text
"dotToi4  Since  the  Ist  of  January  we  host  had  a  very  inactive  cotton  market  in  this  city  ;  our  stock  is  still  small,  and  the  !election  pool;  the  deniand  liMited  from  exporters,  and  the  inducements  to  speculate  not,  considered  flittering;  in  addition  to  which  . STYLE=superscript  we  haVe  had  it  mispension  of  mail  com communication  munication communication  with  tne  South  for  a  whole  week.  Heavy  rains  in  the  Southern  States,  and  deep  snow  at  the  North,  has  eeriously  interrupted  not  only  the  mail  but  all  travel,  and  at  Charleston  and  Savannah  operated  against  the  receipt  of  cotton.  The  unusual  delay  in  the  arrival  of  the  Canada  has  added  to  the  indisposition  to  operate  freely;  holders,  however,  have  been  firm,  and  the  quotations  in  my  last  ,circular  are  renewed  with  the  ,remark,  that  it  is  more  ditilcult  now  than  then  to  purchase  the  rea  t.  'the  sales  since  31st  Dec.  to  this  evening  I  estimate  at  7,000  bales.  The  clearances,  up  to  7th  inst.,  were—for  Liverpool,  1,105  *aales  ;  Antwerp,  1,890;  Naples,  535.  Total,  3,430  bales.  SOUTHERN  MARKETS  have  been  less  active  during  the  week  under  review,  and  in  Mobile  and  New  Orleans  the  sales  are  but  about  one-half  the  amount  of  receipts.  with  prices  slightly  lower.  In  Savannah  and  Charleston  there  is  no  change  of  moment,  either  in  extent  of  business  or  price.  The  following  is  a  statement  of  the  movement  in  since  the  Ist  September  last,  as  compared  with  th  previous  le  years  1855  1854.  185  Receipts  at  the  Ports...  Exports  to  Great  Britain  1,52  , STYLE=superscript  ,000  913,00  q  959,0001,493,000  500,000  411.000  24,000  555,000  189,000  98,010  75.000  98,000  121.00  , STYLE=superscript  )  .49,000  63,010  .ro  000  4307,000  958,000  4.45  009  743,000  645,000  360,000  40,000  595,000  France  .  other  For.  Ports  Total  Ekporta  .  Stock  on  hand.  TRIAL  TRIP  OF  THE  PRINCE  PATRICK  STEAMER  Some  time  ago  we  had  the  satisfaction  of  recording  the  lannch,  from  the  well-known  building-yard  of  Messrs  Vernon.  and  Sons,  of  this  vessel,  built  for  the  North  Lanca Lancashire  shire Lancashire  Steam  Navigation  Company,  running  between  Fleet Fleetwood  wood Fleetwood  and  Belfast,  and  to-day  we  have  the  pleasure  of  recordiug  her  first  trial  trip,  previous  to  her  being  placed  on  the  station,and  it  may  at  once  be  said  that  the  vessel  has  more  than  realized  the  hopes  of  all  concerned.  The  vessel  is  a  beautiful  model,  and  built  from  a  design  by  Mr  Kennedy,  whose  scientific  attainments  are  well  known.  The  dimens:ons  of  the  Prince  Patrick  are—Length,  216  feet;  breadth  of  beam,  25  feet;  depth  of  hold,  from  spar  deck,  14  feet;  her  registered  tonnage  is  700  tons,  but  she  will  carry  Mich  more.  Her  engines  e-  on  the  oscill  and  are  built  by  Messrs  James  Watt  and  Co,  of  London  and  Birmingham,  and  are  pronottnced  by  the  best  be  very  superior.  Their  working  on  new,  and  necessarily  stiff,  was  asserted  with  confidence  that  aft  (lees  to  tufdav,  admirable,  and  i  the  machinery  gets  smooth  and  in  worldni  order,  that  tl  speed  will  be  increased  a  couple  of  miles  per  hour  cylinders  are  0  inches,  and  tne  strol  trial  on  Saturday,  and  17  miles  an  23  revolutions  is  6  feet,  and  on  the  !re  made  yPr  minute  cootty  Idu  wit.o  a  sms,  pressure  of  steam:  Not  the  least  feature  of  the  interestin  proceeding  of  the  day  was  the  fact  that  the  Prince  Patric  went  out  on  her  trip  jest  as  the  Persia  siiled  for  New  Yori  and  it  Ni-as  resolved  to  try  the  speed  of  the  Prince  Patt  with  that  of  the  wonderful  leviathan  had  all  her  power  on  we  c  very  fast,  and  yet  her  y,  but  she  Nether  the  Persia  linly  went  mpetitori  according  to  stri  ;terabout  two  m  latcons  kept  on  board,  beat  her  huge  in  ten,  and  sailed  round  her  off  the  Bell  buoy,  giving  he  several  hearty  cheers,  and  saluted  her  with  gurbg,  which  the  people,  on  board  the  Persia  warmly  returned,  and  the  two  parted  amidst  e  Prin  started  at  11  o'cloelc  frdm  company  of  about  30  gentlemen  dthongst  Messrs.  Wm.  Stewart,  deputy  chairman  of  !  and  Yorkshire  Railway,  Tames  Holme,  Ii  E  Kemp,  Berridge,  Braithwaite  Poole.  Kennedy,  Vernon,  Bulteel,  Poole,  beautifully.  and  al  that  for  her  a  were  Lien,  ff.  Blackniore,  S.  W.  &amp;c.  The  vessel  went  on  I  worked  teamers  that  has  ever,  perhaps,  the  directors  a  sumptuous  entertainment  provtoe4  in  the  cabin,  and  when  we  add  that  the  ea  'I,  of  the  merchant's  P  . STYLE=superscript  superintended  the  arranger arrangernothing  nothing arrangernothing  was  left  undone.  and  he  well  sustained  the  charact  Morris'  Ig-rooms,  who  in  ents,  it  will  be  understood  that  Hr.  Morrish  had  a  carte  branche,  f  his  house  for  the  S'othins  •  ••.,  vidndS  and  wines  to  b  3  had  in  Liverpool,  could  exceed  the  entertainment  in  all  respects,  contrary  and  galley  apparatus  of  the  ship  ;  filled  up  by  Messrs,  Robinson,  Canning-place,  contributed  tO  Make  all  in  that  department  Perfect.  The  cabin  of  the  'vessel  is  model  of  comfort  and  convenience;  and  a  stove,  principle,  open  at  all  Bidea,  affords  eottial  heat  through  the  apartment  ;  in  short  every  thing  has  been  studied  and  carried  out  to  perfection  in  this  fine  vessel.  At  the  lianquet  the  chair  was  taken  by  Mr.  'William  Stewart,  and  the  vice  chair  by  Mr.  Kemp,  the  company's  manager  and  agent  at  Fleetwood.  When  the  good  things  at  the  table  had  been  discussed,  and  the  usual  loyal  toasts  given  and  honoured,  The  Chairman  rose  to  propose  and  prosperity  to  the  Ile  was  indeed  very  glad  of  the  privilege  afforded  him  on  that  occasion,  because  the  Lancashire  Navigation  CoMpany  had  shown  that  they  were  succeeding  by  theif  enterprise  and  exertions  when  they  added  to  their  fine  fleet  of  vesse►s  the  splendid  shin  ;:in  which  they  now  stood.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  was  a  proof  of  the  prosperity  of  the  undertaking,  which  opened  up  a  new  acid  Hell  field  of  traffic  with  the  north  of  Leland.  (Hear  perfect  on  a  nev  s  nea,.,  country  now  found  a  market  for  its  fat  cattle  and  provisions  which  this  country  purchased,  at  the  same  time  sending  over  the  cash,  which  the  people  of  Ireland  wanted.  (Hear,  hear.)  Ile  trusted  that  the  business  would  increase  to  such  an  extent  that  the  company  would  have  to  employ  the  builders  (Messrs.  Vernon  and  Sons)  again  for  a  similar  ship  to  the  present,  which  did  them  so  much  credit.  He  spoke  of  the  design  of  the  ship,  and  her  perfection  in  every  way,  and  said,  as  to  her  speed  they  had  ample  proof  'of  that,  as  she  was  enabled  to  pass  the  great  Persia  very  easily  (Cheers.)  He  felt  great  pleasure  therefore  in  proposing  prosperity  to  the  comnany,  and  with  it  he  would  couple  the  name  of  Messrs.  Kemp  and  Co.,  the  agents  at  Fleet Fleetwood,  wood, Fleetwood,  who  so  well  sustained  the  interests  of  the  company.  The  toast  was  duly  hono  Mr,  Kemp,  in  returniez  between  the  north  of  Ireland  and  Flee  increased—(hear,  hear)—so  much  so,  indeed,  that  found  quite  impossible  for  the  company  to  accommodate  it  without  the  aid  of  a  new  and  splendid  vessel  like  the  Prince  Patrick—(loud  applause)—and  as  the  trade  increased,  so  would  the  company  increase  their  accommodation— accommodation(hear)—and  (hear)—and accommodation(hear)—and  that  would  bring  grist  to  more  mills  than  one.  (Loud  applause.)  If  the  trade  increased  from  England,  the  Irish  trade  had  also  rapidly  risen,  and  resources  heretofore  undeveloped  in  the  north  and  adjacent  parts  of  Ireland,  were  now,  happily,  thrown  open.  The  company.  too,  had  facilities  rendered  by  the  London  and  North-western,  and  the:Lancashire  Railway  Companies,  and  so  they  would  go  on  and  prosper,  to  the  benefit  of  both  countries  and  tha  advantages  of  their  company  as  well  as  of  the  railways.  (Cheers.)  He  would  not  cease  his  exertions  for  the  advantage  of  the  company  and  the  general  good  of  all  parties  concerned.  Having  briefly  acknowledged  the  personal  compliment  paid  him,  Mr.  Kemp  then,  in  brief  terms,  begged  to  propose  the  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Railway  Company,  and  couple  with  it  the  name  of  Mr.  Stewart,  the  present  chairman.  The  toast  was  received  with  applause,  and  drunk  with  all  the  honours.  3  greatly  Mr.  Stewart  briefly  returned  thanks,  and  trusted  that  any  difference  which  heretofore  existed  between  the  companies  had  been  happily  arranged—(hear,  hear,)—and  he  hoped,  in  a_short  time,  that  the  utmost  harmony  would  exist  between  all  companies,  which  benefit  to  all.  Ha  vin  his  seat  amid  cheers.  Mr.  Corkill.  havir  to  oro  way,  than  the  north  of  Ireland,  and  he  time,  to  see  great  advantages  to  both  co  the  intercourse.  By  the  aid  of  the  I  North-  western  and  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Railway  Companies,  and  the  great  facilities  afforded  by  the  North  Lancashire  Steam  Navigation  Company,  be  hoped  to  see  persons  leaving  Euston-square,  London,  at  five  in  the  evening,  and  arrive  in  Belfast  at  nine  next  morning,  in  time  to  attend  their  business.  (Cheers.)  It  only  wanted  a  couple  of  boats  like  the  Prince  Patrick  to  do  it—(hear,  hear.)  —and  they  had  now  the  means,  as  they  had  accomplished  everything  that  could  be  desired.  Therefore,  he  trusted,  with  the  aid  of  their  Allies,  (as  he  would  call  the  railway  companies)  they  would  accomplish  a'l  they  -required.  (Cheers  )  He  would  give  them  the  London  and  North  Western  Railway  Company,  and,  couple  with  it,  the  name  of  Mr.  Braithwaite  Poole,  F.S.S.,  author  of  The  Commerce  of  &amp;c.  The  toast  was  received  with  all  the  honours.  Mr.  Poole  returned  thanks,  and  said  he  felt  it  a  grea  t  honour  to  be  connecte  d  with  the  ' STYLE=superscript  company,  and  he  felt  great  pleasure  in  co-operating  in  any  way  with  the  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Company,  for  the  benefit  of  alt  parties.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  company  afforded  great  facilities  of  intercourse  between  England  and  Ireland,  both  in  mer merchandise  chandise merchandise  and  passenger  traffic  ;  and  he  felt  very  proud  indeed  at  seeing  such  a  splendid  vessel  as  the  Prince  Patrick  built  for  that  purpose.  (Rear,  hear.)  It  would  enable  the  company  to  hold  daily  communication  with  the  North  of  Ireland,  to  which  Fleetwood  was  the  natural  route.  It  was  becoming  every  day  more  appreciated  for  its  im importance.  portance. importance.  (Cheers.)  So  far,  the  London  and  North  Western  Railway  Company  had  an  interest  in  the  under undertaking,  taking, undertaking,  and  they  would  carry  out  the  design  for  the  benefit  of  all  parties  concerned,  and  for  the  public  good.  (Cheers.)  Having  spoken  of  the  fine  ship,  he  thanked  the  party  f  o  r  the  compliment,  and  sat  down  amid  applause.  Mr.  Stewart  having  business  on  shore,  vacated  the  chair,  and  was  succeeded  in  it  by  Mr.  James  Holmes.  The  healths  of  Mr.  Kennedy,  and  Mr.  Blake  (the  latter  the  representative  of  Messrs.  Watts  and  Co.,  the  engine  makers),  were  proposed,  and  duly  honoured,  and  these  gentlemen  duly  responded.  Mr.  Vernon,  jun.,  one  of  the  firm  by  whom  the  ship  was  built,  in  returning  thanks  for  the  honour  conferred  on  him,  by  his  health  being  proposed,  said,  although  the  machinery  of  the  vessel  was  of  course  stiff,  yet,  under  small  pressure,  she  had  obtained  a  speed  of  seventeen  miles  an  hour— hour(loud  (loud hour(loud  cheers)  and  there  was  no  doubt  whatever  that  81:e  would  do  a  mile  or  two  more  when  she  was  in  working  order  after  a  voyage  or  two.  (Renewed  applause.)  They  had  a  fair  start  and  run  against  the  Persia,  which  was  one  of  the  finest  and  fastest  steamers  ever  launched,  and  yet  with  all  her  power  on,  the  Prince  Patrick  beat  her  two  miles  in  a  run  of  ten.  (Loud  cheers.)  He  thought  that  spoke  for  itself.  Mr.  Vernon  sat  down  highly  applauded.  The  Chairman  (Mr.  Holme  s  )  i  n  proposing  the  health  of  Captain  Humphries,  the  commander  of  the  vessel,  said  money  might  be  laid  out,  and  ships  built,  but  without  the  assistance  of  a  gmod,  judiPious,  and  zealous  comman commander,  der, commander,  all  would  be  of  no  avail.  Captain  Humphries  pos possessed  sessed possessed  the  qualities  requisite  for  the  command  of  such  a  ship.  He  has  now  got  a  noble  vessel,  and  he  was  fit  to  command  her.  (Cheers.)  The  toast  was  received  with  enthusiasm.  Captain  Humphries,  in  thanking  the  company,  said  it  was  gratifying  to  him,  after  twelve  years'  service,  to  find  he  was  so  much  honoured  as  he  was  that  day,  both  by  being  promoted  to  the  comm  and  of  such  a  splendid  ship,  and  the  compliment  just  paid  him.  He  felt  grateful,  and  would  not  cease  to  exert  himself  for  the  benefit  of  the  company,  and  the  advantage  of  the  public.  (Cheers  )  The  Chairman  then,  in  suitable  terms,  gave  the  health  of  Mr.  Bulteel,  the  treasurer  of  the  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  railway  company,  which  was  warmly  received  Mr.  Bulteel  returned  thanks,  and  expressed  how  much  pleasure  he  felt  at  being  present  on  the  occasion  of  such  a  triumphal  trial  trip  as  the  vessel  had  accomplished  that  day.  He  then  alluded  to  the  effect  of  trade  with  the  north  of  Ireland  by  such  fine  vestels  as  this,  and  others  belonging  to  the  company,  would  be  of  vast  advantage  to  both  countries.  Mr.  Barridge,  in  happy  Messrs.  Corkill  and  _I  received  with  applause,  and  drs  The  first  named  gentleman  in  res  had  dor  n  fact  greater  traffic  ban  there  was  wh  —(hear,  hear)—a  every  day  in  Dr9ll  betwEen  F  s  only  Failed  twice  the  health*  of  ie  week,  the  pass  ad  and  honour&amp;  that  ha  increased  to  a  superfluity.  - STYLE=superscript  0  the  company  would,  howeve  There  was  elfast  noW  nereaseddeniand  Mr.  Blackwor  'f  highly  pleas  North  Wes  feu  and  goods  t  rs.)  The  The  Chairman  tt"
