text
"trying  as  it  were  cases  of  ejectment  on  the  This  is  a.lesson-  which  Irish  magistrates  should  - STYLE=superscript  ber.  taught  any  time  durivg  the  present  century,  ---:;--)  1  Mr.  Augustus  Godby;  died  •  recently  iii-.'..  ,1  England  had  been  secretaryto  the  Irish  post-office,  .  nr,j  - STYLE=superscript  ,=  and  enjoyed  a  pension  of  £6  1 STYLE=superscript  30  a  year.  .  .  -  i  3  THE  -IRISH  EXHLBITION.—Some  time  since  you  iff  noticed  the  presentation  of  a  service  of  plate  to  .  r  Mr.  T.  D.  Jones.  the  head  of  the  financial  depart-•;  ment  of  the  Irish  exhibition.  The  . STYLE=superscript  value  of  the  :  v  )  ,  i  .i  z  plate  was  £lOO,  and  was  the  spontaneous  and.-  r,,,,y  unanimous  offering  of  the  good  feelings  which  Mr  .  Jones  had  elicited  towards  him,  from  the  various  other  officers  connected  with  that  great  industrial  ,  .  exposition.  -  The  presentation  was  formally  made  on  Friday  last,  in  Dublin,  by  Sir  C.  P.  Roney,  on  ,  behalf  of  the  officers,  together  with  an  address.  Mr.  Jones  expressed  his  acknowledgments  for  both.  The  whole  scene  was  delightful.  The  drapers'  of  Dublin,  as  they  . STYLE=superscript  are  termed,  have  commenced  a  provident  associ association,  ation, association,  to  which,  one  house—that  of  Todd,  Burns,  and  Go.—bas  given  £2OO.  Mr.  Halpin,  inspector  of  lighthouses  to  the  Irish  ballast  board,  had  a  narrow  escape  from  drowning  a  few  days  since,  on  the  coast  of  Galway.  He  had  gone  out  in  a  light  curragh,  or  canoe,  of  canvass,  tarred,  and  extended  over  light  ribs  of  •  wood,  to  visit  a  lighthouse  in  course  of  erection  ;  and  the  canoe  having  been  upset,  he  was,  with  difficulty,  saved.  SINOPE-THE  COAST  OF  PONTUS  IN  ASIA  MINOR.  •.  The  following  notice  of  Sinope  where  the  resent  battle  was  fought  between  the  Turks  and  Russians,  will  at  the  present  moment  be  read  with  interest  :  stroll  on  shore  to  see  the  place  and  sketch  it  from  the  circling  beach  agreeably  filled  by  .a  long  lovely  evening.  The  sun  had  veiled  his  bloodshot  eyes  behind  a  dark  bank  of  clouds,  leaving  lurid  tints  of  purple  and  yellow  to  pervade  earth,  air,  and  water.  The  wind  hushed  ;  the  bay,  as  frozen  over  ;  town  silent  as  sleep  or  death,  not  even  one  twitter  - STYLE=superscript  -  ing  bird,  to  break  the  stillness  of  our  walk;  fisher-.  inert  elrAwing  their  nets  languidly,  pendent  sails  wooing  the  breeze  in  vain,  and  lazy  oars  unim  proved  along  boats'  sides  ;  all  Sinope  the  embodi embodiment  ment embodiment  of  calm  repose  in  its  highest  ideality,.  The  tempt  nalaces,  and  porticoes,  erected  by  a  power  - STYLE=superscript  .  tfai  line  of  I STYLE=superscript  ^ave  been  levelled  with  the  dust.  Nought  remains  of  so  ml,l-  magnificence  save  a  dirty  oriental  town  of  a  thousand  - STYLE=superscript  '  , STYLE=superscript  4(1  houses,:  surrounded  by  crumbling  walls,  and  towers  of  Byzantine  construction.  Almost  equally  a  wreck  is.  the  enormous  hull  of  an  embryo-two embryo-twotovker,  tovker, embryo-twotovker,  wh  i STYLE=superscript  ch  staids  unlaunched  on  the  stocks  ;  built  here  where  timber  and  work  are  cheap  ;  never,  finished;  allowed  to  rot.  Does  this  fact  elucidate,  the  subject?  Alas  for  Sinope.  The  ancient  capital  of  Pontus  under  that  great  man  Mithridates  Eupator,  - STYLE=superscript  and  the  birth-place  of  that  great  beast  Diogenes  the  Cynic,  originally  a  colony  of  the  Milesians,  and  deriving  its  name  from  an  amphibious  young  lady  who  was  the  un unnatural  natural unnatural  offspring  of  a  river  and  a  town,  the  Asopus  and  Methone,  after  she  eloped  hither  with  a  third  element,  Apollo  or  the  Sun,  shows,  indeed,  but  few  traces  of  such  illustrious  antecedents.  Many  fragments  of  ancient  architectural  art,  however,  such  as  broken  columns,  mutilated  cornices,  and  half-defaced  inscriptions  on  architraves  and  sepul sepulchral  chral sepulchral  stones,  have  been  made  use  of  in  raising  these  feeble  fortifications,  and  they  still  attest  what  Sinope  once  was  ;  while  the  quarries  above  the  town,'  whence  one  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  calcareaith  beds  in  the  trachytic  rock  overlaid  by  a  black  volcanic  forma formation  tion formation  seems  to  have  furnished  its  buildina.materials,  tell  an  eloquent  tale  of  its  sudden  dOwnfall,  for  large  blocks  he  there  hewn  and  ready  for  removal,  some  sculptured,  and  some_  actually  on  their  way  to  the  city.  We  saw  also  the  picturesque  r  ains  of  an  aqueduct,  designed  by  Pliny  tho  rounger  to  supply  the  Sinopians  with  good  water  from  a  dis distance  tance distance  of  sixteen  miles  ;  and  the  amient  moip  ate  sea,  enclosing  a  consi considerable  derable considerable  space  along  the  shore,  and  leaving  only  a  narrow  entrance  for  galleys,  but  many  of  the  great  square  stones  composing  it  have  been  worn  and  displaced  by  the  action  of  the  waves  with  the  aid  of  that  universal  destroyer,"
