text
"CATHOLIC  BENEVOLENT  SOCIETY.  The  annual  meeting  of  the  members  and  subscribers  to  this  society,  was  held  last  night,  in  St.  Nicholas's  School,  Copperas-hill,  Rev.  Mr.  SHERIDAN,  in  the  chair.  The  CHAIRMAN  after  briefly  stating  the  objects  of  the  society—namely,  to  assist  their  poorer  brethren,  particu particularly  larly particularly  at  this  festive  season,  said  that  much  cruelty  was  prac practised  tised practised  towards  their  poor  by  the  poor  law  officers.  He  thought  that  the  society  should  take  up  this  matter,  and  should  furnish  the  priests  with  a  condensation  of  the  law,  that  they  might  know  how  to  act  when  visiting  the  sick  and  impoverished.  If  their  poor  were  entitled  to  the  law's  pro protection,  tection, protection,  they  should  receive  it,  but  unless  the  society  took  up  the  quarrel  they  would  continue  to  be  denied  their  rights.  The  Chairman  particularised  one  instance  in  support  of  his  statement.  Mr.  SHELL  then  read  the  annual  report.  Mr.  CORBALLY,  treasurer,  submitted  a  statement  of  the  accounts.  Balance  since  last  year,  £lO  18s.  9d.  ;  donations,  £l2B  16s.  ;  subscriptions,  £BO  3s.  6d.  ;  church  collections,  £79  Is.  6d.  ;  Catholic  ball,  £lO  15s.  6d.  ;  total,  £309  14s.  2d.  Distributed  to  the  clergy  for  relief,  £267  lOs  ;  adver advertising,  tising, advertising,  &amp;c.,  £6  6s.  ;  postage,  &amp;c.,  15s.  7d.  ;  collector's  com commission,  mission, commission,  £3  16s.  7d.  ;  balance  in  hands,  £3l  ss.  10d.;  total,  £309  14s.  2d.  The  Rev.  Mr.CoLLYNs  moved  the  adoption  of  the  report.  In  doing  so  he  observed  that  he  entirely  sympathised  with  the  chairman,  in  all  that  he  had  said  concerning  the  distresses  and  wants  of  the  Catholic  poor  of  this  town.  No  one  who  had  the  slightest  acquaintance  with  the  poor  distriets  of  Liverpool  could  doubt  for  a  moment  that  there  existed  throughout  them  the  deepest  distress.  which  called  for  the  moqt  netivo  cxe,  Lion.  of  uhristian  charity  to  'alleviate  it,  and  to  give  to  the  sufferers  that  comfort  which  it  was  their  duty  to  afford  them  as  members  of  the  Catholic  church.  They  could  not  doubt  that  if  there  was  any  ob object  ject object  which,  above  all  others,  was  worthy  of  the  attention  of  Catholics,  it  was  that  of  giving  relief  to  the  destitute  poor.  (Rear,  hear.)  It  was  not  on  behalf  of  those  who  made  a  trade  of  begging  that  they  appealed.  No,  they  spoke  on  behalf  of  the  deserving  Catholic  poor---in  behalf  of  those  who,  by  unfortunate  circumstances,  had  been  reduced  to  distress,  and  whose  virtue  and  modesty  forbade  them  to  put  their  claims  before  the  public.  They  spoke  in  behalf  of  those  poor  who  were  found  by  the  sisters  of  charity  and  mercy  who  visited  them  in  their  cheerless  homes,  and  there  beheld  the  wretchedness  of  the  living,  and  the  absence  of  every  comfort  that  could  soothe  the  dying.  (Applause.)  It  became  the  duty  of  the  society  to  put  those  claims  before  the  public,  and  by  doing  so  earnestly,  they  might  rely  on  suc success.  cess. success.  (Rear,  hear.)  Mr.  JAMES  GIBSON  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  unanimously  adopted.  Mr.SHEIL  proposed  the  next  resolution,  which  was  to  the  effect  that  the  society,  on  behalf  of  the  sick  and  destitute  poor,  tendered  their  grateful  acknowledgments  to  the  many  Men&amp;  who,  during  the  past  year,  had  generously  contri contributed  buted contributed  towards  their  funds.  The  speaker  briefly,  but  forcibly,  urged  the  claims  of  the:society  on  the  Catholic  public.  Rev.  Mr.  DUTERRE  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  unanimously  adopted.  Mr.  GERARD  LYNCH  proposed  the  next  resolution,  namely,  that  they  endeavour,  by  active  and  strenuous  exertions,  to  increase  the  funds  of  this  society,  and  thereby  extend  and  enhance  its  Mr.  Lynch  observed  that  no  Catholic  institution  in  Liverpool  deserved  greater  support  than  this  society,  and  urged  all  Catholics  to  support  it  by  their  contributions  and  advocacy.  Rev.  Mr.  SUTTON  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  unanimously  adopted.  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  THOMAS  DALY,  seconded  by  the  Rev.  Mr.  AYLWARD,  the  officers  for  the  next  year  were  appointed.  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  FRANCIS  ROCKLIFF,  seconded  by  the  Rev.  Mr.  I:arm/480N,  the  thanks  of  the  society  were  given  to  officers  for  the  past  year.  At  the  conclusion  of  the  meeting,  which  was  far  from  nu numerous,  merous, numerous,  a  collection  was  made,  and  Mr.  JOHN  YATES,  jun.,  the  secretary,  announced  at  the  close  that  it  amounted  to  4148.."
