text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  Dock  Dues  28  15  4  Dock  Due  Cartage  &amp;  ware-  Cartage  &amp;  war  housing  41  13  4  housing  Fire  Insurance  Fire  Insurance  3  months,  at  7s.  6d.  V  cent.  3  months,  9d.  con  Total  Deduct  Birken Birkenhead  head Birkenhead  charges..  18  4  8  97  10  8  Total  charges  on  Colonial  pro-  £79  6  0  glaring  injustice  bebre  the  opinion  ttion  will  occupy  a  jury  of  mercantil  very  few  minutes  superstitious  observance  tud  rallies  so  We,  English,  ha;  ie  most  civilized  nation  in  the  world  istoins—perpetuate  extravagant  follies—  ive  long  ago  fallen  into  desuetude  msequence  of  the  notorious  periodical  o  recklessly  indulged  in  during  the  pas  of  the  Lord  Mayor  of  London.  For  ou  ings  matte:  steamer,  at  365.  per  barrel,  warehoused  at  Birker  head,  contrasted  with  Liverpool  :  Total..  ..  £lB  4  In  these  tables  we  have  the  foreign,  colonial,  any  internal  policy  of  our  Liverpool  administration  ar  raigned  ;  and  if  we  be  not  much  deceived,  they  wil  soon  be  called  on  to  account  for  their  follies  and  ibunal  of  publi  is  established,  and  its  adjt.  THE  language  employed  by  SYDNEY  SMITH  witl  reference  to  intolerance,  may,  with  equal  justness  and  propriety,  be  applied  to  absurd  usages  anc  Nothing  dies  so  hart  ;acter  of  being  a  practical  people  ;  of  belonging  t.c  _  _  and  o  possessing  laws  and  institutions  as  rational  in  theft  nature  as  they  are  progressive  in  their  tendency.  And  yet,  withal,  monstrosities  and  anomalies  are  of  wanting.  We  cling  tenaciously  to  antiquated  -and  up  Liold  pernicious  practices,  which  certainly  refle  )  credit  upon  the  character  of  the  age,  and  shoul  These  observations  have  been  called  forth  it  being  intended  to  keep  alive  the  remembranc  GUIDO  FAUKES  and  the  Gunpowder  )ther,  designed  as  a  fitting  inauguration  into  offic  we  highly  approve  of  public  amusements,  and  re  Bard  them  as  essential  to  the  physical  and  moral  well-being  of  every  community  —nor  should  WE  ever  become  recusants  to  established  and  time timehonoured  honoured timehonoured  customs,  provided  'the  same  could  lay  lain  to  utility,  or  were  even  innocuous  in  their  character,  and  unattended  with  mischievous  con  But  the  amusements  (if  such  they  can  be  called),  to  which  we  allude,  have  no  right  to  be  upholden.  They  are,  in  their  very  nature,  not  only  ridiculously  extravagant,  but  absolutely  detrimental  to  the  best  interests  of  society;  and  the  actual  calamitie  the  shape  of  accidents  and  loss  of  life,  that  inva invariably  riably invariably  follow  such  manifestations  of  national  and  local  feeling,  call  loudly,  and  imperatively,  for  a  discontinuance  of  such  exhibitions  of  party  feeling  and  cockney  folly  1  Let  the  dead  Past  bury  its  dead  Why  should  we,  as  a  people,—confessed  lovers  of  progress,  and  who  are  materially  aiding  the  civilization  of  the  world—hanker  so  after  by-gones  and  annually  drag  from  the  grave  the  hateful  demon  of  Discord  to  administer  to  an  hour's  frolic,  and  then  to  leave  bitter  and  incurable  stings  behind?  What  has  the  Gunpowder  to  do  with  us  ?  It  is  merely  a  matter  of  history  —so  let  it  remain.  There  are  DE  history  which"
