text
"the  accounts  should  serious  m  doubt,  how  ever  due  at  Southampton  on  vey  the  anxiously-desired  mail  certain  that  the  Australian  pack(  pore  will  have  reached  that  port  in  _  unless  detained  by  casualities  or  bad  weatl  this  ease;-the  - STYLE=superscript  overland  express,  in-  anticip  the  arrival  of  the  Ripon,  may  be  looked  for  in  London  about  the  kith  olz  15th  Lust.,  with  the  ad•  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  vancedportion  of  the  India,  China,  and  Australian  mails,  and  the  usual  telegraphic  despatch  from  Trieste  may,  a  few  days  earlier  than  those  dates,  bring  tidings  of  whether  the  missing  mail  has  or  has  not  again  fallen  short.  The  Indus  brings  69,  passengers,  among  whom  are  Captain  Barchann,  and  Lieutenant  Pearce,  R.N.,  from  Hongkonc7;  Dr.  Graham,  from  Singa Singapore;  pore; Singapore;  Lieutenant  Gosling,  from  Madras;  Lieu Lieutenants  tenants Lieutenants  Wodehouse  and  -  Campbell,  and  Dr.  Wil Williams,  liams, Williams,  from  Ceylon  ;  Captain  Benny,  frOm  Suez  ;  Colonel  Stewart  and  Captain  Bellairs,  from  Alex Alexandria;  andria; Alexandria;  Lieutenant  Greathead,  and  Drs.  Cameron  and  Marshall,  from  Malta.  The  freight  list  com comprises,  prises, comprises,  1  box  gold  nuggets,  165  bales  and  19  cases  silk,  72  bales  flax,  17  bales'  wool,  6  cases  shawls,  152  bags  guit,  142  bags  sugar,  14  casks  elephant's  tusks,  7  casks  mother-apearl,  8  cases  Egyptian  curiosities,  4  cases  opium,  and  sundry  merchan merchandise.  dise. merchandise.  ,  The  news  by  this  steamer  from  India,  China,  Egypt,  &amp;e.,  has  been  anticipated  by  the  overland  express,  published  in  our  columns  several  days  since.  From  Gibraltar  we  have  accounts  to  the  28th  ult.  Spanish  pillared  dollars,  being  in  great  de demand  mand demand  for  the  China  markets,  had  risen  to  15  per  cent.  premium,  at-  which  quotation  transactions  were  effected  on  the  28th.  The  screw  steamer  Phoebe,  11  days  from  Constantinople  and  five  from  Malta,  arrived  on  the  27th  ult.,  and  sailed  for  Liverpool  at  noon  the  same  day.  The  steamer  Melita,  5i-  days  from  Liverpool,  arrived  on  the  27th  ult.,  and  left  at  2  p.m.  for  .  Malta  and  Constanti Constantinople.  nople. Constantinople.  The  Livorno,  three  days  and  a-half  from  Marseilles,  arrived  same  day,  and  sailed  in  the  evening  for  Liverpool.  The  Spanish  steamer  Bar Barcelona  celona Barcelona  also  left  during  the  night  for  Malaga  and  Marseilles.  The  Portuguese  sloop  of  war  Porto  sailed  from  Gibraltar.  on  •  the  27th  ult.  Her  Ma Majesty's  jesty's Majesty's  steam  sloop  Vesuvius  was  at  anchor  in  Gibraltar  Bay  when  the  Indus  took  her  departure  thence.  The  following  official  notice,  in  reference  to  an  expected  quarantine,  was  issued  at  Gibraltar  on  the  27th  ult.  :  The  governor  having  received  an  official  communication  from  the  general  officer  commanding  her  Catholic  Majesty's  forces  in  the  adjacent  district  of  the  Campo  de  San  Roque,'  urging  the  necessity  of  imposing  a  term  of  quarantine  on  vessels  arriving  in  this  port  from  England,  takes  the  earliest  moment  of  apprizing  the  inhabitants  of  Gibralter,  particu particularly  larly particularly  those  at  present  residing  at  San  Roque  and  Campo,  that  the  port  and  fortress  may  at  any  moment  be  placed  in  a  state  of  By  command,  G.  ADDERLEY,  Colonial"
