text
"CHARGE  SIXPE  N  C  E.  Published  every  morning,  at  19,  South  John  -street  Liverpool,  and  9.  Princess-street,  Manchester.  Corret(ponVenre.  THE  POLICE  DELINQUENCIES.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  STR,—The  community  are  under  a  very  great  obligation  to  you  for  your  admirable  article  of  this  day,  upon  the  abuse  of  their  authority  by  the  police  of  Liverpool.  I  have  long  deplored  the  want  of  some  spirited  journalist  to  grapple  with  this  daily  increasing  evil  ;  and  I  took  blame  to  myself,  (although  an  humble  and  retiring  individ individual)  ual) individual)  for  not  having  brought  under  the  notice  of  the  magistracy,  some  scenes  which  I  lately  wit witnessed  nessed witnessed  of  a  similar  character  to  that  so  graphically  described  in  your  journal  of  to-day.  I  sincerely  trust  that  you  will  follow  up  the  good  work  which  you  have  so  vigorously  begun  ;  and  by  so  doing,  confer  a  great  benefit  upon  the  poorer  classes  of  our  brethren.  Accept  my  best  thanks,  as  an  individual,  for  the  good  which  your  leading  .  article  will,  doubtless,  lead  to.—  Your  obedient  servant,  G.  P.  Liverpool,  15th  December,  1853.  THE  CORPORATION.-ST.  JOHN'S  MARKET.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  Six,-Will  you  allow  me,  through  the  columns  of  your  widely  circulated  paper,  to  state  a  matter  of  grievance  to  myself,  and  of  inconvenience  to  the  public.  I  am  a  tenant  of  the  corporation,  in  St.  John's  Market,  and  to-day  I  find  the  walls  covered  with  printed  bills,  bearing  this  announcement  :  Christmas  Holiday.—Notice.  This  Market  will  not  be  opened  on  Monday,  the  26th  Sir,  I  complain  of  this  ;  it  is  a  great  hardship  to  me  ;  and  I  doubt,  moreover,  whether  the  whole  corporation,  much  less  a  committee,  has  the  power  which  this  assumes,  viz  :  to  close,  com compulsorily,  pulsorily, compulsorily,  a  public  market  on  a  day  not  of  legal  obligation.  Will  they  allow  me  a  day's  rent  ?  No.  And  yet  they  undertake  to  do  that  which  interferes  w  ith  my  profits  ;  and  may,  and  must,  deteriorate  my  property.  Can  you  do  anything  for  me,  Sir,  or  for  the  many  people  who  may  like  to  purchase  a  fresh  dish  of  meat  on  the  day  after  Christmas  ?—I  am,  Sir,  yours  truly,  A  MARKET-TENANT.  Dec.  14th,  1853.  SERIOUS  ACCIDENT  TO  THE  SHIP  ALFRED.—Yesterday  morning,  as  the  ship  Alfred,  captain  Kerr,  from  New  York,  with  a  general  cargo,  was  proceeding  into  the  Salisbury  dock,  she  ran  with  some  force  against  the  wall  of  the  Salis Salisbury  bury Salisbury  pier,  which  caused  one  of  the  claws  of  the  anchor  to  enter  into  the  bow.  The  ship  commenced  making  water  so  rapidly  that  after  docking  her  it  was  deemed  advisable  to  let  the  dock  run  dry,  lest  the  ship  sink.  In  the  meantime  some  temporary  repairs  are  being  done,  with  a  view  of  taking  the  vessel  into  the  Bramley-Moore  dock,  this  evening,  Commtrcfal  Spaitcs,  THIS  DAY.  On  account  of  wh  om  it  may  concern.  _,.....,_  THIS  DAY  (Friday),  the  16th  inst  an  t,  a  t  h  a  lf-  past  O  ne  o'clock,  at  the  Broker's  Office,  10,  Brunswick-street,  About  1,500  Bushels  Damaged  WHEAT,  Ex  Franklin  from  New  York.—Apply  to  WILLIAM  PARKE,  Broker.  TO  CORRESPONDENTS.  We  have  received  the  letter  of  Clericus  relative  to  the  condition  of  SEACOMEE  FERRY.  We  shall  be  most  happy  in  any  way  that  we  can  to  take  a  part  in  promoting  the  safety  and  convenience  of  so  large  and  influential  a  por portion  tion portion  of  our  community  as  that  which  is  interested  in  the  efficiency  of  the  steamers  hence  to  Seacombe.  We  shall  be  most  happy  to  afford  the  use  of  our  columns  for  the  purpose  of  stimulating  the  Proprietors  of  the  Ferries  now  on  to  a  more  full  and  capable  management;  and  to  urge  upon  the  Lord  of  the  Manor•  the  duty  he  owes  to  the  inhabitants  of  that  important  district.  The  letter  of  however,  would,  we  apprehend,  be  libellous  to  publish,  and  hence  it  is  we  must  respectfully  decline  it.  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer;  not  necessarily  for  publication,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  WILLMER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  THEATRE  ROYAL.  Williamson-square.  Last  Two  Nights  of  the  Engagement  of  MISS  FITZPATRICK,  whose  successful  debut  in  London,  and  subsequent  tour  in  the  United  States  have  distinguished  her  as  one  of  the  principal  artistes  in  Comedy.—This  Evening,  ZFriday),  Dec  16th,  for  the  BENEFIT  OF  MISS  FITZPATRICK,  THE  LOVE  CHASE.  Constance,  Miss  Fitzpatrick.  And  the  MARRIED  RAKE.  Mrs.  'l'rietrac,  Miss  Fitzpatrick.—Mß.  BARRY  SULLIVAN,  who  is  engaged  for  FIVE  NIGHTS  Only,  will  make  his  First  Appearance  on  Monday,  the  l'Jth  instant.  Admission,  Dress  Boxes,  45.;  Upper  Boxes,  35.;  Pit,  25.;  Gallery,  Is.  The  Box-office  is  open  from  Ten  to  Three  o'clock  daily,  for  securing  Seats  and  taking  Private  Boxes,  under  the  direction  of  Mr.  T.  Shuttleworth.  Children  in  arms  will  not  be  aimitted.  Doors  open  at  half-past  Six,  the  performance  to  com commence  mence commence  at  Seven  o'clock  precisely.  ROYAL  PARK  THEATRE.  Parliament  Street,  near  St,  James's  Market.  THIS  EVENING  (Friday),  Dec.  16th,  for  the  BENEFIT  of  Mr.  W.  R.  WALDRON  (Stage  Manager),  will  be  presented  a  New  Romantic  Drama,  entitled  the  FIELD  OF  DEATH;  or,  THE  FORTY  FOOTSTEPS.  Francis  Vere,  Miss  Marriott.  The  Laugh.  able  Interlude  of  THE  IRISH  LION.  Tim  Moor,  Mr.  W.  R  Waldron.  To  conclude  with  the  LIFE  OF  A  MECHANIC.—In  Rehearsal,  the  New  Grand  Local  Christmas  Pantomime  ()RMS.  HEAD  THE  GREAT;  or,  HARLEQUIN  AND  JENNY  JONES,  AND  THE  FLOWER  OF  SNOWDON.  Columbine,  Mademoiselle  Rose;  Harlequin,  Sig.  Guarrino;  Pantaloon,  Mr.  P.  Anderson;  Inimitable  Clown,  Mr.  J.  Appleby.—Doors  open  at  half  past  six,  commence  at  seven  o'clock.—Admission,  Private  Boxes,  is.;  Boxes,  is.;  Pit,  Gd.;  Gallery.  3d.  ROYAL  AMPHITHEATRE.  Sole  _Lessee,  Mr.  W  B.  Copeland,  15,  Great  Charlotte  -street,  IMMENSE  SUCCESS  OF  PABLO  FANQUE'S  COMPANY!  GRAND  ROUTINE  OF  EQUESTRIAN  NOVELTIES,  MR.  PABLO  FANQUE,  ever  anal  us  to  cater  for  Novelties,  has  great  pleasure  in  Informing  the  Public,  that  he  has  engaged,  for  SIX  NIGHTS  ONLY,  &#34;STOKE'S  AMERICAN  WONDERS  !  YOUNG  LEON,  MADEMOISELLE  ELLA,  from  Drury  Lane  Theatre.  They  will  appear  on  Monday  Evening,  December  19th.—  Another  Change  of  Performance  Tnis  DAT  (Friday),  and  following  day.  TWO  GRAND  DAY  JUVENILE  FETES  Next  Week,  on  Wednesday,  Dec.  21,  and  Friday.  Dec.  23.  D  .ors  open  .tt  One.  commence  at  Two.  In  the  Evening  the  Doors  open  at  a  qu.rter  to  Seven,  and  Perfeimances  commence  at  half•past  Seven.  Prices  of  Admission:  Dress  Circle,  Ss.  ;  Side  Bozos,  :is,  63.  ;  Pit  ,  Is.  6d.  Stalls,  Is.  6d.  ;  Gallery,  6d.  Second  Price—Dress  Circle,  25.;  Side  Boxes,  Is.  6;  Pit,  Is.  •  no  second  price  to  Gallery  or  Stalls.  Se  con  d  Price,  to  Boxes  and  P  it,  at  nine  o'clock.  ROYAL  ADELPHI  THEATRE,  Christian  Street,  Islington.  THIS  EVENING  (Friday),  Dec.  16th,  for  the  BENEFIT  of  MR.  J.  COURTNEY,  the  new  Drama  of  THE  GAMBLER'S  WIFE  .  After  which,  THE  FATHER'S  HEART.  To  conclude  with  NORAH,  THE  PRIDE  OF  KILDARE,  in  which  MR.  ABEL,  and  his  WONDERFUL  DOGS  will  appear.--In  preparation  the  Magnificent  New  Comic  Pantomime,  which  will  be  produced  during  the  Christmas  Holidays,  with  Gorgeous  New  Scenery  by  Messrs.  Mathews  and  Ramsden,  Machinery  by  Mr.  Atkins,  and  Appointments  by  Mr.  Gibbs,  entitled  THE  VALE  OF  GEMS  ;  or,  HARLEQUIN  AND  SINBAD  THE  SAILOR,  AND  THR  FAIRY  OF  CORA  I.  GROT.  Sinbad,  the  sailor,  Miss  Carre,  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Haymarket.  Harlequin,  Mr.  C.  Brown.  Pantaloon,  Mr.  Jackson.  Columbine,  Miss  E.  Gibbs.  Clown,  Herr  Teesale.  Sprite,  Signor  Sylvani.—Centre  Boxes,  21.;  Side  Boxes,  Is.;  Pit  6d.;  Gal.  Ivry,  al.  HIGH  WATER  IN  THE  MERSEY.  This  DAY—Morning,  llh.  40m....  Afternoon,  llh.  56m.  FRIDAY,  DECEMBER  16,  1853  CHRISTMAS,  merry  Christmas  !  fast  approaches.  All  the  delightful  associations  of  which  this  joyous,  season  is  so  redolent,  are  about  to  pour  in  upon  us.  Our  houses  will  be  decked  with  holly—beautiful  emblem  of  the  ever-blooming  human  affections,  which  are  neither  dimmed  nor  decayed  by  the  frost  of  December.  Hoary  Time  may,  indeed,  do  his  work  upon  the  countenance—its  ravages  can  never  affect  the  heart.  Absent  relatives  will  re reassemble  assemble reassemble  round  the  family  board  —divided  house households  holds households  once  again  surround  the  blazing  yule-log  or  cheery  fire,  which  will  seem  to  burn  the  more  sprightly,  as  if  in  direct  sympathy  with  our  thoughts  and  feelings.  What  blissful  re-unions  there  will  be  !  What  affectionate  greetings  What  hallowed  retrospections  !  With  what  ebulli ebullitions  tions ebullitions  of  feeling  will  the  lover  greet  his  beloved  one—the  maiden  the  object  of  her  attachment?  How  the  schoolboy  will  rush,  panting,  into  the  arms  of  his  anxious  parents,  and  forget  his  Ltvr  and  HORACE,  till  good  old  Christmas  has  departed!  How  the  old  man's  heart  will  leap  for  joy,  as  he  sees  before  him  those  for  whom  he  has  toiled  and  struggled  ministering  to  his  comfort  I  How  the  fount  of  life  will  seem  to  spring  up  afresh  in  his  bosom,  until  he  feels,  as  it  were,  a  renewal  of  youth,  and  the  fervent  pulse  of  life  throbbing  u.stily  within  him  !  The  humorous  tale  and  jocund  laugh  will  .follow  in  succession,  and  feast  of  will  agreeably  and  fitly  contribute  to  the  flow  of  Old  feuds  will  be  forgotten— forgottenparty  party forgottenparty  jealousies  discarded—nigardliness  left  soli solitary  tary solitary  and  cheerless  in  the  counting-house—and  hearts  shut  up  and  hermetically  sealed  all  the  year  round  to  every  generous  emotion,  will  now  spontaneously  become  open  to  human  claims  and  susceptible  of  human  symnpathies.  GOD  bless  Christmas  !  merry  old  Christmas  !  for  he  has  charms  for  us  all.  Cold,  shivering,  and  weary,  though  he  comes,  we  will  warm  his  old  nose  —wipe  off  the  icicles  from  his  forehead,  and  the  snow  from  his  beard—and  give  him  a  hale  and  Learty  welcome  While  he  tarries  he  shall  have  good  and  plenty  of  it.  Every  habitation  shall  ring  with  festivity  on  his  account,  and  uni  versa!  rejoicings  salute  him  at  every  side  !  Not  the  wealthy  alone  anticipate  and  prepare  for  his  advent  ;  the  poor  also  are  on  to  provide  for  him  a  meet  reception.  Whilst  the  one  fattens  an  ox,  the  other  clubs  for  a  goose,  to  afford  him  a  substantial  repast;  nor  are  the  after-dinner  pota potations  tions potations  by  any  means  forgotten—  •  Christmas  comes  but  once  a  year,  And  when  it  comes  it  brings  good  But  all  homes  will  not  be  happy,  nor  every  heart  blithe  and  joyous.  Sorrow  has  smitten  some  who,  twelve  months  ago,  revelled  in  gaiety.  Distress,  with  mill-dew  blight,  has  visited  many  a  bosom.  The  prop  of  a  house  has  fallen.  Children  are  left  orphans.  Disappointments  have  come  thick  and  quick,  and  blasted  long  cherished  hopes.  Some  pine  in  abject  destitution.  Others  know  not  where  to  lay  their  heads.  We  should  take  care  lest,  in  our  superabundant  enjoyments,  we  forget  our  neighbours'  wretchedness.  How  delightful  the  reflection,  as  we  are  sitting  and  regaling  ourselves  before  our  own  cheerful  firesides,  that  we  have  ad administered  ministered administered  to  the  enjoyment,  and  brought  happi happiness  ness happiness  to  the  hearths  of  the  less  fortunate  !  No  pleasure  can  surpass  the  remembrance  of  a  bene beneficent  ficent beneficent  action.  It  steals  like  a  fragrant  perfume  over  the  soul.  Man  is  born  to  be  a  doer  of  says  one  of  the  Greek  sages.  And  surely  he  who  centres  all  in  must  be  fearfully  ignorant  of  his  responsibilities  and  duties—  Our  acts  our  angels  are,  or  good  or  ill  ;  The  fatal  shadows  that  walk  by  us  The  present  season  is  most  suggestive.  Few  whose  hearts  are  expanded  by  its  influence  but  can  find  objects  enough  near  their  own  doors—and"
