text
"TO  CORRESPONDENTS,  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer  ;  not  necessarily  for  publication,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  ,Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  WILLMER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  3fllittljtrit  (d'Artts.  WEDNESDAY,'  OCTOBER  26,  1853.  As  nothing  which,  either  directly  or  indirectly,  effects  the  public  welfare  is  uninteresting  to  us,  as  journalists,  we  proceed  to  offer  a  few  remarks  upon  the  forthcoming  Municipal  Election.  We  hope  they  will  not  be  considered  inopportune  or  unne unnecessary,  cessary, unnecessary,  •and  that  their  tendency  will  be  to  arouse  the  public  mind  from  its  lethargic  condition,  and  serve  to  point  a  if  they  do  not  adorn  a  In  referring  to  corporate  bodies  the  first  thought  that  suggests  itself  is  For  the  life  of  us,  we  cannot  disjoin  the  ideas  which  tlae.words  cor 'corporate'  and.  give  rise  to  in  our  minds.  They  are,  as  it  were,  integral  parts  of  a  great  whole,  and  do  not  admit  of  an  abstracted  individuity.  In  like  manner  do  the  terms  and  harmonize,  like  the  diapason  in  music,  so  that  there  is  no  distinguishing  the  one  from  the  other.  And,  indeed,  what  higher  ideal  can  be  entertained  of  a  civic  functionary  or  town towncouncillor,  councillor, towncouncillor,  than  that  which  includes  sumptuous  and  a  princely  disposal  of  the  public  money.  We  know  with  -what  avidity  men  seek  places  of  public  trust—what  extravagant  protestations  they  make  of  their  great  regard  for  the  general  inte 'interests—what'  a  display  of  long  and  self-denying  labours  are  trumpeted  forth  into  the  voters'  ears  —  how  eloquently  and  slily  they  become  eulogized  into  posts  of  honour—when  their  labours  too  often  cease  for  the  public,  and  they  begin  forthem forthemselves  selves forthemselves  !  The  loaves  and  in  other  words,  the  emoluments  and  perquisites  of  office,  act  as  power powerful  ful powerful  magnets  ;  and  we  must  admit  that  it  requires  no  ordinary  amount  of  virtue  to  withstand  their  baneful  influences.  The  history  of  corporate  and  similar  guilds,  furnishes  us  with  the  sad  facts,  that  public  duty  has  been  too  'often  sacrificed  at  the  shrine  of  base_  cupidity;  and  that  neither  the  highest  position  nor  the  most  sacred  calling,  have  been  entirely  exempt.  It  is  well  betimes  to  philo philosophise  sophise philosophise  and  reason  on  those  matters,  in  order  that  we  may  derive  therefrom  practical  wisdom  and  keen  foresight.  _&amp;,:perientia  is  an  old  proverb,  the  truth  of  which,  every  day  of  our  life,  we  are  confirming;  and  all  the  intelligence  we  may  by  this  means  obtain  is  worse  than  useless,  if  it  does  not  lead  to  some  .  beneficial  and  practical  result.  Men  owe  duties  to  their  country  as  well  as  to  their  families.  The  one  is  quite  as  obligatory  and  indispensible  as  the  other.  Yet  how  often  does  it  occur,  that  whilst  they  scrupulously  and  assiduously  discharge  the  former,  they  either  think  not  at  all,  or  if  they  do,  most  slovenly  perform  the  latter.  By  way  of  ex example  ample example  just  let  us  tuke  the  case  of  Municipal  Elections.  The  burgesses  of  Liverpool  are  called  upon  annually  to  elect  a  certain  number  of  fit"
