text
"SHIPPING  LIST.  FRIDAY,  DECEMBER  30.  1853  ..prit  carried  away  in  a  heavy  sea  ;  has  100,300  dol  ars  in  specie  on  freight.  The  Baltic,  (u.s.st.s)  for  New  York,  at attempted  tempted attempted  to  get  to  sea  to-day,  but  the  fog  was  so  thick  when  she  got  below  the  Rock,  that  she  came  to  anchor,  and  will  proceed  as  soon  as  it  clears.  She  takes  out  So  passengers  and  a  full  freight.  Onward,  from  Liverpool  at  New  Orleans.  Coronilla,  Boyd.  from  Liverpool  at  Gibraltar,  Qu  E  grow  K,  l)ee  28  —Arrived—  Kezia.  Ewart,  from  Danz'c  for  Cork.  Put  back—  Eleonora,  for  Liverpool;  Jessie  BI  'Clew,  for  Liverpool.  REAUMARIS,  Dee  28.—The  barque  Quebec,  of  and  for  Liverpool,  from  Danzic,  when  run running  ning running  for  this  anchorage.  grounded  on  the  Faers.  and  remains,  but  is  expected  off  next  tide.  DuaLta,  Dec  211.—Arrived  -  Triton,  from  Memel.  A  three  masted  vessel  was  seen  to  founder  this  morning,  at  10  o'clo,k,  about  20  miles  East  of  Kish,  by  the  Prince,  (s),  which  lowered  the  quarter  boats.  the  former  of  which  was  swamped  and  the  latter  stove,  and  unfor unfortun  tun unfortun  atly  could  render  no  assistance.  Six  men  are  !said  to  be  saved  from  the  vessel  by  a  fishing fishing`boat.  `boat. fishing`boat.  'N  airoan.  Dec  27.—The  'oven  Claudio  ha  s STYLE=superscript  put  in  a  mud  bank,  and  is  discharging  part  of  her  cargo.  The  remainder  will  be  out  to-mor to-morrow,  row, to-morrow,  a  small  portion  of  which  is  expected  to  be  damaged.  Low  IBSTOFT,  Dee  28,—The'  Panope,  of  Caen,  Illyth  to  Toulon,  and  the  James,  of  Goole,  have  been  assisted  in  here,  having  been  ashore  on  the  North  Beach.  YARMOUTH.  Dec  28.  —The  Alliance,  of  and  for  ~underland.  is  on  shore;  crew  saved.  The  Snipe.  of  Faversham.  is  breaking  up.  The  Samuel.  of  Clay—the  Juliana,  of  Wells—and  the  Yarborough.  of  Grimsby,  are  on  shore  near  Cotton,  with  several  other  vessels  ;  crews  believed  to  have  been  saved.  The  uoy  Yacht  (schooner),  of  Wells,  is  on  shore  back  of  the  North  Pier.  The  Thos.  and  Ann,  which  was  on  shore  at  Caistor,  has  been  assisted  off,  and  is  discharging  here.  Gai  Milay  '  Dec  U.—Arrived—John  and  Mary,  from  Shields,  for  London.  very  leaky.  SCILLY,  Dec  26.  Arrived—Achf,  for  Havre.  with  loss  of  mainmast,  &amp;c.  ;  Hamburgh,  St.  John's,  N.  8.,  for  Hull.  .  -  GitAvicSlMD,  Dec  29  —Arrived—Daniel,  from  Aliddlethorp;  Urania,  Coilberg;  Hisa,  Archangel  ;  Sarah,  Palermo;  Triton,  Calais  z.ailed—Reindeer,  Demerara."
