text
"s  In  his  pap..  we  regret  to  say  he  did  not  in  this  case  exercise  discretion,  and  forbid  the  publication  of  a  docu document  ment document  that,  he  must  have  known,  would  prejudice  the  public  mind  against  the  accused,  which  had  been  obtained  contrary  to  all  precedent,  and  might  vitiate  the  finding  of  the  coroner's  jury,  and  so  defeat  the  ends  of  justice.  That  the  publication  of  Dr.  TAYLOR'S  analysis  would  have  either  one  or  other  of  these  effects  must  have  been  foreseen  by  the  Editor  who  sanctioned  its  publication,  and  we  only  regret  there  is  a  public  journalist  in  this  country  who  would  venture  to  pursue  such  a  reckless  and  immoral  course.  Dr.  TAYLOR  can  offer  no  apology  to  society  for  his  indiscretion,  and,  above  all,  for  his  favoritism.  He,  as  well  as  all  other  popular  men,  is  indebted  for  his  popularity  to  the  Press,  generally,  and  not  to  any  one  or  two  journals.  And  all  future  aspirants  to  public  fame,  would  do  well  to  remember  that  there  is  much  to  be  lost,  and  nothing  gained,  by  making  invidious  selec selections,  tions, selections,  when  they  have  any  information  of  general  importance  to  bring  before  the  country.  When  publicity  is  sought,  the  intelligence  to  be  imparted,  should  be  as  widely  diffused  through  the  Press  as  possible.  When  an  individual  or  class  interest  is  to  be  served,  public  men  may  pursue  their  fancies,  and  take  grist  to  the  mill  of  their  favorite.  But,  where  the  law  is  to  be  sustained,  and  justice  upheld,  we  deny  the  existence  of  any  such  right  ;  and  we  put  it  to  our  readers,  if  the  conduct  of  the  Reporter  of  the  London  Times  was  highly  improper  and  how  much  more  so  was  that  of  Dr.  TAYLOR,  in  a  case  of  such  transcendant  impor importance  tance importance  to  an  individual,  and  interest  to  the  com community  munity community  at  large?  All  crown  and  public  news,  is  public  property,  and  the  stock-in-trade  of  the  Newspaper  Press.  And  no  Crown  employe,  or  public  officer,  can,  with  impunity,  give  to  one  journal  that  which  belongs  to  all;  and  so  filch  for  one  class  of  society,  that  which  belongs  equally  to  the  entire  community,  as,  perhaps,  Dr.  TAYLOR  and  all  who  act  on  his  principle,  will,  henceforth,  be  given  to  understand.  MARRIAGE  OF  LADY  JANE  FIELDING.—The  nuptials  of  this  lady  and  Captain  Levett  took  place  at  Monk's  Kirby  church  on  Thursday  last.  The  bridal  procession  con consisted  sisted consisted  of  twenty-seven  carriages.  After  the  solemn  ceremony  a  sumptuous  breakfast  was  provided  at  Newn Newnham  ham Newnham  Paddox,  the  seat  of  the  bride's  father.  ---.....,---  MEETING  OF  PARLIAMENT.—EarI  Granville,  Lord  President  of  the  Privy  Council,  will  give  a  Parliamentary  dinner  to  a  party  of  Peers  on  Wednesday,  the  30th  inst.  , STYLE=superscript  at  his  residence  in  Bruton-street.  This  is  the  usual  gathering  anterior  to  the  meeting  of  parliament,  which  is  to  assemble  on  the  following  day.  At  the  banquet  the  speech  from  the  throne:will  be  read,  and  among  the  guests  will  be:the  mover  and  seconderiof  the  address  in  answer  to  it.  CONVENTION  WITH  JAPAN.—The  Gazette  of  last  night  con contains  tains contains  a  copy  of  the  convention  between  her  Majesty  and  the  Emperor  of  Japan.  Under  this  convention,  the  ports  of  Nagaski  and  Hakendadi  shall  be  open  to  British  ships,  for  the  purposes  of  effecting  repairs,  and  obtaining  fresh  water,  provisions,  and  other  supplies  of  any  sort  they  may  absolutely  want  for  the  Only  ships  in  di,tress  from  weather,  or  unmanageable,  will  be  permitted  to  enter  other  ports.  In  the  ports  of  Japan  either  now  open,  or  which  may,  hereafter,  be  opened  to  the  ships  or  subjects  of  any  foreign  nation,  British  ships  and  subjects  shall  be  entitled  to  admission,  and  to  the  enjoyment  of  an  equality  of  advantage  3  with  those  of  the  most  favoured  nation,  always  excepting  the  advantages  accruing  to  the  Dutch  and  Chinese,  from  their  existing  relations  with  Japan.  THE  PEERAGE  OF  SIR  JAMES  PARKE.—The  elevation  to  the  peerage  of  Sir  James  Parke,  for  the  term  of  his  natural  life,  by  the  name,  style,  and  title  of  Baron  Wens Wensleydale,  leydale, Wensleydale,  of  Wensleydale,  in  the  North  Riding  of  the  County  of  is  the  first  instance,  at  least  in  modern  times,  of  the  creation  of  a  peerage  not  hereditary.  It  is  difficult  to  conceive  the  reasons  which  have  induced  the  noble  and  learned  lord  to  receive  this  qualified  honour.  He  has  no  sons  ;  and  as  the  uniform  modern  practice  is  to  limit,  in  the  patent,  the  descent  of  the  peerage  in  strict  settlement  the  heirs  of  the  body  of  the  first  the  peerage  which  has  just  been  conferred  upon  him  would,  to  all  intents  and  purposes,  have  been  a  peerage  for  the  term  of  his  natural  without  the  unusual  and  extraor extraordinary  dinary extraordinary  limitation  which  his  patent  contains.  The  question  which  has  thus  been  unnecessarily  raised,  is  one  of  great  constitutional  importance.  TROPHIES  FROM  THE  REDAN.-Mr.  John  Jacobs  has  now  on  view  a  very  curious  ring  taken  off  the  finger  of  one  of  the  Russians  who  fell  in  the  Redan,  also  a  fine  helmet  found  in  the  same  place.  They  have  been  brought  by  an  officer  in  the  56th,  who  is  now  in  Liverpool.  For  a  few  days  they  may  be  seen  in  the  window  of  Mr.  Jacob,  silversmith,  56  Church-street.  FACTS  FOR  CONSIDERATION.—Canada  is  rapidly  be becoming  coming becoming  more:independent  of  England.  Out  of  363,000  pounds  of  tea  imported  into  Canada  last  year,  only  66,000  came  by  way  of  sea.  the  remainder  through  the  United  States.  Of  £301,600  worth  of  sugar,  only  £245,000  came  by  sea.  Of  molasses,  only  £23,000  out  of  an  import  of  £40,000.  Of  coffee,  only  £5,900  out  of  an  import  of  £42,000.  DEATH  OF  CAPT.  ALBERT  H.  BROWN.—This  well  known  captain,  whose  skill  and  success  as  a  seaman  are  well  known,  died  at  the  residence  of  his  mother,  on  Bulfinch Bulfinchstreet,  street, Bulfinchstreet,  on  Saturday  morning.  When  a  lad  he  was  in  the  store  of  Messrs.  Loring  &amp;  Cunningham,  but  adopted  the  sea  as  a  profession  at  an  early  age,  which  he  has  since  followed.  He  was  in  his  48th  year.  For  ten  years  past  he  has  sailed  from  this  port  as  a  captain  of  one  of  Train's  line  of  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  packets.—Boston  Paper.  [Captain  Brown  was  well  known  and  highly  esteemed  by  a  large  number  of  friends  in  Liverpool.—En.  N.  T.]  FIRE  AT  PRESTON.—Ou  Monday  a  fire  broke  out  in  the  premises  of  Messrs.  Seed  and  Co.,  cotton  manufacturers,  Derby-street.  The  fire  originated  on  the  ground  floor,  where  cotton  bales  were  laid.  The  fire  made  such  progress  before  the  fire-engines  were  got  into  play  that  the  hands  had  to  be  extricated  through  the  windows.  They  got  to  the  ground  in  safety,  with  the  exception  of  one  young  man,  who  precipitated  himself  from  a  window,  with  the  intention  of  alighting  on  the  roof  of  an  adjoining  house;  but  he  failed  to  do  so,  and  fell  on  the  ground  and  sustained  concussion  of  the  brain,  from  which  he  is  not  expected  to  recover.  The  flames  were  subdued,  but  not  until  £l5O  of  damage  had  been  incurred.  _  _  DARING  :BURGLARY  AT  MANCHESTER.—On  Mond  a  y  morning  information  was  given  at  the  station  of  the  D.  di division  vision division  of  police,  Manchester,  that  the  house  of  Mr.  John  Doughty,  commercial  traveller,  Horsley-street,  yulme,  had  been  entered  about  two  o'clock  in  the  morning  by  burglars.  Mr.  Doughty  was  from  home,  and  Mrs.  Doughty  stated  that  sh  e  was  awo  k  e  b  y  som  e  p  erso  n  seizing  her  by  the  throat  as  she  lay  in  bed,  and  demanding  where  she  kept  her  money.  The  servant  girl  came  running  into  the  room  soon  afterwards,  with  her  hands  tied  behind  her  and  her  mouth  gagged.  Mrs.  Doughty  escaped  from  the  person  who  had  hold  of  her  after  a  struggle,  and  the  burglars  made  off,  but  not  before  they  had  secured  £6  9s.  6d.  in  money  from  one  of  her  dress  p  oc  k  ets.  She  had  a  watch  and  some  jewellery  in  the  room,  which  escaped  observation.  Superin Superintendent  tendent Superintendent  Taylor  of  the  D  division  of  police,  examined  the  premises,  and  from  circumstanc  es  which  came  to  his  know knowledge  ledge knowledge  in  the  course  of  his  investigation,  he  was  induced  to  apprehend  the  servant  girl  on  suspicion  of  being  an  accomplice  in  the  robbery.  The  rope  with  which  the  girl's  hands  had  been  tied  had  been  taken  from  the  kitchen,  and  the  gag  was  fastened  in  her  mouth  with  two  pieces  of  worsted  braid  that  had  been  in  the  house  about  a  fortnight.  The  servant,  Ann  Coulter,  had  been  in  the  house  about  three  months.  Since  she  was  apprehended,  two  pocket  handkerchiefs  have  been  discovered  at  her  mother's  which  are  the  property  of  her  mistress."
