text
"INDIA  AND  CHINA.  THE  OVERLAND  MAIL.  (From  our  Second  Edition  of  Yesterday.)  The  letters  have  arrived.  murderer  has  been  executed.  Colonel  Mackeson's  The  frontier  was  comparatively  tranquil.  There  is  nothing  new  from  Burmah.  •CALCUTTA,  OCT.  18th.  No  commercial  report  owing  to  holidays.  The  prospects  of  cotton  goods  market  had  im improved  proved improved  ;  fears  of  bad  crops  dispelled.  Freights  lower;  more  ships  offering  ;  this  with  encouraging  advices  of  colonial  produce  received  by  the  Bombay  will  give  an  impulse  to  exports.  Probable  extent  of  indigo  crops  estimated  at  105,000  to  108,000.  Quality  superior  to  late  years.  BOMBAY.  Money  easy.—lmport  business  very  limited.  Greater  activity  expected  after  holidays  than  has  of  late  existed.  Metals  steady.  Cotton  lower.  Freights-12  12s.  for  vessels  commencing  loading,  and  £2  15s.  for  vessels  nearly  ready  for  sailing  to  London  and  Liverpool.  Shanghai  had  been  taken  almost  without  resis resistance  tance resistance  on  the  7th  September,  and  risings  were  expected  in  other  places  in  the  district.  The  rebels  hold  Amoy.  Canton  was  threatened  and  will  probably  change  hands  beftre  the  dis dispatch  patch dispatch  of  the  next  mail.  The  Tartar  invasion  of  China  begins  to  be  talked  of.  H.  M.  steamer  Hermes  was  ordered  to  bring  down  the  survivors  of  the  wrecked  ship,  Lady  Evelyn,  bound  to  California.  There  were  twenty  six  Chinese  and  six  Europeans  ;  about  240  perished.  Trade  in  China  still  depressed.  EGYPT.—ALEXANDRIA,  19TH.  Grain  had  fallen  and  risen  Bs.  to  10s.  a  quarter,  and  prices  wore  on  the  rise,  in  consequence  of  exports  being  limited.  Freights,  13s.  Exchange,  100.  ADDITIONAL  PARTICULARS.  We  have  received  our  dispatches  from  India  and  China  by  the  Overland  Mail.  The  dates  are—Cal are—Calcutta,  cutta, are—Calcutta,  Oct.  20  ;  Madras,  24;  Hong-Kong,  11;  Sin Singapore,  gapore, Singapore,  18  ;  Bombay,  28  ;  and  Burmah,  8.  The  following  is  the  summary  of  the  Bombay  Times  :  We  are  in  the  receipt  of  intelligence  from  Bur Burmah  mah Burmah  up  to  the  Bth  instant,  and  although  there  is  not  much  iu  the  shape  of  news  to  be  detailed,  yet  the  atrocities  by  the  dacoits  had  not  diminished.  It  is  supposed  by  those  most  capable  of  forming  a  correct  judgment,  that  as  soon  as  the  waters  of  the  Irrawaddy  fall,  the  Burmese  will  take  advantage  of  the  subsidence  and  attack  us  in  force.  The  real  ruler  at  Ava  is  the  prime  minister,  the  brother  of  the  King,  and  neither  he  nor  his  party  make,  it  is  said,  any  disguise  of  their  hostile  intentions.  One  of  the  causes  alleged  for  the  immense  increase  of  dacoits  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Pegu  is,  that  the  last  harvest  of  the  ryots  was  not  gathered  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  our  presence,  and  that  therefore  these  poor  people  have  been  driven  ex  necessitate  to  plun plunder.  der. plunder.  It  is  a  pity  if  such  be  the  case,  but  it  is  cheer cheering  ing cheering  to  know  that  next  season  will  remedy  it.  The  two  Jesuits  who  were  associated  with  the  Burmese  commissioners  in  the  conferences  held  atProme  for  the  signing  of  the  treaty  have  arrived  at  Rangoon.  Their  statements  confirm  all  that  has  been  hitherto  alleged  regarding  matters  at  Ava.  The  King  is  surrounde  by  a  war  party,  so  powerful  as  to  de deprive  prive deprive  him  of  independent  action,  and  a  tacit  consent  has  been  wrung  from  him  to  permit  hostilities  to  be  renewed  with  us  ;  consequently  warlike  prepa preparations  rations preparations  are  being  carried  on  extensively  at  Ava,  and  December  or'January  next  is  the  period  fixed  upon  to  attack  us.  The  ministers  state  that  by  that  time  the  Irrawaddy  will  be  too  low  to  admit  of  large  steamers  navigating  it,  and  that  without  their  aid  the  British  forces  cannot  cope  with  the  Burmese.  Sir  John  Cheape  will  evidently  soon  have  an  oppor opportunity  tunity opportunity  of  distinguishing  himself.  The  French  cap captain,  tain, captain,  D'Oorguny,  is  still  employed  drilling  the  Burmese.  Latest  accounts  mention  that  a  serious  disturbance  has  broken  out  in  the  gaol  at  Ran Rangoon,  goon, Rangoon,  but  particulars  have  not  yet  been  received.  The  murderer  of  Colonel  Mackeson  was  hung  at  Peshawur  on  the  Ist  inst.,  and  his  body  afterwards  burned,  the  ashes  being  thrown  into  a  dirty  water watercourse.  course. watercourse.  The  murderer  himself  remained  silent,  has  implicated  no  one,  and  laughed  and  joked  with  his  guards  to  the  latest  moment  of  his  life.  Matters  on  our  north-west  frontier  still  continue  portentous,  and  troops  have  been  moved  to  Pe Peshawur;  shawur; Peshawur;  there  has,  however,  been  as  yet  no  open  demonstration,  but  the  want  of  organisation,  and  of  a  leader  whom  they  all  can  recognise,  alone  form  the  grave  objections  to  the  hill  tribes  taking  the  initiative.  Reports  of  an  intended  disturbance  were  rife  at  Rawul  Pindee,  and  great  fears  seem  to  have  been  entertained  of  an  outbreak  ;  of  course  the  plunder  of  the  cantonment  was  the  fons  et  origo  of  the  intended  incursion,  but  the  capture  of  Nadir  Khan,  the  leader  of  the  insurgents,  reassured  the  timid,  and  convinced  them  that  there  was  nothing  to  fear,  and  as  troops  have  since  been  withdrawn  from  the  cantonments,  we  may  reasonably  con conclude  clude conclude  that  all  is  quiet,  at  least  for  the  present.  It  is  said,  however,  that  the  Governor-General  has  expressed  himself  very  warmly  regarding  the  mea  sures  adopted  in  the  north-west,  whiCh  he  con considers  siders considers  to  have  excited  needless  alarm,  and  that  he  has  administered  a  to  the  authorities  of  Peshawur.  Mr.  John  Colvin,  late  judge  of  the  Sudder  Adaw Adawlut  lut Adawlut  and  commissioner  for  the  Tenasserim  provinces,  has  been  appointed  lieutenant-governor  of  the  north  west  provinces,  in  the  place  of  the  late  Mr.  Thomason.  Some  disturbances  have  taken  place  in  Allyghur,  Moradabad,  &amp;c.  &amp;c.,  attended  with  slight  loss  of  life.  The  intelligence  of  the  death  of  Sir  Charles  Napier  has  been  received  with  general  sorrow  in  India,  although  from  previous  reports  all  were  prepared  for  the  sad  announcement;  a  spe special  cial special  meeting  has  been  hell  at  Kurrachee,  presided  over  by  Mr.  Frere,  the  commissioner  in  Scinde,  for  the  purpose  of  taking  into  consideration  the  best  means  of  recording  the  estimation  in  which  the  late  general  was  held.  Her  Majesty's  Bth  regi  •  ment  has  been  traucferred  to  the  Bengal  establish establishlishment,  lishment, establishlishment,  and  ordered  to  proceed  to  Agra.  The  troops  of  the  horse  artillery  hare,  been  ordered  to  stand  fast  until  next  year,  so  that  the  reiiek..,  ordered  by  Sir  Frederick  Fitzclarence  will  not  take  plite,o  in  this  particular  branch  of  the  service.  There  is  also  a  rumour  that  her  Majesty's  64th  foot  is  to  Proceed  to  Peshawur.  His  excellency  the  commander-in-chief  holds  his  military  camp  at  Poena,  ala  Chobham,  next  month.  The  new  mer mercantile  cantile mercantile  bank  gets  on  flourishingly.  Meer  Jaffer  Ali  Khan,  son-in-law  of  the  late  Nawab  of  Surat,  goes  to  England  this  day  to  support  his  claims  against  an  alleged  unjust  division  of  the  property  of  the  late  Nawab  of  Surat.  Trade  is  slack,  but  the  money  market  is  easy.  THE  WAR  IN  BURMAH.  Our  correspondent  writes  on  the  ono-  •  It  is  i  taw  Bang  of  Burmah  had  pu  vfo  - STYLE=superscript  death,  and  his  eldest  son  placed  in  durance—they  being  all  for  war  with  us  ;  and  that  the  younger  son,  a  man  of  peace,  had  been  placed  on  the  throne.  These  reports  do  not  seem  to  be  worth  much  either  way.  The  country  continued  to  be  overrun  with  dacoits,  and  the  people  oppres oppressed  sed oppressed  thereby  to  desperation.  Of  the  150  prisoners  who  escaped  from  the  gaol  at  Kyoung,  near  Ran Rangoon,  goon, Rangoon,  some  one  third  had  been  retaken.  Daring  attempts  at  robbery  had  been  made  in  Rangoon  ;  and  executions  of  dacoits  were  of  frequent  occur occurrence.  rence. occurrence.  Nearly  the  whole  of  Prome  had  been  inundated  by  the  river,  and  boats  had  to  be  used  for  several  days.  The  pay  of  the  troops  was  much  in  arrear  at  Prome,  and  loud  complaints  were  being  made.  Lieut,  Miasey  had  quite  recovered  from  his  wounds.  The  Rangoon  Chronicle  of  the  Bth  inst.  says  ;  The  burden  of  the  intelligence  from  the  stations  up  the  river,  brought  by  the  Nerbuddah,  is  still  the  dacoits.  The  village  of  Thako,  between  Myeeaday  and  Promo,  was  attacked  and  plundered  by  these  marauding  villains;  whereupon  Sir  John  Cheap  detached  a  company  of  her  majesty's  51st  L.  1.,  and  two  companies  of  the  35th  Madras  N.  1.,  to  its  protection.  They  were  conveyed  up  there  by  the  Damoodah,  which  seems  to  have  had  some  active  work  cut  for  her  during  the  past  month,  having  made  three  trips  to  Myeeaday  since  the  14th  of  last  month.  This  account  proceeds  to  detail  the  dispositions  for  the  attack—the  fight  and  the  route  of  the  dacoits,  and  execution  of  their  leader.  We  have  heard  of  a  gallant  affair  between  a  cutter  of  the  Enterprise,  under  midshipman  Rean,  and  five  loungs  of  dacoits.  The  steamer  Queen  has  returned  from  the  Per Persian  sian Persian  Gulf,  but  nothing  in  the  shape  of  news  seems  to  have  been  received  by  her.  Something  of  importance  was,  I  am  told,  looked  for  by  the  Persian  community  here,  as  to  the  attitude  the  Shah  would  assume  in  the  event  of  Russia  actually  declaring  war  against  Turkey.  One  of  their  num number  ber number  remarked  to  a  European  gentleman,  to  whom  he  was  talking  It  is  all  well  for  the  Padishah  to  pretend  to  side  with  Russia;  but,  as  a  Mahom Mahometan,  etan, Mahometan,  he  dare  not  fight  against  Mahometans,  and  if  war  does  break  out  the  Persians  will,  as  a  matter  of  course,  be  found  on  the  side  of  the"
