text
"and  resolution,  with  its  recommendatio'  ed,without  discussion  ..“u  from  the  inhabitants  of  Newby Newbymt-road,  mt-road, Newbymt-road,  complaining  of  want  of  sewerage  ani  aemonal  was  re  Town  Clerk  stated  that  this  the  road  was  within  the  bor  was  a  case  in  which  a;  part  of  Ir.  Gar  -  part  moved  that  the  memorial  be  referred  to  outs STYLE=superscript  the  Ith  committees,  and,  in  doing  80,  remarked  - STYLE=superscript  e  showed  the  importance  and  necessity  of  the  boundary,  which,  he  hoped,  would  ultimately  take  place,  when  all  the  townships,  within  a  certain  extent,  would  be  under  one  head,  and  every  town township  ship township  would  bear  its  due  proportion  of  the  expenses.  Mr.  Tinne  opposed  the  memorial  being  referred,  and  a  division  took  place,  when  Mr.  Gardner's  motion  was  carried  be  fourteen  to  ten.  tell  and  an  extension  of  The  amount  of  expenses  for  sessions'  prosecutions,  amounting  to  £2,80519  .  i  4d,  was  laid  before  the  council,  and  certified  The  council  then  broke  up.  COURT  OF  PASSAGE.---YESTERDAY.  (BEFORE  E.  JAMES,  EEQ,  ,  ASSESSOR.)  CONTRACT.  E.OONEY  v.  HUTCHIPON.—ID.  this  ease,  Gorge  Patrick  Rooney,  a  join  r  and  builder,  carrying  on  business  in  Upper  Parliament-street,  was  the  plaintiff,  and  Richard  Hutchinson,  a  surgeon,  residing  in  Upper  Stanhope  street,  was  the  defendant,  It  was  a  special  jury  case,  and  the  action  was  brought  under  the  following  circumstances.  On  the  1  Rh  of  May  last  the  plaintiff  and  defendant  entered  into  a  contract,  under  which  the  former  undertook  to  build  a  house  and  offices  for  the  latter,  at  the  corner  of  Catherine Catherines:reet  s:reet Catherines:reet  and  Parliament-street,  according  to  the  plans  and  designs  of  Mr.  T.  C.  Clarke,  the  architect,  in  a  workmanlike  manner,  within  the  period  of  six  months.  The  work  was  begun,  and  in  August  last,  in  consequence  of  the  delay  which  took  place  in  i:s  progress,  the  defendant  wrote'to  the  plaintiff,  stating  that,  in  consequence  of  the  delay  s  he  would  set  men  to  work  and  complete  it  himself,  as  he  was  entitled  to  do  under  the  contract;  and  giving  notice,  that  if  his  doing  so  should  increase  the  cost  of  the  erection  beyond  th  6  amount  of  the  plaintiff's  contract,  he  should  hold  him  (the  plaintiff)  responsible  tor  the  difference.  The  defendant  acted  on  this  notice,  proceeded  with  the  works,  and  the  plaintiff  now  brought  this  action  to  recover  compensa compensation  tion compensation  for  breach  of  contract.  On  his  behalf  numerous  witnesses  were  called,  to  show  that  no  delay  had  occurred,  except  such  as  was  unavoidable,  in  consequence  of  the  orders  of  the  defen defendant  dant defendant  or  his  architect.  The  amount  expended  by  the  plaintiff  in  part  fulfilment  of  his  undertaking  was  £294,  in  labour  and  material,  when  the  contract  was  interrupted  by  the  act  of  the  defendant,  A  host  of  witnesses  were  examined  for  the  defence,  whose  evidence  went  to  show  that  owing  to  the  inexperience,  inefficiency  and  neglect  of  the  plaintiff,  works  which  ought  to  have  been  completed  in  a  few  days,  had  taken  many  weeks.  And  that  such  was  the  dilatoriness  of  the  plaintiff,  that  instead  of  the  house  being  finished  in  six  months,  as  contracted  for,  it  would  have  taken  eighteen  months  to  complete  it.  The  real  question  at  issue  however,  was  whether  there  h  a  d  b  een  such  a  delay  as  to  justify  the  defendant  in  taking,  as  he  had,  the  works  into  his  own  hands  ?  The  learned  assessor  summed  up  the  evidence  to  the  jury,  who,  after  an  hour's  deliberation,  returned  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff  for  the  full  amount  claimed.  Mr.  Aspinall  and  Mr.  Conway,  (instructed  by  Mr.  J.  Yates,  jun.)  appeared  as  counsel  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Tindal  Atkinson,  with  whom  was  M-.  Scott  (instructed  by  Mr.  Boggie)  conducted  the  defence.  FALSE  IMPRISONMENT.--iIAYWORTH  AND  WIFE  If.  WATSON  AND  WIFE.  --This  was  an  action  brought  by  the  plaintiffs,  Edward  and  Mary  Hayworth,  againt  Thomas  and  Mary  Ann  Watson,  to  recover  compensation  for  false  imprisonment.  In  this  case  the  plaintiff  was  an  iron  founder,  working  at  the  Vauxhall  Foundry,  and  the  defendant  was  a  rigger.  On  the  30th  of  July  a  dispute  arose  between  the  two  women  relative  to  a  dog,  when  the  defendant  took  a  policeman  to  the  plaintiff's  house,  and  gave  her  into  custody  on  a  charge  of  stealing  the  dog.  She  was  taken  to  the  police  station,  where  the  case  was  heard  and  dismissed.  This  action  was  brougnt  compensation  for  such  false  imprisonment.  is  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  A  , STYLE=superscript  pinall  for  the  The  jury  gave  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff,  to  recover  Mr.  Scott  w"
