text
"THE  GOVERNOR  OF  GIBRALTAR.  DEPUTATION  TO  THE  COLONIAL  SECRETARY.  Yesterday  a  deputation,  consisting  of  the  merchants  and  inhabitants  of  Gibraltar,  and  a  number  of  gentlemen  con connected  nected connected  with  the  Manchester  trade,  waited  upon  the  Duke  of  Newcastle  at  the  Colonial-office,  in  order  to  present  to  his  grace  several  memorials  respecting  certain  recent  acts  of  the  Governor  of  Gibraltar,  Sir  Robert  Gardiner.  The  deputies  from  Gibraltar,  Mr.  William  Carver  and  Mr.  John  Peacock,  were  introduced  by  Mr.  Bright,  M.P.,  and  accompanied  by  Mr.  J.  B.  Smith,  M.P.,  Mr.  G.  B.  Carr,  Mr.  J.  Aspinall  Turner,  president  of  the  commercial  association,  Manchester,  Mr.  Henry  Ashworth,  vice-president  of  the  chamber  of  commerce  ;  Mr.  John  Slang,  director  of  the  chamber  of  com commerce  merce commerce  ;  Mr.  Mosley,  Mr.  Fred.  Jackson,  Mr.  David  E.  Power,  Mr.  John  Ingram  Travers,  and  Mr.  Charles  Blake.  The'grievances  complained  of  mainly  resolved  themselves  into  four  articles.  First,  that  the  governor  unauthoriscdly,  unconstitutionally,  and  in  direct  violation  of  the  express  words  of  the  orders  in  council  has  ordered  duties  to  be  levied  upon  wines  in  the  port  of  Gibraltar,  without  warrant  in  law  ;  and  that  he  has  imposed  arbitary  res  trictions  upon  the  removal  of  wines,  and  spirits  afloat,  incompatible  with  the  perfect  freedom  of  the  port.  Secondly,  that  he  has  imposed  arbitrary  restrictions  upon  the  egress  from  Gibraltar  of  vessels  lawfully  engageol  in  trade  ;  and  in  the  pursuit  of  an  impracticable  policy,  which  he  describes  as  licit  trade,  free  as  (which,  however,  in  reality,  is  fettered  by  the  Spanish  laws  with  wholly  pro prohibitory  hibitory prohibitory  duties,  as  regards  British  goods)  the  governor  has  issued  orders  which  interpose  unnecessary  and  vexatious  im impediments  pediments impediments  in  the  way  of  transacting  the  legitimate  commerce  of  the  port.  Thirdly—That  the  governor,  as  president  of  the  board  of  health,  in  friendly  concurrence  with  the  Spanish  authorities,  decided  upon  a  quarantine  of  eight  days  obser observation,  vation, observation,  upon  all  vessels  arriving  at  Gibralter  from  England,  after  the  14th  of  October.  Eight  days  afterwards  he  pre precipitately,  cipitately, precipitately,  and  without  any  notice,  removed  all  quarantine,  and  provoked  the  Spanish  authorities,  in  pure  self-defence,  to  place  vessels  from  Gibraltar  under  a  quarantine  of  eight  days'  observation,  instead  of  allowing  them  free  communica communication  tion communication  as  heretofore.  The  order  of  the  board  of  health  at  Al AlhavinS  havinS AlhavinS  been  at  one STYLE=superscript  carried  into  effect,  to  tho-erowe  prejudice  of  the  trade,  and  the  comfort  or  tai,  I.l.,,bitauts  of  the  port  of  Gibraltar,  the  governor,  without  any  motive  which  can  be  fathomed,  crowned  these  proceedings  by  cutting  off  the  land  communication  with  Spain,  thereby  preventing  the  introduction  of  provisions  and  supplies  into  the  garrison  and  city,  through  that  channel,  and  reducing  the  poorer  classes  of  Gibraltar  to  the  deepest  distress.  Fourthly,—He  has  interfered  with  the  inalienable  right  of  British  subjects,  to  assemble  peaceably  to  discuss  their  wants  and  grievances,  having  prohibited  the  inhabitants  from  meeting  even  in  their  public  Exchange-rooms,  to  memorialise  her  Majesty's  Secre Secretary  tary Secretary  of  State.  The  memorialists  therefore  prayed  for  the  removal  of  all  the  recent  restrictions  on  the  transit  trade  of  the  port,  equal  commercial  freedom  with  that  enjoyed  by  the  people  of  England,  protection,  against  the  governor's  vexatious  and  harassing  interference  with  the  trade  he  is  bound  to  protect,  that  the  operation  of  the  orders  in  council,  relating  to  revenue  now  in  force,  may  be  confined,  as  heretofore,  to  the  city,  garrison,  and  territory,  and  not  extended  unauthorisedly  to  the  port  of  Gibraltar  ;  and  that  the  entire  freedom  of  the  port  may  be  maintained  inviolate.  They  also  prayed  his  grace  to  appoint  a  commission,  with  ample  powers  to  inquire  into  and  revise  completely  the  existing  laws  of  Gibraltar  ;  to  in inquire  quire inquire  into  the  state  of  the  public  receipts  and  expenditure  of  the  colony,  with  a  view  to  the  immediate  and  permanent  reduction  of  the  unnecessary  expenses  of  the  local  govern government  ment government  ;  and  to  report  to  his  grace  upon  the  necessity  of  the  appointment  of  a  consultative  council,  to  assist  in  preparing  all  laws  and  matters  connected  with  the  public  revenue  and  the  trade  of  Gibraltar.  London  Cum:ms.—The  greatest  inconvenience  con continues  tinues continues  to  be  experienced  from  a  paucity  of  landing  waiters  in  the  port  of  London,  and  the  consequent  want  of  facilities  experienced  by  importers  still  occasions  great  loss  and  annoy annoyance.  ance. annoyance.  It  appears  that  every  person  whom  it  is  possible  to  make  available  has  been  pressed  into  the  landing  duty,  and  that  large  numbers  of  inferior  officers  are  thus  employed,  the  pressure  is  so  great  that  the  customs  are  obliged  to  give  up  the  weighing  of  some  goods  altogether,  and  to  obtain  the  accounts  in  the  best  way  they  can.  SAVAGE  ASSAULT  ON  THE  POLICE.  —On  Tuesday,  John  Irayber,  Thomas  •  Swift,  John  M'Lennon  and  Samuel  Frodsman,  were  charged  at  the  Manchester  city  police-court,  with  having  committed  an  assault  upon  two  officers  of  the  police,  named  Harper  and  Howell.  It  was  stated  that  about  one  o'clock  in  the  morning,  tho  officer  on  duty  in  Poland-street,  Oldham-road,  saw  a  crowd  of  twelve  or  fourteen  men  standing  at  the  corner  of  the  street,  and  apprehensive  that  they  meditated  a  robbery  he  kept  his  eye  upon  them.  He  was  joined  by  another  officer,  and  as  they  passed  the  crowd  at  the  corner  of  George  Leigh Leighstreet,  street, Leighstreet,  they  were  set  upon  by  the  party,  who  kicked  them,  knocked  them  down,  and  severely  wounded  them  about  the  head  and  face.  AU  the  prisoners  were  identified  as  being  participators  in  the  assault,  and  were  committed  to  the  sessions.  THE  MAIL  PACKETS.—SOUTHAMPTON,  WEDNESDAY.—  The  Calcutta  steam-ship,  commanded  by  Captain  John  Goodall,  and  belonging  to  the  General  Screw  Company,  left  this  afternoon  for  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope,  Mauritius,  Cey Ceylon,  lon, Ceylon,  and  Madras,  touching  at  Cape  de  Verds  and  Ascension,  calling  en  route  at  Plymonth  for  the  mails.  She  takes  a  large  and  valuable  cargo  of  general  merchandise,  and  £40,670  specie,  as  follows  :—X28,200,  gold,  Mauritius  ;  £5,470,  silver,  Madras  ;  £7,000,  gold,  Ceylon.  As  a  proof  of  the  facilities  that  Southampton  offers  as  a  port  for  load loading  ing loading  and  departure  for  steamers,  this  ship's  loading  may  be  quoted.  All  her  cargo  for  seven  different  ports,  under  the  able  superintendence  of  Mr.  H.  J.  Smith,  was  shipped  in  little  more  than  twelve  hours  ;  and  the  dispatches  relating  thereto,  consisting  of  some  two  or  three  hundred  sets  of  bills  of  lading,  were  completed  and  in  the  hands  of  the  mer merchants  chants merchants  by  noon,  giving  only  60  hours  from  the  time  of  com commencing  mencing commencing  to  the  time  of  finishing  the  loading  of  cargo  (inde (independent  pendent (independent  of  some  150  tons  of  stores)  and  making  up  the  ac accounts  counts accounts  of  a  steamer  of  1,800  tons  register.  She  will  have  from  80  to  90  first-class  cabin  passengers,  amongst  whom  are  the  Bishops  of  Natal  and  Cape  Town  and  their  suites.  STEALING  HAIR  FROM  AN  EMPLOYER.—A  young  boy,  named  John  Carbine,  was  placed  in  the  dock  on  a  charge  of  having  stolen  from  his  employer,  Mr.  Brocklehurst,  curled  hair  manufacturer,  a  quantity  of  foreign  and  English  horse horsehair.  hair. horsehair.  The  employer  in  this  case  obtained  information  that  a  quantity  of  foreign  hair  had  been  offered  for  sale  at  a  marine  store  dealer's,  and  that  it  had  afterwards  been  bought  by  another  party.  Upon  this  he  made  inquiry,  and  soon  ascertained  that  some  one  was  stealing  hair  from  his  premises.  A  watch  was  set,  and  the  prisoner  was  caught  with  hair  in  his  possession,  and  it  appeared  that  he  had  been  the  instrument  of  employing  another  boy  to  sell  the  hair,  which  was  a  valuable  article,  some  of  the  qualities  being  worth  as  much  as  3s.  6d.  per  lb.  The  prisoner,  in  reply  to  questions  put  from  the  bench,  stated  that  his  father  was  dead,  that  his  mother  lived  in  London,  that  he  lived  with  his  sister  in  Back  Turner-street,  and  that  he  had  been  brought  up  at  the  Swinton  schools.  He  had  been  put  apprentice  to  a  Mr.  Fullalove,  a  tailor,  from  whose  employment  he  ran  away  twice.  Mr.  Brocklehurst,  his  present  employer,  said  he  had  recently  made  inquiry  into  the  boy's  character,  and  had  re received  ceived received  a  very  unfavourable  account  of  him.  The  depositions  under  the  juvenile  offenders  act,  were  in  the  meantime  ordered  to  be  taken,  and  the  case  was  remanded  till  this  day,  IRELAND.-,  [FROX  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONi4.44  . STYLE=superscript  DUBLI  TTIURSDAY.  .  Mrs.  Latham  Blacker  died  yeiterklay,  at  the  Rugsbridge  Hotel  from  the  effects  se  4  L,  received  at  the  fatal  Straffan  accidetZ  A  faction  fight  took  place  at  Mooi  mon,  on  Friday,  at  which  some  severe  were  given  and  received.  Several  parties  were  taken  into  custody.  A  curious  case  occupies  the  Court  of  Common  Pleas  at  present.  It  is  an  issue  from  chanCery,  arising  [from  a  suit  instituted  by  a  lady  claiining  her  share  of  the  effects  of  the  late  Captain  Ivory  Brown  King,  as  his  widow.  Her  marriage  is,  how however,  ever, however,  disputed  by  the  heir-at-law,  on  the  ground  that  Captain  King  was  insane  when  he  married  the  plaintiff.  The  case  excited  additional  interest  from  the  examination  of  the  plaintiff,  who  was  altogether  over  six  hours  in  the  witness  box,  where  she  evinced  the  greatest  collectedness.  In  one  instance  answering  a  question  put  rather  sharply  by  the  attorney-general,  in  reference  to  the  deceased  she  completely  turned  the  tables,  by  shedding  a  few  tears  and  Can't  you  leave  my  poor  husband  alone  and  let  his  bones  rest.  The  Lord  be  praised,  he's  now  in  a  place  where  there  are  no  case  still  proceeds,  the  amount  of  personal  property  concerned  is  about  .7,000  The  Exhibition  building  is  to  be  opened  for  a  winter  garden  and  promenade  for  the  first  time  to-day.  The  viceregal  party  will  be  present,  and  six  military  bands  will  attend.  A  few  very  obscure  individuals  are  about  to  get  up  a  banquet  in  Dublin,  to  commemorate  John  Mitchell's  escape.  Monday  evening  is  fixed  for  the  event,  when  we  may  expect  plenty  of  Apropos  to  this,  I  may  mention  that  it  is  well wellknown  known wellknown  here,  that  your  convenient  city  of  Liverpool  has,  within  the  last  twelve  months,  been  favoured  with  more  than  one  visit,  under  the  rose,  from  banished  young  s„  Irelander  _  _  RtseoNism  -Several  additional  outrages  have  been  reported  from  the  north.  A  shot  was  some  days  ago  fired  into  the  residence  of  the  Rev.  Mr.  Rossborough,  of  Rathfriland,  fortunately  without  doing  any  damage.  A  reward  has  been  offered  for  the  discovery  of  the  offender.  Three  or  four  accounts  of  waylaying  and  beating  have  also  come  to  hand,  and  some  arms  have  been  seized  by  the  constabulary  in  the  proclaimed  districts.  A  SCENE  IN  COURT.  On  Tuesday,  in  the  Court  of  Exchequer,  a  scene  occurred  which  cannot  be  very  pleasing  to  the  Lord  Chief  Baron.  In  the  case  of  'Tuthill  v.  Gabbett,  Mr.  Whiteside,  Q.C.,  asked  a  witness,  named  Wallace,  a  question  in  reference  to  the  handwriting  of  one  of  the  parties,  whereupon  The  Chief  Baron  ruled,  on  an  objection  made  by  the  counsel  for  the  plaintiff,  that  the  question  was  not  admissible,  but  expressed  his  willingness  to  take  a  note  of  it.  Mr.  Whiteside  contended  that  it  was  clearly  ad admissible,  missible, admissible,  and  said,  if  his  lordship  persisted  in  his  ruling,  he  could  not  proceed  with  the  defence  of  his  clients.  The  Chief  Baron  :  I  will  not  allow  the  question  to  be  put.  Mr.  Fitzgibbon  . STYLE=superscript  As  many  years  as  I  hare  had  the  honor  of  pleading  in  these  courts,  I  have  never  known  such  a  question  to  be  objected  to.  It  is  clearly  admissible  according  to  law  ;  and  it  will  be  quite  useless  for  me  to  hold  my  brief  in  this  case  any  longer,  if  the  court  is  of  opinion  that  such  a  question  cannot  be  put.  The  Chief  Baron  :  I  have  taken  a  note  of  your  objection,  and  I  will  do  no  more.  Mr.  Whiteside  :  Then,  my  lord,  we  cannot  carry  on  our  defence,  and  must  throw  up  our  briefs.  Mr.  Whiteside,  Q.C.  ;  Mr.  Fitzgibbon,  Q.C.  ;  and  Mr.  Richard  Armstrong,  counsel  for  the  defendants,  then  retired  from  the  bar,  and  were  on  the  point  of  leaving  the  court,  when  Mr.  O'Hagan,  Q.C.,  withdrew  his  objection,  and  these  gentlemen  accordingly  returned.  In  the  assault  case,  in  which  a  priest,  named  Foy,  was  plaintiff,  and  a  Presbyterian  clergyman,  defendant,  the  jury  returned  a  verdict  for  the  former,  £5O  damages.  In  the  Incumbered  Estates  Court,  a  small  por portion  tion portion  of  Sir  John  Carden's  property  in  the  county  Tipperary,  was  sold,  and  brought  27  years'  pur purchase.  chase. purchase.  A  house  fell  in  Bride's-alley,  in  Dublin,  yes yesterday,  terday, yesterday,  and  killed  a  woman,  who  was  sleeping  in  it.  A  man  was  waylaid  a  few  nights  ago  near  Lough Loughrea,  rea, Loughrea,  county  Galway,  and  beaten  so  that  he  died.  A  party  has  been  arrested  charged  with  the  murder.  The  Tenant  League  has  had  a  meeting,  at  which  Messrs.  Cantwell,  Gray,  Lucas,  Duffy,  and  O'Bren O'Brennan  nan O'Brennan  (of  un-tract-able  memory)  spoke.  There  was  nothing  beyond  the  usual  hacknied  topics,  John  O'Connell  coming  in  for  copious  abuse  be besides.  sides. besides.  The  bridge  at  Dunkitt,  near  Waterford,  on  the  line  of  the  Waterford  and  Kilkenny  railway,  is  nearly  completed.  THE  BELFAST  AND  BALLYMENA  AND  PORTReSH  Ex-  TENSION  LINE.—At  present,  a  large  number  of  men  are  busily  at  work  upon  various  portions  of  the  new  line  between  Ballymena  and  Portrush—about  1,500,  we  believe,  in  all.  Mr.  Edwards,  the  able  engineer  who  ,has  the  direction  of  the  works,  under  Mr.  Dargan,  has  just  made  a  full  inspection  of  them,  and  reports  satisfactorily;  and  as  speedily  as  hands  can  be  put  on  the  works  will  be  pressed  forward  without  delay.  We  may  consequently  reckon  that  in  the  course  of  next  autumn  the  line  will  be  opened  to  the  sea.—Belfast  Mercury.  There  has  been  an  extensive  seizure  of  distilling  materials,  and  illicit  spirits,  in  Belfast,  immediately  adjoining  the  terminus  of  the  Belfast  and  County  Down  Railway.  THE  FUNDS,  STOCK  AND  CLOSI  SHARE  MARKET,  LONDON  i  42-  PRICES.  December  15th,  1853.  London  and  N.  W  10.11  4  London  and  S.  W7B  9  Manchester,  Sheffield,  1k  Lincolnshire  24#  51  Midland  Stock  631  4  North  British  34  5  Do.  Preference  Norfolks  sf  1  North  Staffordshire  Shrewsbury  and  Birm.  Do.  L.  and  N.  W.  guar.  South  E.  and  Dover  63  4  York.  New.,  and  Ber  64  5  Do.  Extension  Do.  Preference  York  and  North  Mid  481  91  Do.  Preference  ..  FOREIGN  STOCKS.  Mexican  24i  Spanish  New  Deferred  46#  g  Do.  Passives  22/  Do.  Threes  4i  5  Russians  Do.  •  98a  LAND  SHARES.  Agricultural  45  7  North  B.  Australian  Peel  River  South  Australia  ENGLISH  MARKET.  Consols  Account  1  941  Do.  Money  J  Bank  Stock  ...  220  2  Exchequer  Bills,  L.  •  •  }  4  7  pm  Do  S.  Three  and  a  Quarter  per  cent.  96  4  RAILWAY  SHARES.  Ambergate,  Nottingham,  and  Eastein  Juncti  - STYLE=superscript  on  ..  5/  Caledonian  s6i  Do.  Preference..  ...  100  4  Bristol  and  Exeter  ..  East  Anglian  Eastern  Counties..  ln  East  Lancashire  1....  65  Eastern  Union,  A  Do  B.  h  C  Edinbro'  &amp;  Glasgow  Great  Northern  -84  i  53  Great  Western  834  4  Lancashire  &amp;  Yorkshire  671  8  Do.  Fifths  Leeds  Northern  l3}  London  Brighton  and  South  Coast  99&amp;  100  SHARE  MARKETS.  -YESTERDAY.  LIVERPOOL.—The  market  was  flat  all  day,  and  closed  heavily,  the  same  spirit  prevailing  all  day.  Caledonian,  281;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  681  c  k;  Leeds  Northern,  14  ;  London  and  North  Western,  104  c;  Midland,  64k  1;  North  British,  8.13.9;  South  Eastern  Stock,  19.3.9  Ic Ic-3-9  -3-9 Ic-3-9  1.  The  closing  prices  were  :—Caledonians,  28  1 STYLE=superscript  8  ;  Eastern  Counties,  131  ;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  68  ;  London  and  North  Western,  103/  4;  Midland,  64  1;  North  British,  81  A„  ;  South  Eastern,  19  k  ;  York  and  North,  24-k  ;  Sheffied  Stock,  251  •  MANCHESTER.—The  following  was  the  business  done:—Caledonian,  281  •  Cork,  Blackrock,  and  Passage,  x.d.  ;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  681  +  1;  London  and  North  Western,  103  1 STYLE=superscript  ;  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincoln,  25  1 STYLE=superscript  1  ;  Midland  Railway  Consols,  641  . STYLE=superscript  1;  South  Eastern,  19-  3-1  6.  DUBLlN.—Consols  for  account  9th  Jan.,  941;  31  per  cent.  Stock,  961  ;  Belfast  Junction  Railway,  45  paid,  46+  ;  Dublin  and  Bray,  15  paid,  91;  Dublin  and  Drogheda  new  Thirds,  25  paid,  21  d."
