text
"N  OF  THE  EZLFAST  wenina  11th  jannarv,  1866  FLAX:  During  the  past  week  the  supplies  In  tuc  markets  hare  been  good  ;  the  demand  brisk,  principally  for  the  better  qualities.  Prices  same  as  last  week.  In  Armatrh,  Cootehil',  Afonaghan,  Billcbav,  and  Tandragee.  about  120  tons  were  brought  to  market,  which  waq  bou  , STYLE=superscript  ht  at  prices  ranging  from  63  to  8s  for  handscutched,  and  7s  9.1  to  14s  for  milled  per  stone  of  161bs.  In  Magbera,  Cookstown,  Coleraine,  Kilrea,  and  Belfast,  about  70  tons  appeared,  for  wHch  there  was  a  good  demand,  and  prices  without  change.  tt  Derry,  of  flax  brought  to  market  was  mode modebeing  being modebeing  shown  there  and  in  country  he  supply  ate,  about  60  or  70  t  Strabane.  Pri  q  without  change,  and  quality,  for  the  part,  of  le  rune  .  YARNS  he  demand  for  yarns  during  the  week  has  been  .h  doing,  as  was  anticipated,  at  the  Some  anxious  sellers  of  wefts  have  r,  and  not  so  mucl  f  the  year.  conceded  lid  per  bun  LINENS  IN  COUNTRY  MA  esupply  in  eek.  er  than  on  prey  low  good,  and  a  consider-  At  Armagh,  At  average  supply,  a  good  demand,  and  prices  ,t  Lurgan,  there  was  a  large  supply  of  damasks  and  s;  a  dull  demand,  prices  having  a  downward  tendency.  y  changed  hand  prev;oas  rates  Igo  in  lawns,  ITIgH  AND  FOREIGN  rather  mo  )C.  £43  d  at  £46  per  tnn  ;  NIT.  £47  12-heads,  .£45  153;  Memel  350  10s;  R,  G,  £57.  No  d  prices  for  medium  t  in  the  demand  for  tow,  all  but  nominal,  for  want  of  sales.  At  Hull  there  is  a  little  more  inquiry,  which  has  not,  however,  led  to  much  business,  spinners  seeking  a  nerbiction  of  30s  per  ton  nn  present  quota quotat'ons  t'ons quotat'ons  of  £5O  for   M,  £4B  PLCM,  £47  PCM,  which  holders  are  not  inclined  to  accede  to.  For  two  months  past  s  been  little  variation  in  the  p  hat  pric,  ten  years  past.  h  of  mill-  Some  trials  been  only  -There  have  1  with  fl  ►a  of  coa  and  line  mulatin?,  and  ra  ows  are  manufacturers  exper  Scotch  Heavy"
