text
"COUNTY  COURT.-  Y  ESTERDAY.  ple  readyto  take  up  arms,  as  marauders  and  rebels,  against  the  peace  of  the  world.  Here  is  a  page  in  our  history  slightly  in  an-  ticipation  of  au  event  which  will  entail  indelible  disgrace  on  the  Englishman  who,  at  this  momen momentous  tous momentous  period,  will  be  found  subsidizing  the  foes  of  his  country,  now  rising  so  triumphantly  above  the  barbarism  of  the  Austrian  and  Russian  des despotisms.  potisms. despotisms.  We  are  fully  prepared  to•meet  the  plain  fact,  that  Englishmen  may  do  what  they  like  with  their  and  to  admit  the  strong  induceinent  which  the  prospect  of  remunerative  investment  for  capital  holds  out.  There  are  exceptions,  however,  to  both  the  right  of  the  subject,  and  to  the  neces necessities  sities necessities  of  the  capitalists.  The  former,  we  have  alreadyshown,  while  the  latter  can  only  be  met  by  examining  carefully  the  prospect  of  the  profit  sought  to  be  attained.  In  holding  up  to  the  world  statements  of  finance,  Austria  deals  largely  in  round  num numbers,  bers, numbers,  and  it  is  from  these  statements,  made  up  for  the  occasion,  that  we  have  to  draw  our  conclu conclusions.  sions. conclusions.  The  return  put  forth  by  the  London  Times,  though  meant  for  a  feeler,  is  not  very  encourage-  ing  The  mercantile  advices  from  Vienna,  of  the  7th  instant,  show  an  increase  of  financial  embarrassment  in  that  city.  The  lowest  rate  of  discount  for  the  best  bills  was  7  per  cent.,  and  the  Austrian  Bank  were  refused  three-fourths  of  those  offered.  The  rate  of  exchange  on  London  had  at  the  same  time  advanced  from  10.50  to  11.  It  is  remarked  that,  not notwithstanding  withstanding notwithstanding  the  gloomy  appearance  of  affairs,  their  termi termination  nation termination  in  war  was  still  disbelieved.  The  following  return  from  the  bank  for  the  quarter  just  ended,  shows  that  its  po position  sition position  has  not  improved  :  July,  August.  September.  Silver  Florins  44,741,063  44,677,652  44,577,887  Notes  in  circu-  lation  191,194,953  191,932,652  192,554,231  Billsdiseounted  48,582,208  51,225,229  54,480,088  Advances  on  Government  Funds  20,062,500  20,566,600  21,813,400  Ditto  to  Go-  vernment  124,693,886  124,693,886  123,202,288  The  records  of  our  Bankruptcy  •  Court  will  scarcely  supply  a  more  extravagant  case  of  over overtrading  trading overtrading  and  without  capital  or  a  prospect  of  meeting  engagements.  Forty  four  millions  of  florins,  or  say  £4,500,000  English,  is  the  actual  cash-in-hand  of  a  .  state,  with  nearly  as  many  millions  of  inhabitants,  and  a  standing  army  of  upwards  of  500,000  men,  a  prodigal  court,  an  extravagant  government,  and  a  voluptuous  aris aristocracy.  tocracy. aristocracy.  What  an  exhibition  of  rottenness  and  instability  will  the  capitalist,.  who  advances  his  money,  have  here  to  deal  with  !  The  whole  44,000,000  florins,  if  distributed  amongst  the  population,  would  barely  sustain  life  for  forty-eight  hours.  If  carried  to  the  military  chest  of  the  Empire,  it  would  sustain  its  army  for  something  short  of  fourteen  days.  If  given  up  to  the  personal  wants  of  the  Austrian  Emperor,  his  government  and  aristocracy,  •by  strict  'economy  it  might  supply  their  necessities  for  three  months  ;  and  .  if  applied  to  the  pastoral  pursuits  of  the  country,  it  might  swell  its  production  to  the  extent  of  one  i  krutzer  per  acre.  -  The  Englishman  who  would  advance  hiS  money  to  a  country  in  this  position—to  say  nothing  of  the  strong  national  gro  . STYLE=superscript  unds  to  be  urged  against  a  loan  to  Austria  under  any  circumstances—should  be  held  up  to  public  execration,  if  there  is  no  law  on  the  statute-book  to  restrain  him  from  an  act  of  wanton  treachery  to  his  country„  The  contract  for  - STYLE=superscript  the  - STYLE=superscript  loan,  we  are  told,  forsooth,  is  to  terminate terminatein  in terminatein  the  event  of.  the  occurrence  of  an-European  war,  but  this  paltry  proviso  merely  'SeCtires  the  contractor  against  contingencies.  It  amounts  to  no  guarantee  :to  the  English  people,  that  the  money  once  raised  and  handed  over  to  the  Austrian  despot,  will  not  be  at  once  placed  at  the  disposal  of  Russia,  or  employed  by  Austria  herself  in  war  against  this  country.  Let  us  hope  then,  that  the  good  sense,  national  feeling,  and  natural  aversion  of  the  British  public  to  intolerance  and  cruelty,  will  defeat  this  nefarious  scheme.  DEATH  FROM  THE  EFFECTS  OF  DRUNKENNESS.—A  woman  whose  name  is  supposed  to  be  Harriet  Ancleston,  was  brought  to  the  Southern  Hospital,  between  4  and  6  o'clock  yesterday  morning,  by  inspector  Tomlinson,  and  officer  779.  She  was  in  a  state  of  drunkenness,  and  died  about  half-past  eleven.  Her  residence  is  at  present  unknown.  ROBBERY  AT  BERLIN.—Last  evening,  J.  W  .Win  ter,  a  Prussian,  charged  with  absconding  with  £6OO  from  Berlin,  was  apprehended  on  the  landing  stage,  by  Marks,  of  the  detective  office.  Winter,  when  apprehended,  was  armed  to  the  The  greater  portion  of  the  stolen  money  was  found  upon  him.  SUDDEN  DEATH.—Yesterday  morning  Samuel  Webster,  Captain  of  one  of  the  steam  tugs,  after  .docking  his  ship  in  the  Prince's  Dock,  went  'to  his  residence  in  Edmond-street,  to  have  breakfast.  He  took  a  small  quantity  of  brandy—partly  took  off  his  clothes  and  lay  down.  After  a  little  time  he  got  up  for  the  purpose  of  taking  more  brandy,  and  whilst  engaged  in  doing  so,  he  fell  down  on  the  floor  in  something  like  a  fit.  Dr.  Osborne  was  promptly  sent  for,  and  was  immediately  in  attendance,  but  before  his  arrival  life  was  extinct.  OVERLAYING  A  CHILD.—On  the  evening  of  Thurs Thursday,  day, Thursday,  a  woman  named  M'Donagh,  residing  in  Charter-street  with  her  husband  and  three  children,  retired  for  the  night  into  one  bed.  The  husband  was  drunk,  and  the  wife  had  also  been  drinking.  The  latter  placed  her  youngest  child,  Mary  Ann  M'Donagh,  on  her  right  arm,  and  when  she  awoke  at  five  o'clock  yesterday  ,morniug,  she  found  she  had  lain  upon  the  child  and  smothered  it.  •  REPORTED  'MURDER  AND  SUICIDE  ON  THE  HIGH  SEAS.—Yesterday  morning,  at  half-past  nine  o'clock,  the  ship  Countess  of  - STYLE=superscript  Winton  arrived  in  the  Mersey  from  China.  She  was  brought  home  by  the  second  mate,  who  states  that  on  the  outward  voyage  the  captain  was  fatally  stabbed  by  first  mate,  on  the  quarter  deck.  The  crew  were  rushing  aft  to  put  him  in  irons,  when  he  jumped  over-board  and  was  drowned.  DEATH  FROM  EXPOSURE  TO  COLD.—Yesterday  an  inquest  was  holden  on  the  body  of  Honoria  Hayes,  a  child  four  years  old.  Her  sister,  Mary  Hayes,  said  she  came  from  - STYLE=superscript  Cork  to  Liverpool  yesterday  week,  for  the  purpose  of  emigrating  to  America.  Mr.  George  Kemp,  surgeon,  said,  he  had  made  a  post-mortem  examination  of  the  body,  and  found  the  cause  of  death  to  have  been  pulmonary  consumption  accelerated  by  exposure  to  cold  and  want  of  suitable  clothing  and  proper  food,  and  that,  with  care,  she  might  have  lived  from  three  to  six  months  longer.  The  jury  found  a  verdict  according  to  this  evidence.  In  returning  this  verdict,  the  jury  remarked,  that  they  considered  the  parties  sending  the  child  on  shore  were  blameable,  inasmuch  as  the  exposure  to  cold  caused  the  child's  death.  DR.  HUME'S  LECTURE  ON  AUSTRALlA.—Yester AUSTRALlA.—Yesterday  day AUSTRALlA.—Yesterday  evening,  Dr.  Hume  delivered  his  Lecture  upon  Austra Australia,  lia, Australia,  in  St.  John's  School-room,  Oliver-street,  Birkenhead,  before  an  auditory  not  numerous,  but  fashionable  and  res respectable.  pectable. respectable.  - STYLE=superscript  The  learned  Lecturer  gave  an  able  sketch  of  the  history  of  this  interesting  region,  to  which  the  eyes  of  the  world  are  now  turned,  from  its  first  Battlement  in  1787,  to  the  present  time.  He  dwelt  upon  the  condition  of  the  abo aborigines—their  rigines—their aborigines—their  habits  and  customs  when  the  country  was  discovered,—gave  a  forcible  picture  of  its  present  singular  state  of  society,  and  then  dwelt  with  eloquence  upon  the  magnificent  career  which  appeared  to  lie  before  it,  and  seemed  to  be  its  destiny.  This  Lecture,  at  once  interesting  and  highly  instructive,  was  illustrated  by  a  valuable  and  well-selected  museum,  comprising  many  of  the  warlike  and  domestic  instruments  of  the  aborigines  of  Australasia.  PUBLICANS  AND  BEERSELLERS'  CASES.—Jane  Lan Langan,  gan, Langan,  publican,  corner  of  Porter-street,  Waterloo-road,  was  yesterday  summoned  for  selling  after  hours,  on  Monday  evening.  Mr.  Chilton  appeared  for  the  defence,  which  was,  that  this  was  a  concert-room,  and  that,  in  letting  out  the  who  perform,  non-professional  persons  got  in,  but  against  the  will  and  consent  of  the  proprietoress.  The  police  said  that  when  they  came  in  there  were  two  glasses  of  ale,  one  of  rum,  and  one  of  gingerette  on  the  counter;  and  four  men  stood  there,  two  of  whom  were  Fined  20s  and  costs.  The  following  beer beerhouse  house beerhouse  ke6pers  were  fined  for  Sunday  trading•:—Patrick  Byrnes,  Porter-street,  fined  2s.  6d.  and  2s.  6d,  costs  ;  Thos.  Jones,  Bevington  Bush,  40s.  ;  Jane  Thomas,  Highfield Highfieldstreet,  street, Highfieldstreet,  ss.  ;  Margaret  Norton,  Albion-street,  10s.  ;  Elizabeth  Joyce,  Mason's  Row,  Gloucester-street,  20s.  ;  Richard  Banks,  Grafton-street,  ss.  ;  Samuel  Pope,  Upper  Man Manstreet,  street, Manstreet,  10s.  EIGHT  TONS'  WEIGHT  OF  MONEY  FOR  CEYLON.—  On  Wednesday,  four  waggons  arrived  at  the  Waterloo-read  terminus  of  the  London  and  South-Western  Railway,  each  containing  two  tons'  weight  of  the  current  coin  of  the  .  realm,  the  whole  weighing  eight  tons.  The''  inner  was  - STYLE=superscript  sent  •  nut  - STYLE=superscript  -et  the  tMintThintler  the  superintendence  of  Sir  John  Herschel!,  the  governor.  The  packages  containing  the  money  were  placed  on  a  special  train  and  conveyed  to  Southampton,  from  which  port  the  same  is  to  be  shipped  for  Ceylon,  .  N  BEFORE  JOSEPH  POLLQCK,  ESQ.  COLLISIO/ON  THE  RIVER.—AIKEN  AND  OTHERS  V  BAINES.  •L-The  action  was  brOught  to  recover  £SO,  for  damage  sus-  . STYLE=superscript  iained  by  the  steam-tug,  through  the  Marco  Polo  coming  into  collision  with  her  on  the  night  of  the  27th  Neiember,  - STYLE=superscript  1852.  From  the  statement  of  Mr.  Aspinall,  barrister,  who  appeared,  for  the  plaintiffs  (the  Steam-tug  Company)  it  appeared  that  the  had  come  into  the  Pool  on  the  morning  of  the  night  in  question,  and  that  the  collision,  for  which  compensation  was  now  sought,  oc occurred  curred occurred  while  the  crew  were  endeavouring  to  get  her  into  the  Albert  Dock,  It  further  appeared  that  the  night  was  a  very  boisterous  one,  and  the  anchor  of  the  Marco  , STYLE=superscript  not  being  thoroughly  hove  up,  but  allowed  to  drag  through  the  water,  it  caught  the  chain  of  the  which  was  moored  in  the,  river,  and  thus  inflicted  the  injuri  es  com complained  plained complained  of.  A  number  of  witnesses  were  examined  to  prove  these  facts,  and  the  damage  sustained  by  the  Defiance  and  ono-  of-them,  William  Thomas,  captain  of  the  2 STYLE=superscript  '  Samp 'Sampson,'  lying,  at  the  time  of  the  accident,  immediately  a-head  of  the  Marco  deposed  to  having  heard  the  captain  of  the  last  named  vessel  give'  Orders  to  weigh  anchor.  Mr..  FORSHAVir  appeared  for  the  defendant,  Mr.  James  Baines,  owner  of  the  Marco  and  while  admitting  the  fact  of  the  collision  and  the  damage  sustained  by  the  contended  that  his  client  could  not  be  held  liable  for  the  accident,  as  through  the  negligence  of  the  crew,  inasmuch  as  there  was  a  licensed  pilot  on  board,  and  the  crew  accordingly  acted,  as  they  were  bound  to  do,  under  his  directions.  Captain  M'Donnell,  now  masterpf  the  Marco  was  first  examined.  He  stated  that  at  the  time  of  the  collision  he  was  first  mate  on  board  of  her,  and  that  though  he  conceived  the  course  adopted  by  the  pilotin  get getting  ting getting  the  vessel  into  dock  was  imprudent,  still  he  did  not  remonstrate  with  him,  because  he  conceived  the  pilot  respon responsible  sible responsible  foL•  the  safety  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  vessel.  On  cross-examination  by  Mr.  Aspinall,  the  witness  stated  that  he  did  not  believe  he  would  be  justified  in  interfering  with  a  licensed  pilot  once'  the  vessel  was  given  in  charge  to  him,  unless  the,  danger  were  imminent,  or  the  conduct  of  the  pilot  the  result  of  mad madness.  ness. madness.  Captain  Forbes  was  then  examined.  He  stated  that  he  was  the  captain  of  the  Marco  on  her  first  voyage,  and  that  he  arrived  in  the  river  on  the  morning  of  the  27th.  He  left  the  vessel  at  one  o'clock  that  day,  and  told  the  pilot  that  he  wanted  to  have  her  docked  that  night,  and  not  to  allow  his  absence,  in  case  he  should  not  return,  to  prevent  him  from  doing  so.  He  was  on  the  Pier-head  on  the  night  in  question,  between  eight  and  eleven  o'clock,  and  seeing  the  mess  into  which  the  had,  got  with  the  steamers  in  the  river,  he  took  a  boat  and  went  on  board  of  her.  On  getting  on  board  he  called  out  to  the  master  of  the  to  get  a-head  as  far  as  he  possibly  could,  to  prevent  further  accident.  On  cross-examination  by  Mr.  Aspinall,  the  witness  said  it  was  entirely  in  the  discretion  of  the  pilot  whether  or'  not  the  vessel  should  be  docked  that  night.  The  witness  merely  expressed  a  wish,  but  the  pilot  was  not  bound  to  be  guided  by  it.  Mr.  ASPINALL  suggested  that  the  Court  should  ask  the  witness,  whether  or  not,  the  Marco  Polo  being  a  vessel  of  some  notoriety,  risks  were  riot  run  to  preserve  her  charac character.  ter. character.  Captain  Forinns  replied  that  he  had  never  run  any  risk,  but  that  he  had  always  saved  his  time;  and  if  he  had  ever  erred,  he  had  erred  on  the  safe  side.  •  Mr.  ASPINALL  urged  that  the  defendant  had  not  made  out  a  sufficient  case  of  justification,  inasmuch  as  he  had  not  shoWn  that  the  orders  given  by  the  pilot  were  not  manifestly  imprudent.  His  HONOUR  observed  that  the  plaintiffs  having  proved  the  collision  and  the  damage,  the  onus  was  then  thrown  on  the  defendant  to  prove  that  t  was  done  by  the  order  of  the  pilot.  The  defendant  had  done  that,  and  accordingly  the  mini  in  its  turn  was  thrown  on  the  plaintiffs,  'to  show  that  the  orders  of  the  pilot  •were  given  from  some  incapacity,  or  negligence  on  the  part  of  the  crew.  The  defendant  was  not  bound  to  prove  that  point;  he  had  relieved  himself,  accord according  ing according  to  'the  Corirt's  view  of  the  law,  when  he  proved  that  he  was  obeying  the  orders  of  the  pilot,  and  those  orders  the  Court  was  bound  to  suppose,  until  the  contrary  were  shown,  were  riot  manifestly  or  openly  wrong.  Mr.  ASPINALL  then  proceeded  to  urge  that  there  was  a  point  before  the  danger  became  manifest,  at  •  which  it  be became  came became  the  duty  of  the  crew  to  resist  the  orders  of  the  pilot,  and  that  that  point  had  occurred  in  the  present  instance.  His  HONOR  said  that  he  did  not  think  it  was  at  all  neces necessary  sary necessary  in  this  case  'to  decide  whether  or  not  there  was  a  period  when  it  became  the  duty  of  the  crew  to  remonstrate  with,  or  even  to  disobey  the  orders  of  the  pilot,  though  at  the  same  time  he  was  not  prepared  to  say  that  it  might  not  become  the  duty  of  the  crew  to  do  so.  But  he  thought  that  that  should  be  a  case  of  manifest  and  gross  negligence,  or  of  manifest  and  gross  incapacity  on  the  part  of  the  pilot.  His  impression  - STYLE=superscript  was  that  the  course  adopted  by  the  pilot  was  an  imprudent  one,  and  therefore  might  be  termed  an  improper  one  ;  but  it  was  not  so  manifestly  and  clearly  imprudent  as  to  render  it  the  duty  of  the  mate,  or  other  officer  in  'charge,  to  dis disobey  obey disobey  his  ordeis,  or  remonstrate  with  him.  He  found,  upon  the  evidence  of  the  case,  that  the  vessel  had  been  given  in  charge  to  a  duly  licensed  pilot—that  the  mate  was  acting  under  the  orders  of  that  .  pilot  throughout,  and  .  that  though  the  orders  of  the  pilot  so  given  were  not  such  as  the  mate  xkould  in  his  own  judgment  have  adopted,  yet  that  they  were  not  so  manifestly  and  clearly  wrong  as  to  induce  him  to  be believe  lieve believe  that  danger  would  necessarily  ensue.  He  differed  in  judgment  with  the  pilot  on  the  course  adopted,  but  did  not  interfere,  the  danger  not  being  imminent  ;  and  therefore  acting  under  the  direction  of  the  pilot,  he  could  not  be  held  liable  for  the  error  of  judgment  which  led  to  the  accident.  That  was  his  (his  Honour's)  present  impression.  He  would,  however,  look  into  the  caseslo  which  his  attention  had  been  directed  by  Mr.  Aspinall  ;  and  though  he  was  by  no  means  prepared  to  say  that  there  'might  not  be  a  point  at  which  it  was  the  duty  of  _  the  crew  'to  disobey,  yet  he  did  not  think  that  this  was  one  of  those  cases.  He  believed  that  an  error  of  judgment  had  been  committed,  bat  that  that  error  was  not  one  so  '  plainly  wrong  as  to  entitle  the  mate  to  disobey  the  orders  of  the  pilot.  He  was  therefore  of  opinion  that  the  defendant  was  protected  by  the  act  of  parliament,  and  that  the  responsibility  of  the  pilot  was  solely  attachable  in  the  case.  -In  conclusion  his  Honour  stated  that  he  would  defer  giving  judgment.  The  Court,  at  its  rising,  adjourned  to  10  o'clock,  on  Monday.  IRON  MASTERS'  QUARTERLY  MEETING,  The  usual  quarterly  meeting  of  the  Iron  Masters  of  the  Birmingham  districts  have  been  held  during  the  present  week  at  Walsall,  Wolverhampton,  and  Birmingham.  The  attemlance  at  Wolverhampton  exceeded  the  average  on  such  occasions,  and  included  the  representatives  of  several  Lon London  don London  and  Liverpool  houses.  The  largeness  of  the  assembly  is,  in  all  probability,  to  be  attributed  to  the  peculiarly  unpleasant  state  into  which  the  trade  has  been  plunged,  and  the  diffi difficulties  culties difficulties  entailed  upon  principles  by  reason  of  the  recent  strikes  of  the  colliers,  and  the  demands  for  advanced  wages  which  have  been  made  by  them.  Prior  to  the  ordinary  public  assembly,  a  very  important  meeting  of  the  heads  of  the  iron  and  coal  trades  was  held,  whereat  the  unanimous  resolve  was,  that  in  the  matter  of  the  wages  paid  to  the  thin  coal  colliers  no  further  advance  whatever  should  be  conceded,  which  resolution  is  completely  concurrent  with  that  agreed  upon  by  the  thick  coal  masters  at  their  meeting  at  West  Bromwich,  last  Friday.  The  employers  say  that  the  time  has  arrived  when  it  is  absolutely  impera imperative  tive imperative  that  there  should  be  unanimity,  firmness,  and  deter determination  mination determination  on  the  part  of  the  trade  ;  they  state  that  conces concession  sion concession  after  concession  made  to  the  men  in  the  most  liberal  spirit  by  the  employers,  has  only  bemotten  new  and  more  unjustifiable  demands,  until  at  last,  if  further  advances  were  made,  it  would  be  impossible  for  those  most  important  branches—the  coal  and  iron  trades  of  Staffordshire—to  be  any  longer  carried  on.  The  mischief  already  done  is  incal incalculable-;  culable-; incalculable-;  works  arc  in  part  stopped  in  consequence  of  the  want  of  coal.  Now,  for  nearly  a  fortnight,  dozens  of  pits  are  left  'unproductive,  of  course  .  to  the  grcat  loss  of  the  pro proprietors  prietors proprietors  ;  furnaces  have  been  put  out  of  blast  ;  the  fa families  milies families  of  the  men  aro  left  destitute,  in  the  majority  of  in instances  stances instances  with  the  barest  necessaries  of  ? STYLE=superscript  life;  whilst  others  are  half-starved  ;  every  branch  of  industry  crippled,  with  the  impending  certainty  that  if  the  men  persevere  in  their  ill illadvised-course,  advised-course, illadvised-course,  and  see  not  the  folly  of  their  recklessness  and  improvidence,  the  trade  of  the  distriet  will  be  ultimately  driven  to  Wales.  The  iron  trade  remains  steady,  and  healthy;  there  is  a  great  demand  for.  all  descriptions,  and  prices  are  firm  ;  so  much  so,  that  some  makers  are  getting  higher  prices  than  the  current  quotations  of  the  day  ;  there  will  not,  however,  for  reasons  which  all  interested  will  readily  comprehend,  be  any  attempt  made  to  advance  prices.  Tne  tin-plate  trade  of  Staffordshire  is  fiat,  but  in  Wales  the  orders  are  large,  that  make  being,  as  we  are  informed,  now  much  preferred.  Wednesday's  meeting  passed  off  satisfactorily;  the  trade  of  Wolverhampton,  as  well  as  the  district,  is  in  a  prosperous  condition,  and  accounts  were  paid  with  the  utmost  punctu punctuality.  ality. punctuality.  closing  meeting  of  ironmasters,  will  be  held  at  Dud Dudley  ley Dudley  to-day,  when  the'state  of  the  iron-market  will  be  further  discussed,  and  can  then  be  spoken  of  with  greater  certainty.  APPREHENDED  Loss  OF  A  YACHT.-C  onsiderable  apprehensions  aro  entertained  for  the  safety  of  the  yacht  belonging  to  S.  M.  Peto,  Esq.,  M.  P.,  which  recently  con conveyed  veyed conveyed  from  Lowstoft  several  gentlemen  engaged  on  the  rail railway  way railway  undertakings  now  being  carried  out  at  Christiania,  in  Norway,  which  place  the  little  vessel  had  just  left  before  the  gale  of  Sunday  se'nnight,  and  since  which  time  no  tidings  of  any  kind  of  her  have  been  received.  Among  the  gentle•  -  men  who  were  on  board  when  she  left  Christiania  was  Mr.  George  Parker  Bidder,  C.  E.,  the  celebrated  arithmetician,  or,'  as  he  was  many  years  ago  aptly  called,  calculating  'boy.&#34;  THE  CHANCELLOR  OF  THE  EXOHEQUER  . STYLE=superscript  dined  with  the  Mayor  of  Manchester,  and  a  distinguished  party  at  Brookside,  on  Thursday  evening.  Yesterday  the  Right  Hon..  Gentleman  visited  the  Salford  Peel  Park,  Library,  and  Museum,  and  afterwards  the  extensive  spinning  and  manu manufacturing  facturing manufacturing  establishment  of  Sir  Elkanah  Armitage  and  Sons,  at  Pendleton.  At  one  o'clock  the  distinguished  gentleman  .took  his  departure  from  Manchester  for  Hawarden  Hall,  near  Ohester,!  the  seat  of  his  near  relative,  Sir  Stephen  Glynn  e  TIIE  DOG  TAX.—This  tax,  under  the  new  act,  will  not  commence  in  England,  Wales,  and  Berwick-upon-Tweed  until  April  next,  and  in  May  as  regards  Scotland.  It  is  12s.  a  year  on  all  dogs,  except  sheep  dogs.  Last  year  the  tax  on  dogs  produced  to  the  revenue,  £157,923."
