text
"CORONER'S  INQUESTS.-SATURDAY,  DEATH  FROM  EXCESSIVE  DRINKING.—An  inquest  was  held  on  the  body  of  Emma  Gaskill.  Ellen  Sumner  deposed  that  the  deceased  resided  with  her,  at  9,  Doncaster-street.  She  was  in  receipt  of  an  annuity,  and  earned  money  also  by  sewing.  She  was  in  the  habit  of  drinking,  and  was  very  tipsy  on  Wednesday  .  evening  when  she  went  to  bed,  at  9  o'clock.  Next  morning  deponent  found  her  dead  in  her  bed.  Mr.  George  Kemp,  surgeon,  deposed  that  he  had  made  a  post  mortem  examination  of  the  body,  and  found  the  cause  of  death  to  be  congestion  of  the  lungs,  in  all  probability  set  up  by  excessive  drinking.  Verdict  accordingly.  SUDDEN  DEATH.—An  inquest  was  held  on  the  body  of  James  Byrnes,  a  labourer.  John  Edmonds,  deposed  that  he  was  drinking  with  deceased  all  day,  in  Fisher's  public  house,  on  Friday,  and  whilst  with  him  he  perceived  blood  coming  from  his  mouth.  He  followed  him  to  a  druggist's  shop  in  Cleveland-square,  kept  by  Mr.  Taylor,  and  in  a  few  minutes  afterwards  he  saw  him  dead  in  the  shop.—Mary  Goodwin,  a  servant  in  the  shop,  deposed  to  deceased  coming  in—they  first  thought  he  was  tipsey.  He  put  one  hand  on  the  rail  in  the  shop,  and  fell  with  his  head  against  her  shoulder.  She  saw  a  great  quantity  of  blood  coming  from  his  mouth.  He  was  dead  in  a  few  minutes  after  coming  into  the  shop.  Verdict,  died  by  the  bursting  of  a  blood  vessel,  caused  by  excessive  drinking.  FATAL  ACCIDENT  AT  THE  DocKs.----Saturday  an  inquest  was  held  on  the  body  of  William  Wilkinson.  Margaret  Wilkinson,  his  wife,  deposed  that  deceased  was  the  captain  of  the  flat  belonging  to  Mr.  Ellison.  He  was  discharging  his  vessel  in  the  Brunswick  half-tide  basin,  when  she  went  to  him,  and  they  were  going  to  the  Trafford  dock,  to  load  coals  for  the  Halifax  boats.  They  had  a  line  made  fast  to  the  flat's  bows.  Deceased  was  forward  in  the  bows  bringing  the  rope  to  the  winch,  to  check  her  in.  He  told  witness  to  shove  the  tiller  over,  and  she  did  so,  and  he  then  said,  steady  her  She  saw  him  stoop  down  to  loose  the  rope,  and  at  the  same  moment  heard  him  say,  !  dear  She  then  saw  him  fall  overboard.  She  was  of  opinion  that  when  he  stooped  the  rope  came  across  his  eyes,  as  she  swung  it  the  wrong  way.  He  had  no  one  to  assist  him,  as  he  had  paid  off  his  men  that  morning  for  drunkenness.  Police  constable  424,  deposed  to  finding  the  body  just  outside  the  cockle  slip,  and  removing  it.  A  verdict  of  accidentally  drowned  was  returned.  Same  day,  on  the  body  of  Garrett  Real.  Thomas  Mahony  deposed  that  he  came  to  Liverpool  from  Cork  on  board  a  steamer,  on  Thursday  night.  Garrett  Real,  the  deceased,  was  with  him  inithe  same  boat  ;  they  were  to  go  from  Li Liverpool  verpool Liverpool  to  America,  in  the  ship  Queen  of  the  The  deceased  went  out  before  him,  towards  the  quay,  at  the  Clarence  Dock,  and  fell  overboard.  It  was  a  very  dark  night.  When  he  was  taken  out  £lO  4s.  was  found  on  his  person.  Accidentally  drowned.  FATAL  ACCIDENTS.—On  Wednesday  last,  Mrs.  Williams,  residing  in  Gardwell-street,  fell  down  steps,  from  the  effects  of  which  she  died  on  Saturday  evening.—Mr.  Daniels,  one  of  the  pilots,  fell  overboard  on  Friday  night,  and  was  drowned.  The  body  was  recovered,  and  put  on  board  the  steamer  Telegraph,  and  from  thence  transferrrcd  to  the  dead  house,  An  inquest  will  be  held  to-day.  CHOLERA  IN  LIVERPOOL—FEARFUL  MORTALITY.  —  Since  Saturday  no  less  than  thirteen  deaths  from  Cholera  have  occurred  in  the  Workhouse  ;  of  this  thirteen,  ten  were  emigrants  from  the  Isaac  Wright,  two  from  the  Silas  Green Greenman,  man, Greenman,  and  the  remaining  case  was  a  pauper,  who  had  been  actively  engaged  in  removing  the  dead  bodies  of  the  Cholera  patients;  she  was  perfectly  well  at  10  o'clock  on  Saturday  night,  but  so  violent  was  the  attack  of  the  disease  that  she  was  dead  in  ten  hours.  In  addition  to  the  deaths  from  Cholera  in  the  Workhouse,  two  deaths  from  the  same  disease  are  reported  to  have  taken  place  in  Kent  Street.  On  Satur Saturday  day Saturday  evening  three  German  emigrants,  who  had  been  on  board  the  ship  Emma  Folds,  were  brought  from  a  house  in  Kay  Street  to  the  Workhouse,  suffering  from  Cholera;  and  a  fourth,  from  a  German  lodging-house  in  Paradise  Street.  The  total  deaths  from  Cholera  in  the  Workhouse  up  to  last  night,  have  been  forty-nine  ;  but,  with  one  or  two  exceptions,  the  deceased  parties  were  all  German  and  Irish  emigrants.  CABINET  COUNCILS.—The  second  Cabinet  Coun Council  cil Council  this  week  was  held  yesterday  afternoon  (Saturday).  The  Ministers  were  not  summoned  in  the  usual  manner,  but  from  some  oversight  Sir  William  Molesworth  was  not  summoned  for  the  first,  which  was  held  on  Friday  afternoon.  Im Immediately  mediately Immediately  on  this  being  discovered,  a  telegraphic  dispatch  was  forwarded  on  Friday  evening  to  the  family  seat  of  the  right  hon.  baronet,  in  Cornwall,  summoning  him  to  the  meeting  of  his  colleagues  yesterday;  but  as  Sir  William's  house,  Pencarrow,  is  at  least  40  miles  from  the  nearest  railway  station  (Plymouth),  it  was  found  to  be  impossible  for  the  right  hon.  gentleman  to  get  to  town  in  time.  With  this  exception,  and  the  Duke  of  Argyll,  who  left  town  onFri onFriday  day onFriday  night,  the  whole  Ministers  of  the  assembled  and  remained  in  close  deliberation  some  hours.  Sir  Lines  Graham  being  in  official  attendance  on  the  Sovereign,  of  course  could  not  be  present.  Another  Cabinet  Council  has  been  summoned  to  meet  at  the  Foreign  Office  on  Monday,  at  two  o'clock.  —  Observer.  DARING  ATTEMPT  TO  ROB  A  JEWELLER'S  SHOP,  YESTERDAY  ArrErmox.—Yesterday  (Sunday)  afternoon,  about  half-past  4  o'clock,  one  of  the  assistants  of  Mr.  David  Falk,  jeweller  and  silversmith,  Market-street,  close  to  New  Canon-street,  Manchester,  went,  according  to  his  usual  cus custom,  tom, custom,  to  the  shop  of  his  employer,  to  see  whether  all  was  right.  On  entering  the  premises,  he  was  horrified  at  finding  in  the  shop  a  person  busily  engaged  in  packing  up  goods,  and  who,  it  may  readily  be  imagined,  was  still  more  astonished  than  the  assistant  at  the  unwelcohie  visit.  An  alarm  was  speedily  given,  and  a  policeman,  who  was  near  the  premises  at  the  time,  was  speedily  on  the  spot.  The  robber  was  of  course  immediately  given  into  custody,  and  removed  to  the  A.  division.  He  is  a  young  man  about  18  of  years  age,  dressed  in  fustian,  and  has  a  respectable  appearance.  He  was  ex exceedingly  ceedingly exceedingly  dirty  when  caught,  but  that  may  be  accounted  for  by  the  labours  he  must  have  undergone  he  obtained  admission  into  the'  shop.  On  search  being  made,  it  was  found  that  a  table-cover,  filled  with  plate,  was  wrapped  up  and  ready  to  be  taken  away.  In  the  shop  were  found  various  implements  of  house-breaking,  such  as  jemmies,  crow-bars,  knives,  &amp;c.  Subsequently  to  his  apprehension,  the  prisoner  stated  that  there  was  no  one  connected  with  the  attempted  robbery  but  himself.  If  that  be  so,  the  efforts  he  must  have  undergone  to  effect  an  entrance  into  the  shop  were  of  a  most  extraordinary  character.  Over  Mr.  Falk's  shop  are  several  warehouses,  and  it  is  supposed  that  the  robber  must  have  found  his  way  through  them  all  before  he  reached  the  pre premises  mises premises  upon  which  he  was  apprehended.  Immediately  over  the  shop  is  the  warehouse  of  Messrs.  Welch,  Mor Morgetson  getson Morgetson  and  Co.,  shirt,  stock,'  and  cravat  manufacturers,  and  betwen  their  floor  and  the  ceiling  of  Mr.  Falk's  shop,  a  hole  large  enough  to  admit  of  the  passage  through  it  of  a  man  was  cut.  From  this  hole  to  the  floor  of  the  shop,  was  hung  a  piece  of  doe-skin  knotted,  in  order  to  afford  facilities  for  the  egress  of  the  robber  from  the  pre premises,  mises, premises,  when  his  cupidity  was  satisfied.  From  this  aperture  in  the  ceiling  a  string  was  likewise  suspended,  and  that  string  was  attached  to  the  bundle  containing  the  plate.  While  we  were  on  the  premises,  a  police  officer,  by  means  of  a  ladder,  ascended  to  the  hole  in  the  ceiling,  an  thus  effected  an  entrance  into  the  warehouse  of  Messrs.  Welch,  Morgetson,  and  Co.,  where  he  found  the  halves  of  four  £5  notes.  We  understand  the  prisoner  says  he  found  those  half-notes  in  the  safe  of  that  firm.  The  officer  also  found  an  empty  purse,  the  contents  of  which,  amounting  to  £2  ss.  were  taken  from  it  by  the  prisoner,  upon  whom  they  were  found.  During  the  progress  of  the  prisoner  through  the  various  warehouses  which  he  must  have  entered,  before  he  obtained  access  to  Mr.  Falk's  shop,  he  possessed  himself  of  several  bags  of  sheeting,  which  he  spread  upon  the  floor  of  the  shop,  evi evidently  dently evidently  for  the  purpose  of  deadening  the  sound  that  might  be  caused  by  the  falling  of  the  pieCes  of  material  driven  down  the  ceiling.  It  is  thought  that  no  propeify  has  been  re removed  moved removed  from  the  shop.  The  prisoner  will  be  brought  up  for  examination  this  morning."
