text
"MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL.  LIVERPOOL,  WEDNESDAY  EVENING.  The  Liverpool  Cotton  Market  continues  dull,  and  with  a  supply  in  excess  of  the  demand  prices  have  still  further  given  way,  and  must  now  be  quoted  fully  a  farthing  per  pound  lower  than  on  Friday  last.  The  sales  to  day  amount  to  6,000  bales,  of  which  2,000  have  been  taken  for  specula speculation  tion speculation  and  export.  )  The  Liverpool  Share  Market  opened  at  a  decline  upon  yesterday's  closing  prices,  and  with  a  heavy  feeling  in  consequence  of  the  sudden  fall  in  Consols.  From  the  trifling  business  that  has  lately  been  doing,  and  the  small  speculative  account  there  is  open,  shares  are  less  affected  than  might  have  been  expected,  but  the  market  closes  with  a  feeble  tone  :—Aberdeen,  11  11-1.  Chester  and  Birkenhead,  13  13t.  Caledonian,  26k  27.  Chester  and  Holyhead,  111  1  11.  Eastern  Coun Counties,  ties, Counties,  8  1-16,  8  3-16.  East  Lancashire,  178  17k.  Great  Northern,  211  22.  Ditto  A,  81  01.  Great  Western,  511  51  1 STYLE=superscript  .  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  St  oc  k,  751  76  .  4  Liverpool,  Crosby,  and  Southport,  131  14.  Lon London  don London  and  North  Western  Stock,  931931.  Manches Manchester,  ter, Manchester,  Sheffield  and  Lincoln,  23k  231.  Ditto  Prefer Preference,  ence, Preference,  134  13i.  Ditto  New  6  per  cent  Pref.,  7-16  1p-  Midland  Stock,  621  621.  North  British,  71  71.  North  Staffordshire,  81  81-d.  South  Eastern,  16k  17.  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  161  161.  York  and  North  Midland,  221  221.  Dutch  Rhenish,  13.16  11-16  d.  Great  Western  of  Canada,  24k  24.  Ditto  New  Shares,  2  28p.  Great  Luxembourg  101  10d.  At  the  meeting  of  the  proprietors  of  the  Colonial  Bank  held  to-day,  a  dividend  at  the  rate  of  five  per  cent  per  annum,  free  of  income  tax,  was  declared.  This,  it  was  stated,  would  require  12,5001.,  and  that  as  the  profits  for  the  half-year  were  21,0861.  2s  11d,  it  left  8,5861.  2s  lld  to  be  added  to  the  fund  to  meet  bad  debts,  which  fund  is  now  increased  to  159,7111.  12s  6d.  The  report  was  adopted,  and  the  retiring  directors  and  officers  re-elected.  The  half-yearly  meeting  of  the  London  and  Greenwich  Railway  Company  was  held  yesterday.  The  accounts  for  the  half-year  were  laid  before  the  meeting,  from  which  it  appeared  that  an  available  balance  of  11,332/.  3s.  6d.  remained  for  the  divi dividend  dend dividend  on  this  occasion,  which  was  settled  at  ss.  3d.  per  share  for  the  last  six  months,  free  of  income  tax.  The  accounts  were  passed  unanimously.  A  dividend  at  the  rate  of  7  per  cent.  per  annum  has  been  declared  on  the  shares  of  the  Commercial  Bank  of  London,  payable  on  or  after  the  28th  inst.  The  Ottoman  Government  have  published  a  Re Report  port Report  of  the  Minister  of  Finance,  concerning  the  budget  of  expenses  occasioned  by  the  present  war  to  Turkey.  This  important  statement  is  submitted  to  the  consideration  of  a  board  of  control  appointed  by  the  Sultan,  and  comprises  the  budget  from  the  27th  May,  1853,  to  the  27th  September,  1855—a  period  of  28  months.  During  that  period  the  disbursements  of  the  treasury  for  exraordinaiy  expenses  of  war,  marine,  and  artillery,  amounted  to  11,200,0001.  sterling,  of  that  sum  5,400,0001.  is  covered  by  the  budget  allotted  for  the  three  departments;  and  4,573,0001  .  obtained  as  f  o  ll  ows  :  —Produce  of  the  first  loan  2  286,2881.  ;  advanced  by  Rothschild  on  the  new  loan  600,0001.;  national  gifts  201,800  /.  ;  issue  of  paper  money  1,440,0001.,  and  bank  of  deposit  loans  46,700/.  ;  thus  leaving  a  sum  of  1,227,000/  to  be  claimed  by  the  Treasury  as  excess  of  expenditure.  To  make  up  this  deficiency,  and  to  prepare  for  any  further  outlay  in  prosecuting  the  war  with  vigour  and  ease,  as  the  Minister  expresses  himself,  there  is  a  likelihood  of  Turkey  being  obliged  to  come  again  into  the  Money  Mar.  ket  for  a  new  loan.  The  downward  movement  in  the  English  Funds  has  made  a  further  decided  progress  to  day.  The  opening  rates  this  morning  were  no  less  than  K  per  cent  below  the  4  o'clock  quotations  of  yesterday.  This  fall  was  caused  by  a  general  impression  that  the  answer  of  the  Czar,  which  has  been  despatched  from  St.  Petersburg  to  Vienna,  amounts  to  a  rejection  of  the  peace  pro proposals.  posals. proposals.  No  official  confirmation  has  been  given  to  this  reported  version  of  the  reply;  but  opinion  in  the  City  today  was  utterly  adverse  to  the  idea  of  peace.  The  extreme  depression  during  this  morning,  however,  was  followed  by  a  partial  recovery.  At  the  close  of  the  Stock  Exchange  the  reduction,  as  compared  with  yesterday's  prices,  was  /  per  cent.,  the  quotations  being  86  1.16,  86  8-16.  The  general  character  of  the  market  is  de decidedly  cidedly decidedly  unsettled.  The  arrangements  for  the  monthly  account  in  Consols  increases  the  pre prevailing  vailing prevailing  sensitiveness  of  prices.  The  late  heavy  sales  of  stock  attributed  to  the  bank  on  the  government  account,  have  greatly  aggravated  the  collapse  of  the  market.  Added  to  this,  there  is  a  growing  apprehension  that  the  money  market  is  becoming  more  stringent.  An  uneasy  feeling  pre.  vails  as  regards  future  returns  of  the  bank.  It  is  feared  that  the  stock  of  coin  and  bullion  will  be  con considerably  siderably considerably  reduced  under  the  combined  influence  of  the  dividend  payments,  and  the  foreign  demand  for  gold.  Despite,  therefore,  the  temporary  relief  imparted  to  the  money  market  by  the  dividend  disbursements,  which  commenced  this  day,  the  belief  that  the  availa.bte  resources  of  the  institution  are  diminishing,  causes  each  succeeding  weekly  board-day  at  the  bank  to  be  looked  for  with  anxiety.  The  demand  for  money  continues  good,  and  full  rates  are  exacted,  but  there  is  no  especial  pressure.  At  Paris  the  Three  per  Cent.  Rentes  closed  to-day  about  A-  - STYLE=superscript  per  cent  lower  than  yesterday.  The  Corn  Market  to  day  was  firmer,  at  fully  last  Monday's  prices.  The  Railway  Share  Market  continues  to  suffer  from  the  steady  fall  in  Consols.  This  department,  however,  is  comparatively  much  stea steadier  dier steadier  in  character.  The  following  were  the  closing  quotations  :—Caledonian,  553  551.  Eastern  Counties,  88  81.  East  Lancashire,  67  68.  Great  Northern,  87  88.  Ditto  A,  72  73.  Great  Western,  51i  511  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  751  76.  Leeds  Northern,  12  121.  London  and  North  Western,  9n.  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincolnshire,  23  231.  Midland  Stock,  621  63.  North  British,  28  29.  South  Eastern  and  Dover,  561  566.  York,  Newcastle  and  Berwick,  663  67k.  York  and  North  Midland,  441  45.  The  Admiralty  will  receive  tenders  on  the  17th  instant  for  the  supply  of  20,000  blankets  for  the  transport  service  TILE  CAMBRIA.—This  splendid  steam-ship,  which  has  been  engaged  by  the  government  as  a  hired  transport  since  the  14th  of  April  last,  arrived  here  yesterday,  after  calling  at  Plymouth  on  her  return  from  the  Crimea.  During  her  employment  in  the  service  of  the  government,  the  Cambria  has  steamed  upwards  22,500  miles.  Captain  Brett.  of  the  15th  Hussars,  was  among  the  passengers,  and  the  Cambria  brought  home  two  horses  belonging  to  Colonel  Wilson  Patten,  M.P.,  in  command  of  the  Duke  of  Lancaster's  own  militia  regiment  nov  stationed  at  Malta.  ORDER  OF  TEMPLARS.—The  officers  and  members  of  St.  George's  Temple  of  Honour  and  Temperance  celebrated  their  fourth  anniversary  on  Monday,  by  a  soiree  and  ball.  Upwards  of  300  of  the  brethren  and  their  friends  partook  of  the  cup  that  cheers,  but  not  and  a  most  excellent  collection  of  the  good  things  of  this  life.  Brother  Wm.  Atkinson,  W.C.  Tern.,  presided,  and  amongst  the  visitors  were,  'Brother'  John  Vickers,  W.C.  Tern.,  and  several  of  the  brethren  from  the  City  of  Manchester  Tem Temple,  ple, Temple,  also  several  from  the  Sona  Temple,  No.  2,  of  Liver Liverpool.  pool. Liverpool.  After  tea  the  whole  of  the  brethren  assembled  on  the  platform  dressed  in  costume  and  displaying  the  splen splendid  did splendid  regalia  of  the  order.  The  opening  Ode  of  the  Temple  was  sung,  after  which  Mr.  Knott,  optician,  kindly  amused  the  company  by  exhibiting  his  splendid  series  of  dissolv dissolving  ing dissolving  views  ;  then  followed  songs,  choruses,  and  recitations,  by  Messrs.  William  Simpson,  Brother  Joseph  Thomas,  D.M.W.T.,  and  several  other  ladies  and  gentlemen.  At  half-past  ten  o'clock  the  room  was  cleared  for  dancing,  which  was  kept  up  with  the  greatest  spirit,  and  most  efficiently  conducted  by  Brothers  Oliver  Huston  and  Jas.  Sweetman,  as  masters  of  the  ceremonies,  until  four  o'clock  in  the  morning,  when  the  company  separated  highly  delighted  with  the  pleasures  they  had  enjoyed.  CAPTURE  OF  A  GANG  or  COlNERS.—Yesterday  morning,  the  police  made  a  capture  of  a  gang  of  coiners,  in  Eldon Eldonstreet,  street, Eldonstreet,  and  at  the  morning  sittings  in  the  police  court,  before  Mr.  Challoner,  the  following  persons  were  brought  np  by  detectives  Scaife,  Thompson,  Laycock,  and  Gris— Gristhenwaite.  thenwaite. Gristhenwaite.  Peter  Mahon,  alias  Clark,  Thomas  Davis,  George  Seymour,  John  Thompson,  Mary  Sullivan,  and  Mary  Cross.  The  facts  of  the  case  were  these.  The  police  having  received  certain  information,  that  a  gang  of  coiners  inhabited  the  house,  No.  77,  Eldon-street,  they  went  to  an  empty  house  adjoining,  from  the  top  room  of  which  they  could  see  into  the  house  in  question.  They  watched  one  night,  but  nothing  turned  However,  early  yesterday  morning,  they  saw  all  the  prisoners  in  a  room,  in  which  Clarke  was  observed  to  make  several  counterfeit  half-crowns.  The  officers  having  procured  assistance,  broke  into  the  room,  when  a  fierce  scuffle  took  place,  and  after  considerable  resistance,  the  prisoners  were  captured.  It  appeared  that  when  the  prisoner  Clark  made  the  coins,  the  other  prisoners  examined  them,  and  on  - STYLE=superscript  searching  the  room,  17  base  halt-crowns,  a  quantity  of  metal  for  making  coins,  moulds,  and  all  the  other  ingredients  and  apparatus  used  in  the  manufacture  of  base  coin  were  found.  The  prisoner  Clark  is  the  husband  of  a  woman,  who  a  few  days  ago  was  committed  for  trial  for  having  thirty  base  crown  pieces  in  her  possession.  The  prisoners  were  fully  committed  for  trial,  the  mint  authori authorities  ties authorities  undertaking  to  prosecute.  LATEST  INTELLIGENCE.  SECOND  EDITION.  THE  ARMY  IN  THE  CRIMEA,  DESPATCH  FROM  GEN.  CODRINGTON  A  supplement  to  the  Gazette  of  Tuesday  pub publishes  lishes publishes  the  following  despatch  received  from  Gen.  Sir  W.  J.  Codrington  by  Lord  Panmura.  Sebastopol,  27th  December.  Lord,—Your  Lordship  has  referred  in  several  despatches  to  drunkenness  in  this  army.  Returns  are  now  in  my  possession  from  every  regiment  of  all  cases  of  drunkenness  tried  by  court-martial,  as  well  as  those  settled  at  the  orderly  rooms,  for  the  months  of  September,  October,  and  November.  It  was  during  this  time  that  arrears  of  field  allowance,  more  than  £2  each  man,  were  received  as  back  pay,  besides  10,000  receiving  additional  working  pay,  and  yet  the  result  is  that,  including  artillery,  sappers,  and  infantry,  the  number  of  crimes  of  drunkenness,  (and  there  are  many  more  than  the  men  drinking,)  is  a  little  above  one  man  in  two  days  per  company  estimated  at  one  hundred  men.  No  doubt  there  are  many  facilities  in  all  these  open  and  crowded  camps  for  drunken  men  to  get  in  without  being  seen  ;  no  doubt  they  do  so  and  escape  observation.  But  suppose  we  double  or  tre.  ble  the  amount  of  these  numbers  which  are  taken  from  official  returns,  and  I  suspect  the  army  will  bear  a  comparison  with  many  towns,  many  villages,  and  many  populations  of  Great  Britain.  It  is  as  easy  to  give,  as  it  is  as  easy  to  read,  a  minute,  a  ludicrous,  or  even  a  filthy  description  of  drunken  men,  and  it  seems  seized  upon  as  the  type  of  the  whole.  The  fathers,  and  mothers,  and  wives,  and  sisters  in  England,  are  fully  persuaded  we  do  nothing  but  drink,  and  the  good  character  of  the  army  is  forgotten,  in  a  few  sketches  from  nature.—l  have,  &amp;c.,  W.  J.  CODRINGTON.  To  the  Lord  Panmure,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  ~._  DESPATCH  FROM  GENERAL  VIVIAN  Head-quarters,  Kertch,  Dec.  21st,  1855.  My  Lord,—l  have,  with  much  regret,  to  report  to  you  the  death  of  Captain  R.  S.  Sherwood,  of  the  cavalry  of  this  force.  This  offic3r  was  engaged  in  a  skirmish  that  took  place  on  the  16th  inst.  between  a  detachment  of  our  cavalry  and  a  party  of  Russian  cavalry.  His  gallantry  in  this  affair  was  most  conspicuous,  as  is  reported  to  me  by  the  officer  who  commanded  the  detachment.  Capt.  Sherwood  was  severely  wounded,  and  was  carried  off  by  the  ißussians,  and,  as  I  have  since  learned,  died  on  the  19th  from  his  wounds.  I  deplore  his  loss,  for  he  was  an  intelligent  and  very  promising  young  officer.  I  have  reason  to  believe  that  the  treatment  he  received  from  the  Russians  was  most  humane  and  considerate.—l  have,  &amp;c.,  R.  J.  H.  VIVIAN.  To  the  Lord  Panmure,  &amp;c..  &amp;c."
