text
"It  is  difficult  to  understand  how  it  should  have  been  supposed  that  troops  could  be  raised  here  by  Great  Britain  without  violation  of  the  municipal  law.  The  unmistakeable  object  of  the  law  was  to  prevent  every  such  act  which,  if  perf)rrned,  must  he  either  in  violation  of  the  law,  or  in  studied  evasion  of  it,  and,  in  either  alterna alternative,  tive, alternative,  the  act  done  would  be  alike  injurious  to  the  sove sovereignty  reignty sovereignty  of  the  United  States.  In  the  meantime,  the  matter  acquired  additional  impor importance,  tance, importance,  by  the  recruitments  in  the  United  States  not  being  discontinued,  and  the  disclosure  of  the  fact  that  they  were  prosecuted  upon  a  systematic  plan  devised  by  official  authority,  that  recruiting  rendezvous  had  been  opened  in  our  principal  cities,  and  depots  for  the  reception  of  re recruits  cruits recruits  established  on  our  frontier,  and  the  whole  business  conducted  under  the  supervision  and  by  the  regular  co cooperation  operation cooperation  of  British  officers,  civil  and  military,  in  the  North  American  provinces,  and  some  in  the  United  States.  The  complicity  of  those  officers  in  an  undertak undertaking,  ing, undertaking,  which  could  only  be  accomplished  by  defying  our  laws,  throwing  suspicion  over  our  attitude  of  neutrality,  and  disregarding  our  territorial  rights,  is  conclusively  proved  by  the  evidence  elicited  on  the  trial  of  such  of  their  agents  as  have  been  apprehended  and  convicted.  Some  of  the  officers  thus  implicated  are  of  high  official  position,  and  many  of  them  beyond  our  jurisdiction,  so  that  legal  proceediogs  could  not  reach  the  source  of  the  mischief.  These  considerations,  and  the  fact  that  the  cause  of  complaint  was  not  a  mere  casual  occurrence,  but  a  de deliberate  liberate deliberate  design,  entered  upon  with  full  knowledge  of  our  laws  and  national  policy,  and  conducted  by  responsible  public  functionaries,  impelled  me  to  present  the  case  to  the  British  government,  in  order  to  secure  not  only  a  cessation  of  the  wrong,  but  its  reparation.  The  subject  is  still  under  discussion,  the  result  of  which  will  be  COM..  municated  to  you  in  due  season.  BRITISH  RELATIONS  (SEVERALLY.  I  repeat  the  recommendation  submitted  to  the  last  Congress.  that  provisions  be  made  for  the  appointment.  of  a  commissioner,  in  connexion  with  Great  Britain,  to  sur survey  vey survey  and  establish  the  boundary  line  which  divides  the  Territory  of  Washington  from  the  contiguous  British  possessions.  By  reason  of  the  extent  and  importance  of  the  country  in  dispute,  there  has  been  imminent  danger  of  collision  b-tween  the  subjects  of  Great  Britain  and  the  citizens  of  the  United  ptates,  including  their  respective  authorities,  in  that  quarter.  The  prospect  of  a  speedy  arrangement  has  contributed  hitherto  to  induce  on  both  sides  forbearance  to  assert  by  force  what  each  claim  as  a  right.  Continuance  of  del  y  on  the  p  irt  of  the  two  governments  to  act  in  the  matter  will  increase  the  dangers  and  difficulties  of  the  controversy.  Misunderstanding  exists  as  to  the  extent,  character,  and  value  of  the  possessory  rights  of  the  Hudson's  Bay  Com Company  pany Company  and  the  property  of  the  Paget's  Slum]  Agricultural  Company,  reserved  in  our  treaty  with  Gre  it  Britain  rela relative  tive relative  to  the  Territory  of  Oregon.  I  have  reason  to  believe  that  a  cession  of  the  rights  of  both  companies  to  the  United  States,  which  would  be  the  readiest  means  of  ter terminating  minating terminating  all  questions.  can  be  obtained  on  reasonable  terms  ;  and,  with  a  view  to  this  end,  I  present  the  subject  to  the  attention  of  Congress.  The  colony  of  Newfoundland,  having  enacted  the  laws  required  by  the  treaty  of  the  sth  of  June,  185  6 STYLE=superscript  ,  is  now  pladed  on  the  same  footing  in  respect  to  commercial  inter intercourse  course intercourse  with  the  United  States,  as  the  other  British  North  American  provinces.  The  commission,  which  that  treaty  contemplated  for  determining  the  rights  of  fishery  in  rivers  and  mouths  of  rivers  on  the  coasts  of  the  United  States  and  the  British  North  American  provinces:  has  been  organised  and  has  commenced  its  labours;  to  complete  which  there  is  needed  further  appropriations  for  the  service  of  another  season."
