text
"grateful  acknowledgements  to  our  London  and  Irish  contemporaries,  for  the  flattering  critiques  they  have  bestowed  upon  our  labours,  as  well  as  to  our  subscribers  and  advertising  friends  generally,  for  the  support  they  have  so  readily  and  exten extensively  sively extensively  rendered.  We  now  reiterate  our  former  assertion,  that  no  efforts  shall  be  spared  on  our  part  to  render  the  NORTHERN  TIMES  pre-eminently  worthy  of  the  popular  favour,  as  well  as  of  the  important  national  interests  it  is  designed  to  advocate.  Lest  it  should  be  considered  a  dereliction  of  duty,  we  beg  to  thank  our  friends  for  their  miserable  waste  of  sympathy  ;  assuring  them  that,  should  Mr.  ALBERT  SMITH  adopt  our  suggestion,  we  shall  faithfully  fulfil  our  promise  as  regards  themselves.  But,  in  the  mean  time,  as  a  little  seasonable  advice  can  do  no  possible  harm  that  we  know  of,  we  would  bestow  upon  them  this  piece  of  sage  counsel—Go  and  eroke  no  more!  THE  Mersey  is,  after  all,  the  great  trunk-line  on  which  Liverpool  and  the  North  of  England  must  depend  for  the  realization  of  their  hopes  in  all  those  immense  undertakings  now  going  on  in  our  port  and  the  surrounding  shires.  And  yet,  strange  to  say,  the  approach  to  this  noble  stream  is  be becoming  coming becoming  hourly  more  difficult  and  dangerous.  Rocks  and  sandbanks  are  allowed  to  hold  their  primitive  positions  without  the  least  heed  being  bestowed  upon  them.  Happily  rocks  do  not  grow,  or  else  the  limbs  and  branches  of  those  immediately  about  the  mouth  of  our  river  would  long  ere  this  have  thrown  their  cool  shade  over  those  silvery  sands  where  we  delight  to  indulge  our  amphibious  propensities.  But  it  is  not  so  with  sandbanks  that  are  fed  daily  by  a  river  which  in  its  meanderings  passes  over  a  vast  stratum  of  loose  sand,  which  is  carried  down  and  deposited  by  its  waters  at  the  outfall  of  the  stream.  Thus  formed,  and  growing  into  fearful  magnitude,  we  find  those  at  the  very  mouth  of  our  river  raising  their  heads  to  the  height  of  three  and  even  ten  feet  above  the  level  of  low  water  mark  One  of  these  threatening  objects  to  the  tempest tempestdriven  driven tempestdriven  mariner  and  his  ship-owner  is  very  properly  designated  High  Bank  whilst  the  largest  of  the  remaining  and  almost  innumerable  groups  are  :ailed  North  Spit,  North  Bank,  and  Brazil  Each  of  these  form  a  link  in  the  chain  of  growing  sandbanks  which  lie  across  the  mouth  of  our  river,  and  which  must  eventually  destroy  the  navigation  of  its  estuary  if  not  attended  to  immediately.  The  whole  series  of  banks  here  alluded  to  are  separated  from  each  other  by  narrow  arteries,  which  form  the  deep  water  channels  for  large  shipping.  These,  however,  are  frequently  filled  up  to  a  con considerable  siderable considerable  extent  by  the  moving  of  the  smaller  or  shifting  banks.  Thus  in  time  they  may  become  entirely  filled  by  the  increasing  accumulations  from  the  river  ;  and  when  this  event  does  take  place,  our  port  will  be  reduced  to  a  very  low  rank.  A  glance  at  the  chart  of  the  river  and  its  estuary  will  con convince  vince convince  the  most  unskilled  in  such  matters  of  the  danger  to  be  apprehended.  But  let  us  now  look  at  the  subject  from  the  opposite  side,  and  let  it  be  taken  for  granted  that  sandbanks  do  not  and  that  river  and  its  approaches  are  all  right  There  are  many  who  say  and  think  this,  while  others  feel  it  to  be  their  interest  to  remain  silent;  but  as  such  opinions  exist,  it  is  necessary  to  deal  with  them.  Let  us  suppose  a  ship  with  a  fair  but  heavy  wind,  running  over  one  of  these  banks,  with  four  fathoms  water,  which  in  calm  weather  would  be  sufficient  for  all  our  purposes  of  navigation,  but  when  a  heavy  pressure  of  the  atmosphere  occurs,  which  we  term  a  gale,  the  four  fathom  soundings  would  be  reduced  to  one-half  or  perhaps  less;  for  it  must  be  remembered  that  the  height  to  which  the  waves  rise  under  atmospheric  pressure  not  only  adds  to  the  distance  the  ship  has  to  go,  by  the  undulations  it  produces,  but  it  also  reduces  the  depth  of  the  water,  by  the  displacement  by  which  the  ascending  wave  is  formed.  If  the  wave  in  this  case  should  rise  to  the  height  of  two  fathoms  above  the  smooth-water  level,  the  depth  of  water  left  between  the  waves  or  in  the  space  called  the  trough  of  the  would  be  two  fath fathoms,  oms, fathoms,  or  twelve  feet.  Here,  then,  a  ship  drawing  fifteen  or  eighteen  feet,  might  keep  her  course  under  the  impression  that  she  had  four  fathoms,  whereas  she  would  in  reality  have  only  the  rough-water  depth  of  two  fathoms,  when  she  must  most  inevitably  take  the  sand  either  stem  or  stern.  It  would  be  perfectly  useless  here  to  recount  the  number  of  vessels  that  have  been  driven  and  lost  on  one  and  all  of  these  banks,  as  we  feel  assured  that  it  is  only  necessary  to  direct  public  attention  to  the  real  magnitude  of  the  evil  in  question,  in  order  to  have  it  remedied.  Indeed,  it  is  hard  to  believe,  in  this  age  of  improve improvement,  ment, improvement,  that  the  dangers  we  point  to  arise  simply  from  the  existence  of  a  number  of  sand  banks  at  the  mouth  of  the  Mersey,  all  of  which  are  ac accossible  cossible accossible  at  low-water,  which  renders  it  all  the  more  singular  that  nothing  has  been  done  towards  re removing  moving removing  them.  No  one  will,  we  hope,  pretend  to  say  that  they  cannot  be  removed;  such  an  assertion  would  be  a  grave  insult  to  the  whole  engineering  profession.  The  fact  really  is,  that  the  vastness  of  the  under undertaking  taking undertaking  has  led  to  the  belief  that  it  is  quite  imprac impracticable.  ticable. impracticable.  But  if  we  look  to  what  Glasgow  has  done  for  the  Clyde,  it  becomes  a  reproach  for  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  to  entertain  such  a  notion.  The  improve improvement  ment improvement  of  the  Clyde  navigation  was  undertaken  by  the  shipowners  of  Glasgow,  after  ages  of  neglect  and,  pooh  !  pooh  !  from  drowsy  conservators,  Elder  Brethren,  and  a  host  of  other  authorities,  to  whom  everything  short  of  a  close  retention  of  pay  and  place  is  an  impossibility—an  application  was  made  to  Parliament  for  the  necessary  powers  to  com commence  mence commence  the  work  of  improvement.  This  was  speedily  obtained,  and  in  a  few  short  months  the  impossibilities  of  the  officials  disappeared  in  rapid  succession,  and  the  Clyde  became  a  safe  navigable  river  for  vessels  of  the  largest  tonnage.  Let  us  hope,  then,  that  the  shipowners  of  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  will  follow  the  example  of  their  brethren  of  the  Clyde,  and  that  we  shall  soon  see  a  bill  before  Parliament,  conferring  the  necessary  powers  on  some  local  body  for  the  improvement  of  the  navi navigation  gation navigation  of  the  river  Mersey.  To  carry  out  this  necessary  object,  a  committee  of  shipowners  should  be  formed  for  the  purpose  of  obtaining  proposals  and  estimates  of  the  cost  of  the  work  to  be  done;  and  having  done  this,  the  committee  should  pre prepare  pare prepare  their  bill,  and  place  it  in  the  hands  of  one  of  the  borough  members  to  carry  through  Parliament.  As  for  looking  to  the  conservator  of  the  Mersey  —a  government  gentleman  who  resides  in  either  Surrey  or  Sussex—or  to  the  Trinity  Board,  who  think  they  do  quite  enough  when  they  light  our  coasts  at  a  most  exorbitant  charge—is  quite  absurd.  That  the  improvement  we  suggest  is  most  necessary,  no  one  will  pretend  to  deny;  and  that  the  shipowners  are  the  persons  who  ought  to  com commence  mence commence  the  work  is  equally  obvious.  But,  should  the  shipowners  neglect  the  important  work,  we  hope  the  Toivn  Council  will  give  it  their  attention.  They  have,  or  can  raise,  ample  funds  to  carry  out  all  the  preliminary  inquiries  and  arrangements  which  must  be  made  before  any.  positive  proposi proposition  tion proposition  can  be  made-to  Parliament.  In  the  Meantime,  we  are  on  the  verge  of  another  dreary  winter,  and  let  us  hope  that  our  neglect  of  a  paramount  duty  may  not  swell  the  frightful  mortality  which  must  occur  in  bad  weather  in  the  estuary  of  the  Mersey  in  its  present  state  THE  appalling  railway  accident  which  we  exclu exclusively  sively exclusively  reported  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  on  Friday  last,  is  the  first  recorded  on  the  Irish  rail railways,  ways, railways,  and  one  of  the  most  heart-rending  that  has.  ever  occurred  in  any  country.  Such  fearful  calam calamities,  ities, calamities,  however,  cannot  happen  without  some  distinct  and  definable  cause  ;  and  in  the  case  to  which  we  are  alluding,  we  are  told,  that  the  accident  arose  from  the  breaking  of  a  portion  of  the  locomotive  en engine  gine engine  attached  to  a  passenger  train,  which  caused  the  train  to  stop  and  stand  on  the  up-rail  for  about  half-an-hour  ;  and  that  while  standing  still,  a  lug luggage  gage luggage  train  came  up  at  full  speed  and  ran  into  it,  causing  an  amount  of  death  and  destruction-too  fearful  to  contemplate.  The  circumstances  under  which  the  accident  occurred  are  such  as  may  arise  under  the  most  careful  management,  and  in  any  part  of  the  world.  The  pending  inquiry  before  the  Coroner  is  there therefore  fore therefore  one  of  universal  importance.  The  origin  of  the  accident  being  strictly  stated,  it  remains  to  be  seen  whether  the  engine  which  broke  down  was  properly  inspected  by  a  competent  superintendent  of  locomotives  previous  to  the  starting  of  the  passenger  train,  and  if  reported  fit  for  work,  whether  the  subsequent  breaking  of  the  engine  be  attribu attributable  table attributable  to  any  want  of  skill  or  attention  on  the  part  of  the  driver,  and  if  the  means  employed  by  the  ;omparty.  to  guard  against  collisions  in  such  3ommon-place  cases  are  sufficient  for  emergencies,  such  as  the  present.  If  the  examination  before  he  Coroner  does  not  throw  some  light  on  these  points,  the  whole  proceedings  will  amount  simply  :o  a  record  of  woe  and  lamentation,  which  the  public  must  deplore,  but  cannot  remedy.  With  regard  to  the  means  employed  to  warn  the  approaching  train  of  danger,  was  all  done  that  might  have  been  done?  Despatching  the  guard  down  the  line  with  a  red  light  was  doing  one  thing,  but  where  was  the  driver's  whistle  ?  The  night,  we  are  told,  was  dark  and  foggy.  This  is  no  uncommon  ,hing,  but  in  such  cases  the  whistle  is  the  warning  ,o  be  employed.  This,  however,  was  not  used.  The  guard  with  his  red  signal  light  was  all  that  was  thought  of  ;  but  if  the  whistle  had  been  blown  with  its  full  power  at  short  intervals,  or  contin-  uously,  from  the  moment  at  which  the  passenger  train  stopped,  the  probability  is,  that  its  shrill  sound  would  have  been  heard  when  the  light  could  not  have  been  seen,  and  that  this  terrible  event  would  have  been  prevented.  In  using  the  light,  it  is  not  at  all  likely  that  the  guard  walked  at  the  risk  of  his  life  on  or  between  the  rails  on  which  his  train  was  standing,  but  on  the  contrary,  that  he  went  for  safety  on  the  down  line  of  rails,  and  if  he  did  this,  the  driver  on  the  luggage  train  would  naturally  enough  take  the  red  light  shown  by  the  guard  for  the  light  of  a  down  train,  in  which  case  he  would  be  perfectly  justified  in  the  absence  of  a  signal  from  the  whistle,  to  keep  on  at  full  speed.  That  the  driver  o  f  the  luggage  train  must  have  seen  the  light  is  quite  certain,  and  that  he  took  it  for  some  signal  for  the  down-rail,  instead  of  the  up-line,  which  he  was  on,  is,  in  all  probability  the  fact.  Should  this  prove  to  be  the  case,  as  we  feel  assured  it  will,  the  whole  'blame,  if  any,  reverts  again  to  the  company  If  the  passenger  train's  engine  was  in  the  slightest  degree  out  of  .  order  when  it  started,  no  amount  of  reprobation  or  pecuniary  loss  is  too  great  for  the  company.  If  on  the  other  hand,  the  engine  was  in  perfect  working  order  when  it  com commenced  menced commenced  the  journey,  and  that  the  train  was  fur furnished  nished furnished  with  proper  lamps,  which  were  all  properly  lighted,  then  the  whole  blame  lies  between  the  driver  of  the  passenger  train,  who  neglected  to  sound  his  whistle,  and  the  passengers  who  were  so  lamentably  unfortunate  as  to  have  remained  in  the  carriages,  while  the  engine  was  under  repair  The  Great  Southern  and  Western  Railway  Com Company,  pany, Company,  has  for  a  long  time  been  held  up  to  Europe  as  an  example,  both  for  the  excellence  of  its  management  of  capital  and  traffic,  and  as  one  of  the  best  paying  lines  of  its  age.  We  should  there therefore  fore therefore  be  sorry  in  the  absence  of  the  most  conclusive  evidence,  to  attribute  any  blame  to  the  Directors  or  officers  of  the  company.  As  long  as  railways  are  in  existence,  we  shall  •  be  subject  to  their  dangers,  which  are  after  all  ninety-nine  per  cent  less  than  those  of  the  old  coach  or  even  omnibus  system.  That  the  chances  of  railway  accidents  may  be  further  reduced,  we  are  ready  to  believe  ;  and  we  most  sincerely  trust  that  all  the  circumstances  attending  this  last  catastrophe  will  be  coolly  weighed  by  the  Directors  of  railway  companie  s  generally,  and  arrangements  made  to  secure  the  stoppage  of  trains  where  danger  is  imminent,  the  safety  of  passengers,  and  the  prompt  use  of  signals,  both  of  sound  and  light.  In  fact,  past  dangers  should  be  the  guides  to  future  safety.  REVISION  OF  THE  MUNICIPAL  LIST.—The  revision  of  the  list  was  resumed  on  the  sitting  of  the  Court  at  ten  o'clock  on  Saturday  :  one-fourth  of  the  objections  having  been  only  .  gone  through  up  to  twelve  o'clock  on  that  day,  the  Mayor  said  that  unless  some  agreement  were  come  to  between  the  parties,  as  the  list  should  be  concluded  by  the  15th,  he  would  only  sit  for  every  other  day.  The  business  lasted  from  eight  o'clock  in  the  morning,  until  twelve  o'clock  at  night.  It  would  certainly  be  an  inconvenience  to  himself  to  do  so,  but  yet  he  should  save  the  time  of  the  public,  and  not  suffer  gentlemen  to  attend  in  Court  day  after  day  to  the  serious  neglect  of  their  business.  Two  o'clock  having  been  fixed  on  for  the  hearing  of  the  objections  in  Rodney  Ward,  up  to  the  letter  the  Court-house  at  that  hour  was  very  much  crowded  with  parties  either  claiming  to  be  put  on  the  list,  or  who  were  objected  to.  The  Mayor  again  asked  if  some  ar arrangement  rangement arrangement  could  not.be  oome  to  with  regard  to  the  objec objections  tions objections  in  this  Ward.—Mr.  Buckmaster  replied  that  he  was  prepared  to  make  the  same  liberal  offer  he  had  already  made  —to  withdraw  all  the  objections,  provided  the  other  side  did  the  same.—Mr.  Davis  said  that  he  could  not  withdraw  the  objections.'  The  reason  the  Liberal  party  had  issued  objec objections  tions objections  this  time,  was  because  last  year  they  were  without  cause  objected  to  in  great  numbers,  and  they  had  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  either  to  submit  to  the  loss  of  their  votes,  or  attend  in  Court  at  great  personal  inconvenience.  They  had  accord accordingly  ingly accordingly  resolved  to  check  that  system  by  retaliation  on  their  part.  The  objections  were  then  proceeded  with.  LIST  OF  PASSENGERS  PER  NIAGARA  STEAM  SHIP,  —  From  Boston  :—Mr.  Edmunds  and  lady,  Mr.  A.  Prout,  Mrs.  Hebron,  Miss  P.LBridge,  Mr.  Winslow,  lady,  and  servant,  Mr.  I.  Wilson,  Miss  Moore,  Mr.  Wilbor,  Mr.  McKenzie,  two  children,  and  servant,  Mr.  Spencer,  lady,  two  children,  and  servant,  Mrs.  Bradshaw,  Mr.  Blakie  and  lady,  Mr.  W.  Blakeborough,  Mr.  Thompson,  Mrs.  Blakebourough,  Mr.  Nesbit,  Mr.  G.  Davis,  Mr.  Brt,  Mr.  R.  E.  Clarke  and  lady,  Mr.  Wallack,  Mrs.  E.  Spring  and  child,  Mr.  D.  An Anderson,  derson, Anderson,  Mr.  J.  Berkenshaw,  Mr.  Wright,  Mr.  P.  Smith,  Mr.  McDonnell,  Mr.  H.  E.  Robbins,  Mr.  W.  Hastings,  Mr.  W.  Bitt,  Rev.  It.  McNeill,  Mr.  Pentland,  Mr.  T.  N.  Williams,  Mr.  Chappel,  Mr.  G.  E.  Perkins.  From  Halifax  :—Mr.  Penrice  and  lady,  Lieut.  Col.  Taylor,  Mr.  Jno.  Goodall,  Mr.  J.  Le  Brun,  Mr.  Davies,  Mr.  Lane,  Mr.  Vaughan,  Mr.  Haves.  GAMBIAN  LITERARY  DEBATING  SOCIETY.—A  con concert  cert concert  and  meeting  of  a  miscellaneous,  in  aid  of  the  funds  of  this  society,  took  place  at  the  Assembly  Rooms,  Great  George-street,  on  Friday  evening.  The  attendance  was  very  respectable.  Dr.  Lodge  presided.  Miss  E.  Williams,  the  Welsh  assisted,  and  sang  several  national  songs  in  a  very  pleasing  and  effective  manner.  Some  gen gentlemen  tlemen gentlemen  of  ability  gave  Welsh  recitations,  and  explanations  of  the  historical  customs  of  that  country,  and  the  perfor performance  mance performance  on  the  Welsh  harps  was  most  pleasing.  THE  PACKET  SHIP  NEW  WORLD.—A  paragraph  was  inserted  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TDIBS,  of  Saturday,  representing  that  two  of  the  crew  of  the  New  World  had  jumpsd  overboard,  whilst  that  vessel  was  on  her  passage  from  New  York  to  this  port,  in  consequence  of  the  ill-treatment  received  from  the  officers.  We  have  since,  on.  investigation  found  there  was  no  ill-treatment  whatever,  , STYLE=superscript  -and  therefore  take  the  earliest  opportunity  of  correcting  the  error,  and  egret  that  we  should,  in  any  way  have  given  currency  to  a  paragraph  containing  the  misrepresentation."
