text
"ROYAL  AMPHITHEATRE.  PABLO  FANQUE'S  COMPANY  I—GRAND  MORNING  PERFORMANCE  1  I  —Tuts  DAY  (Friday),  December  the  23rd.  Doors  open  at  One,  Commence  at  Two.  ELLA  and  LEON  will  - STYLE=superscript  appear.  Enthusiastic  and  rapturous  applause  greets  each  appearance  of  STOKE'S  AMERICAN  WONDERS  !  ELLA  and  LEON  !  Tars  EVIIIING  (Friday),  December  23rd,  the  Entertainments  will  be  for  the  BENEFIT  OF  YOUNG  LEON,  being  positively  the  last  night  but  one  of  ELLA  end  LEON'S  engagement.—  Doors  open  at  a  quarter  to  7,  Performances  commence  at  half-past  7.  Admission:  Dress  Circle,  35.;  Side  Boxes,  .ts,  ;  Pit,  Is.  6d.  ;  Gallery,  6d.  Second  Price—Dress  Circle,  25.;  Skis  Boxes,  Is.  6d.;  Pit,  Is.  ;  no  second  price  to  Gallery.  Second  Price  to  Boxes  and  Pit  at  nine  o'clock.  ROY  AL  ADELPHI  THEATRE,  Christian  Street,  Islington.  In  Preparation,  for  Monday  Evening,  December  25th,  the  New  Serlo-Comic  PANTOMIME  ,  which  will  be  produced  during  the  Christmas  Holidays,  with  Gorgeous  New  Scenery  by  Messrs.  Mathews  and  Rarnsdert,  Machinery  by  Mr.  Atkins,  and  Appointments  by  Mr.  Gibbs,  entitled  THE  VALE  OF  GEMS  ;  or,  HARLEQUIN  AND  SINRAD  THE  SAILOR,  ♦ND  TUN  FAIRY  oe  CORA  r.  GROT.  Sinbad,  the  sailor,  Miss  Cerre,  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Haymarket.  Harlequin,  Mr.  C.  Brown.  Pantaloon,  Mr.  Jackson.  Columbine,  Miss  E.  Gibbs.  Clown,  Herr  Teesale.  Sprite,  Signor  Sylvaul.—Centre  Boxes,  25.;  Side  Boxes,  Is.;  Pit  6d.;  Gal Gallery,  lery, Gallery,  ad.  ROYAL  PARK  THEATRE.  Parliament-Street,  near  St.  James's  Market.  To-mozzow  (Saturday)  Evening,  Dec.  24th,  A  VARIETY  OF  ENTERTAINMENTS,  in  which  the  whole  Company  will  appear.—  Extraordinary  Christmas  Attraction.  —On  MONDAY  NEXT,  the  26th  instant,  will  be  produced  a  New  Magniloquently  Grand,  Comical,  Local,  Operatical,  Csbalistical,  and  A  nachronismatical  CHRISTMAS  PANTOMIME,  entitled,  ORMSHEADTHE  GREAT;  or,  HARLEQUIN  &amp;  JENNY  JONES,  AND  THE  FLOWER  OF  SNOWDON.  Written  expressly  for  this  theatre  by  the  author  of  Siege  of  Sze.,  with  new  and  benuti;  ful  scenery,  by  Mr.  John  Wright,  from  her  Majesty's  Theatre,  Mr.  Liver,  and  assistants;  properties  by  Mr.  /lames;  Music,  composed  by  Mr.  Hope  ;  Machinery,  by  Mr.  Jackson  ;  dresses  by  Mr.  West  and  assistants  ;  and  the  whole  produced  under  the  immediate  superintendence  of  the  Lessee,  Mr.  R.  Edgar.  Snowdrop,  the  Fair  Flower  of  Snowdon,  with  a  few  which  the  author  has  thrust  upon  her,  Miss  Marriott  ;  Lushisne,  a  doubtful  specimen  of  a  Fairy,  afterwards  Clown,  Mr.  J.  Appleby  ;  Davydd  Jones,  an  ancient  Briton,  Mr.  Wilmore,  afterwards  Pantaloon,  Mr.  P.  Anderson,  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Drury-lane  ;  Edward  Morgan,  with  a  terrific  com 'combat,'  Mr.  S.  Lennox;  afterwards  Harlequin,  Signor  Guarrino,  from  her  Majesty's  Theatre;  Jenny  Jones,  the  Flower  of  North  Wales,  Mrs.  J.  Appleby,  afterwards  Columbine,  Mad'lie  Rose,  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Edinburgh;  Sprite,  Signor  Vilderini,  the  wonderful  contortion►st  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Drury-lane.  The  remainder  of  the  characters  by  the  entire  Dramatic  and  Pantomimic  artistes  attached  to  the  establishroent,  forming  the  most  complete  and  powerful  cast  ever  submitted  to  a  Liverpool  public.  The  Pantomime  will  be  preceded  by  a  grave  Episode,  in  which  the  shades  of  Joe  Miller  and  the  Author  wi►l  have  very  lively  representa representatives.  tives. representatives.  Doors  open  at  half  past  six,  to  commence  at  seven  o'clock  pre precisely.  cisely. precisely.  Prices  of  admission.—Dress  Boxes,  35.;  Front  Boxes,  2s.  Pit,  Is.;  Gallery,  6d.  Half-price  to  the  Boxes  at  Nine  o'clock,  Books  of  the  Pantomime  may  be  obtained  at  the  T:.eatre.  GAME  PIES!  GAME  PIES  !—The  Celebrated  Yorkshire  Game  Pies  !—The  greatest  Treat  of  the  season  for  Christmas  Parties.  Suitable  for  Ladies,  as  well  as  Epicures,  and  everybody  else.  Made  only  by  W.  LAWTON,  BEE  HOTEL,  Queen-square  —who  contracts  for  Public  Balls,  Suppers,  and  other  large  Entertainments—where  will  be  found  Good  Beds,  Good  Viands,  Good  Wines,  &amp;c  .  HIGH  WATER  IN  THE  MERSEY.  This  DAY  —Morning,  3h.  59m  .  .  .  .  Afternoon,  4h.  29m.  FRIDAY,  DECEMBER  23,  1853.  Lord  PALMERSTON'S  resignation,  it  appears,  was  not  attributable  to  the  position  of  affairs  in  the  East,  or  to  the  policy  pursued  by  the  ABERDEEN  Cabinet  in  the  Turco-Russian  war.  This  we  au authoratively  thoratively authoratively  stated  yesterday.  It  was  on  the  questiBn  of  Parliamentary  Reform  that  the  HOME  SECRETARY  retired  from  office.  But  what  is  the  effect  of  this  step  ?  Simply  to  frustrate  a  line  of  policy  which  the  noble  Viscount,  to  be  consistent,  could  not  be  a  party  to.  The  attitude  which  he  has  for  years  preserved,  and  which  has  mainly  tended  to  arrest  the  aggressive  views  of  the  CZAR,  and  to  protect  the  sovereignty  of  the  SULTAN  from  immolation,  was  diametrically  opposed  to  that  which  has  led  to  the  invasion  of  the  Turkish  ter-  ritory.  The  Russian  diplomatists•  seeing  the  inexplica  ble  position  of  parties  in  •  England  at  the  period  the  coalition  Ministry  was  „formed,  measured  the  weakness  of  the  Constitutional  party,  by  the  re removal  moval removal  of  Lord  PALMERSTON  from  the  Foreign  to  the  Home.  Office,  and  the  utter  impotence  of  a  Cabinet  which  still  contained  within  itself  the  very  essence  of  the  elements  which  Russia  had  most  cause  to  dread.  And  the  CZAR  could  not  help  seeing  that  if  a  Cabinet  so  formed  could  hold  toge together,  ther, together,  his  policy,  with  regard  to  Turkey,  was  certain  of  success,  or  that  a  breach  in  our  Cabinet  would  give  him  time  to  push  forward  his  arms  and  that  a  new  Administration  might  be  formed  which  would  be  still  more  favourable  to  his  designs.  Thus  far  NICHOLAS'S  diplomatic  speculations  have  proved  correct  to  the  very  letter.  The  removal  of  Lord  PALMERSTON  from  the  administration  of  our  Foreign  Affairs,  not  only  bespoke  the  great  weak weakness  ness weakness  of  the  Liberal  party  in  England,  but  it  stulti stultified  fied stultified  the  moral  and  political  power  of  the  Cmistitu  tional  Governments  of  the  rest  of  Europe.  From  these  favourable  circumstances,  howe-7er,  the  CZAR  has  only  gained  time  to  mature  his  plans,  and  to  add  a  few  more  bloody  pages  to  the  history  of  his  impious  career.  The  cause  of  Constitutional  Go Government  vernment Government  has,  through  all  time,  been  the  gainer  by  the  sanguinary  exploits  of  despotism.  The  downfall  of  Poland  produced  a  re-action  in  the  minds  of  Europe,  which  led  to  the  emancipa emancipation  tion emancipation  of  the  Roman  Catholics  of  Ireland—the  banishment  of  Charles  X  from  France—the  estab establishment  lishment establishment  of  the  independence  of  Belgium  —the  flight  of  Don  .  Miguel  from  Portugal,  and  the  over overthrow  throw overthrow  of  the  .Carlists  in  Spain.  Hence  then,  the  gains  of  rational  freedom  greatly  out-balanced  those  of  despotism;  and  if  NAPOLEON  pursues  the  safe  and  inexpensive  policy  so  successfully  followed  by  Louis  PHILIPPE,  much  safety  to  society  will  be  the  result,  and  the  cause  of  Constitutional  Govern Government  ment Government  will  be  very  .  materially  advanced.  In  adopting  Free  Trade  the  EMPEROR  is  doing  much  to  turn  the  current  of  remunerative  pursuits  towards  France,  and  away  from  •  those  countries  which  exist  •wholly  by  restrictive  and  arbitrary  legislation.  By  moral  means  such  as  these,  greater  revolutions  can  be  accomplished  than  by  the  use  of  all  the  swords  of  Christendom.  For  a  demonstration  of  the  truth  of  this  assertion  we  need  only  turn  to  the  history  of  the  United  States.  Here  the  force  of  example  led  to  the  overthrow  of  European  despotisM  throughout  the  American  continent.  But  the  accomplishments  of  the  sword  in  these  regions  arc  as  nothing  compared  to  that  which  has  been  won  by  wise  and  economic  legis  lation.  The  comprehensive  policy  of  the  States  government,  which  seeks  the  free  navigation  of  the  Amazon—the  annexation  of  the  Sandwich  Islands—increased  freedom  of  intercourse  with  China  and  Japan—and  which  looks  to  the  distant  shores  of.  Eastern  Asia  for  fresh  supplies  of  a  labouring  population,  are  all  undertakings  of  sufficient  magnitude  to  test  the  power  of  moral  means  for  the  accomplishment  of  the  greatest  of  human  designs.  Happily,  the  sword  of  the  fool  or  the  despot  can  only  inflict  pain  on  the  human  race,  whereas  the  moral  power  placed  at  tihe  disposal  of  all  well-regulated•governments  is  caps  ble  of  raising  millions  of  beings  in  the  social  scale,  and  sustaining  them  in  the  great  fold  of  civilisation.  The  greatness  of  a  nation  does  -  not  lie  in  the  number  and  exploits  of  its  warriors,  but  in  the  comfort,  happiness,  and  morality  of  the  great  masses  of  its  people  ;  and  the  form  of  government  which  produces  such  a  practical  result  is  that  alone  to  whiCh  the  great  masses  of  mankind  must  eventually  attach  them  selves.  Holding.these  views  as  the  great  practical  result  to  be  attained  by  the  spread  of  the  great  moral  laws  under  which  we  exist,  we  apprehend  but  little  from  the  efforts  of  despotism,  beyond  a  merciless  effusion  of  blood,  which  may  produce  universal  exasperation,  and  hurry  nation  after  nation  into  extremes.  To  check  this,  great  concessions  must  be  made,  and  we  question  much  if  the  Autocratic  Rulers  of  Europe  will  not  be  among  the  first  to  dis discover  cover discover  that  safety  lies  in  moderation,  and  not  in  the  works  of  the  sword.  Few  men  in  the  moderate  party  of  Europe  have  held  a  more  conspicuous  position  than  Lord  Par.:RsTorr,  and  the  fact  of  his  retiring  from  office  at  a  moment  when  concessions  are  called  for,  and  when  they  are  about  to  be  granted,  is  to  us  a  matter  of  .no  small  astonishment.  In  the  principles  or  details  of  the  proposed  mea measure  sure measure  of  Reform,  there  must  be  some  startling  feature.  It  must,  indeed,  be  .very  restrictive,  or  progressisie  in  the  extreme,  when  the  step  taken  by  the  noble  Viscount  jeopardises  the  constitutional  cause  of  Europe,  by  leaving  the  two  extremes  of  politica  antagonis7n  to  struggle  for  the  ascendancy  in  the  absence  or  the  recognised  champion  of  moderation.  The  meeting  of  Parliament,  fortunately,  is  not  far  distant,  and  Lord  PALMERSTON'S  paramount  duty  will  then  be  to  seize  the  earliest  opportunity  of  giving  a  full  and  candid  explanation  to  the  country  of  the  real  cause  Of  his  resignation,  an  event  which  has  produced  an  amount  of  public  anxiety  almost  unequalled.  If  the  new  Reform  Bill  be  one  which  is  likely  to  produce  much  bitter  discussion,  its  introduction  must  be  greatly  lamented,  as  our  Foreign  and  Colonial  interests  are  in  such  a  posi  tion  as  to  call  for  the  utmost  vigilance,  and  the  al.  most  undivided  attention  of  the  Legislature,  THE  MINISTRY.  A  cabinet  council  was  held  yesterday  at  the  Fore  ign-office,  at  half-past  one  o'clock.  Sir  James  Graham  visited  Portsmouth  on  Tuesday  from  Osborne,  and  •  returned  again  in  the  evening.  He  left  Osborne  finally  for  town  on  Wednesday.  (From  our  Second  Edition  of  Yesterday.)  The  Herald  says  it  is  generally  believed  that  Sir  James  Graham  accepts  the.  Secretaryship  of  the  Home  Department,  and  that  Lord  Panmure  is  to  be  First  Lord  of  the  Admiralty.  The  Daily  News  says  it  is  currently  reported  that  Mr.  Disraeli  has  pre prepare&amp;  pare&amp; prepare&amp;  the  outline  of  a  measure  of  parliamentary  re reform.  form. reform."
