text
"deserving  objects  too—on  whom  to  bestow  their  liberality.  The  poor,  not  only  should  receive  our  bounty  as  a  favour—they  have  a  positive  claim  to  it  as  a  right.  And  perhaps  there  is  no  time  more  befitting  the  exercise  of  charity  than  this  particular  period,  when  hale  old  Father  Christmas  approaches,  bringing  gladness  to  our  habitations  and  joyous joyousness  ness joyousness  to  our  hearts.  Beside  relieving  the  indigent  and  supplying  the  wants  of  the  necessitous,  we  can  also  do  a  further  good,  by  refraining  from  the  transaction  of  business  on  Boxing  There  is  a  loud  and  earnest  cry  from  all  parts  of  England  for  a  day  of  recreation  and  pleasure,  wherein  the  toiling  artizan  and  the  weary  labourer  may  throw  off  the  pressure  of  care,  and  seek  renewed  health  and  vigour  for  their  con continuous  tinuous continuous  and  arduous  avocations.  Let  them  have  it.  Merchants,  manufacturers,  and  shopkeepers,  give  your  men  a  holiday.  You  will  be  none  the  worse  for  it  ;  whilst  they  will  be  much  the  better!  Christmas,  hoary  Christmas,  is  no  respecter  of  per persons.  sons. persons.  Under  every  roof  and  homestead—in  the  cot  of  the  peasant,  as  well  as  the  palace  of  the  prince,  he  takes  up  his  abode,  and  is  as  much  cheered  by  the  poor  man's  ale  as  by  the  rich  man's  sherry.  Come,  then  ;  let  us  actively  prepare  for  his  coming,  and  let  each  one  do  what  in  hini  lies  to  procure  for  himself  and  others  a  happy  Christ•  raas  !  THE  Life  Assurance  meeting,  held  on  Wednesday  evening,  at  Clayton-hall,  was  one  of  a  very  interest interesting  ing interesting  and  peculiar  character.  In  the  list  of  names  of  the  gentlemen  present,  we  notice  many  of  our  lead leading  ing leading  and  tried  philanthropists  and  reforthers,  with  a  slight  sprinkling  of  gentlemen  of  the  red-tape  and  tin-box  school.  Of  the  latter,  we  can  only  say  they  were,  as  usual,  loose  and  empty  ;  while  the  former  dealt  with  the  great  moral  and  social  question  of  life  insurance  in  a  way  which  showed  the  utmost  singleness  of  thought,  and  the  perfect  disinterested disinterestedness  ness disinterestedness  of  their  hearts.  The  noble  chairman  spoke  with  all  the  manliness  and  consideration  of  the  good  old  Englishman  He  touched  upon  all  those  phases  in  every-day  life  which  call  forth  frugality,  thoughtfulness,  and  self-respect,  among  the  great  masses  of  his  fellow-men  ;  while  the  Rev.  H.  STOWELL  BROWN  reviewed  the  moral  and  religious  bearings  of  the  question  of  life  insurance,  with  a  degree  of  care  and  impressiveness  which  infused  into  the  minds  of  his  hearers  much  higher  views  of  the  great  principles  involved  in  the  object  of  the  meeting,  than  many  had  previously  .eer  heard  of,  or  bestowed  a  thought  upon.  On  the  commercial  points  involved  in  the  sub subject  ject subject  of  insurance  little  or  nothing,  however,  trans transpired  pired transpired  to  increase  the  public  confidence,  in  the  prin principle  ciple principle  on  which  life  insurance,  generally  is  based.  On  the  contrary:  the  looseness  and  short  comings  of  the  gentlemen  who  were  supposed  to  deal  with  this  most  essential  branch  of  the  subject,  soon  became  manifest,  and  if  the  cause  of  the  most  pro profound  found profound  philanthropy  was  not  advanced  by  the  dis discussion,  cussion, discussion,  the  principles  of  insurance  were  not  very  materially  exalted  by  the  details  of  the  every-day  practice  of  the  Insurance  Office.  Mr.  WEAR  in  speaking  on  this  latter  point,  and  after  describing  the  strict  legal  course  to  be  pursued  in  the  forma formation  tion formation  of  a  Life  Insurance  Company,  went  on  to  say,  that  until  complete  registration  took  place,  the  parties  could  not  proceed  to  business.  They  would  take  a  company  for  instance,  with  a  capital  of  100,0001.—let  it  be  minded  a  capital  they  never  intended  to  get  in,  for  if  they  did  they  never  would  declare  it,  inasmuch  as  it  cost  them  much  more  to  register  it,  but  they  declared  such  a  capital,  merely,because  Englishmen  were  fond  of  seeing  a  large  row  of  figures.  He  would  further  and  say  that  it  was  not  necessary  for  a  company  to  have  a  capital  at  all.  But  before  they  were  allowed  to  issue  a  single  policy,  they  should  shew  the  signatures  ofidifferent  shareholders  for  one  fourth  of  the  amount.  He  was  not  going  to  shew  them,  as  it  would  occupy  too  much  of  their  time,  how  that  was  avoided.  It  was  avoided;  he  hoped  the  day  was  fast  approaching  when  this  work  would  not  bear  the  light.  After  corn 'corn'  plete  registration  a  certain  portion  of  the  capital  was  called  in  ;  but  when  they  had  got  the  certi 'certi'  ficate  of  complete  registration  _they  were  entitle  d  go  to  work,  which  they  generally  did  by  advertising  and  appointing  agents.  Little  or  no  notice  was  taken  of  them  before  they  commenced  doing  In  this  very  candid  statement  of  Mr.  WEAR'S,  we  fear  there  is  butltoo  much  truth.  A  large  board— boarda  a boarda  long  string  of  figures,  say  a  1,000,0001.,  a  tin  box,  and  a  very  intellectual  secretary,  form  the  principal  stock  in  hand  of  a  life  insurance  office.  Starting  from  this  point,  they  get  a  certain  number  of  lives  where  their  amounts  to,  say  10,0001.  To  this  twenty-five  per  cent  is  added  or  deducted,  it  little  matters  which,  as  the  insurer  has  to  pay  it— itfor  for itfor  expenses,  such  as  advertising,  agencies,  tin  boxes,  secretaries,  and  for  dividends,  at  the  rate  of  five  per  cent.  on  a  capital,  which  is  not  required,  and  a  certain  portion  of  which  only  is  paid  up  under  any  circumstances.  Now,  we  must  say,  that  any  gentleman  who  takes  the  trouble  and  expense  upon  himself  to  come  down  from  London,  at  this  inclement  season  of  the  year,  to  enlighten  us  in  the  provinces  on  this  subject,  is  entitled  to  the  wai  mest  thanks  of  the  Liverpool  public.  As  for  ourselves,  we  should  like  to  hear  Mr.  WEAR  again  on  the  subject,  as  it  is  well  to  know  the  secrets  of  the  prison  house  before  one  gets  into  an  awkward  position  ;  indeed,  we  are  inclined  to  believe  that  to  be  insured  against  Insurance,  on  Mr.  WEAR'S  principle,  becomes  a  matter  of  sound  social  economy,  and  high  moral  propriety.  But  notwithstanding  all  that  may  be  said  against  Life  Insurance,  and  despite  all  the  defects  in  its  practical  operation,  the  man  who  insures  his  life  for  the  benefit  of  those  who  may  come  after  him,  follows  the  example  of  his  Creator,  whose  .  most  anxious  care  of  to-day  is  to  bestow  .a  full  and  bountiful  provision  on  the  creation  of  to-  But  this  sublime  work  of  the  Godhead  s  accomplished  by  great  and  immutable  laws—  morrow.  involving  certain  intelligible  principles,  which  pro produce  duce produce  the  beautiful  reality,  There  is,  and  ,  ever  shall  be  enough,  and  more  than  enough,  for  To  participate  in  this  reality  much  is  required  of  the  genius  and  application  of  man's  care.  And  if  these  two  conspicuous  . STYLE=superscript  elements  of  the  present  age  be  applied  to  the  subject  of  Life  Insurance,  the  philanthropists  who  come  forward  to  promote  it  now,  with  all  its  existing  defects,  will  have  reason  to  be  proud  of  the  good  they  have  done  for  their  kind,  by  directing  the  attention  of  the  Sasses  to  the  solemn  ques  ti  on  Wh  a  t  i  s  the  lue  of  life  As  far  as  genius  has  penetrated  as  yet,  we  have  only  discovered  that  the  human  race  increases  geometrically.  But  this  brings  us  to  the  very  threshold  of  perfection  in  the  science,  of  Life  Insurance.  By  the  increase  in  popu  lation,  we  can  estimate  very  closely  the  probable  increase  in  the  agricultural  and  general  wealth  of  all  well  regulated  nations.  In  America  by  cal calculating  culating calculating  the  increase  of  population,  they  decide  the  number  of  acres  of  land  that  will  be  brought  into  cultivation,  the  quantity  which  will  be  added  ;o  the  store  of  man,  and  the  amount  of  wealth  hat  will  flow  from  all  the  other  ramifications  of  civilized  life  within  a  given  number  of  years,  from  a  given  number  of  people.  Here,  then,  we  find  the"
