text
"r.  CLo  M.  GARRETT  vessels  we  have  no  The  CHAIRMAN  Mr.  CROSBIE  them,  Mr  Mr.  NEILI  s  the  api  nem  apd  beauty  COnfessor's  The  CHAIRMAN:  Those  are  matters  that  have  occurred  to  to  me  ;  how  far  they  may  agree  with  your  combined  ideas  I  cannot  say,  but  I  feel  it  my  duty,  as  president  of  the  asso association,  ciation, association,  to  say  how  deeply  I  feel  the  annoyance  to  which  übject  under  tlie  - STYLE=superscript  conflicting  circumstances  against  Apprentices  had  been  referred  to,  but  that  is  a  trival  matter  ;  and,  as  far  as  I  understand,  all  the  circumstances  I  have  heard  and  read  on  the  subject,  cannot  be  borne  out  in  fact.  I  now  leave  it  to  you  to  deal  with  the  subject  as  you  think  proper.  Mr.  CLAYTON  suggested  it  should  all  stand  over  until  after  the  meeting  with  the  men.  The  CHAIRMAN  thought  they  ought  to  let  the  men  and  the  public  know  what  their  opinions  were  on  the  present  case.  The  cartage  reiolution  was  not  one  that  he  should  like  to  see  put  on  one  side.  Mr.  GRAYSON  remarked  that  the  men  having  so  far  met  them,  in  endeavouring  to  ascertain  the  number  of  men  wanted  by  several  employers,  and  also  having  acceded  to  the  preposition  •  that  six  of  their  body  to  form  a  committee  should  meet  with  an  equal  number  of  masters,  it  would  be  premature,  under  those  circumstances,  to  break  up  in  an  abrupt  manner  proceedings  which  had  been  so  far  amicably  conducted.  What  might  be  the  result  he  could  not  tell.  There  appeared  to  be  a  very  decided  ob objection  jection objection  to  admitting  apprentices  in  their  sixth  year  as  jour journeymen;  neymen; journeymen;  but  he  merely  threw  that  out  as  a  suggestion  that  occurred  to  him.  There  appeared  to  be  on  the  part  of  the  men  an  inclination  to  meet  the  necessities  of  the  trade,  either  by  piece  work,  or  it  might  be  an  increase  of  men  who  had  really  served  seven  years  to  the  business.  That  would  still  better.meet  the  wishes  of  the  employers.  Whatever  it  be,  he  (Mr.  Grayson)  thought  they  should  meet  the  men  and  give  them  the  opportunity  of  forming  a  joint  committee,  and  he  hoped  beneficial  results  would  accrue  from  it.  He  should  therefore  propose  that  a  committee  be  appointed  to  meet  the  men,  and  that  the  proceedings  be  adjourned  to  await  the  result.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  it  was  due  to  the  men  to  appoint  a  committee  before  the  meeting  broke  up.  They  had  pro-  wised  to  do  so  Mr.  GnAYSON  said  he  would  propose  as  the  committee  three  new  shipbuilders  ,  _  and  three  who  were  engaged  on  rejo.irq  ;  -11Ingsrq  W  B  Trynes.  Rennie,  Cato,  hPlieverigan,  M'Elroy,  and  W.  C.  Miller,  their  former  Secretary,  who  although  not  actually  with  them  was  still  in  town,  and  whose  services  would  be  more  valuable  perhaps  than  those  I  to  Mr.  Clo-  I  of  any  _other  man  What  are  we  to  do  in  the  meantime  with  The  best  you  cam  Mr.  GARRETT  :  Mr.  M'Elroj  has  taken  all  the  hands  out  of  No.  1.  Clarence  graving  dock  this  morning.  lam  given  to  understand  I  have  not  a  man  on  my  ships  this  morning.  Mr.  M'EtnoY  :  Where  are  they  gone  to  ?  I  have  not  seen  one.  Mr.  GARRATT  :  Nor  had  Mr.  Clarke  a  man.  He  begged  to  differ  with  Mr.  Grayson.  The  men  did  not  wish  to  come  forward  and  meet  them,  but  he  did  not  blame  them  when  parties  were  giving  9s.  a  day.  He  (Mr.  Garrett)  was  giving  7s.  up  to  Saturday  night,  but  when  he  went  down  this  morning,  he  found  all  the  hands  had  gone  from  one  ship,  and  the  others  were  only  partly  at  work.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Those  are  the  troubles  we  have  been  just  speaking  of.  The  meeting  of  masters  and  men  is  to  take  all  those  matters  into  consideration.  Mr.  GARRETT  :  What  am  I  to  do  in  the  mean  time  ?  Mr.  CLARKE:  Can't  you  get  strangers  ?  apply  to  Mr.  Crosbie.  I  can  find  you  strangers:  if  you  require  3PELROY  :  Up  to  Friday  night  I  was  paying  7s,  a  day.  Since  that  time  lam  paying  Bs.  Mr.  SMITH  :  That  is  the  suggestion  of  Mr.  Green,  that  everyone  shall  do  the  best  he  can.  Mr.  M'Elator  :  I  paid  7s.  up  to  Friday  night,  and  I  came  here  and  told  you  I  would  pay  Bs.  Mr.  DAWSON  :  Then  you  should  pay  your  fine  of  £5.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  WELnoY  :  I  did  not.  I  should  like  to  see  it  col collected.  lected. collected.  Mr.  CLAYTON  would  be  sorry  to  adopt  such  a  course  after  signing  such  a  document  as  Mr.  M'Elroy  had  done.  Mr.  M'ELROY  said  Mr.  Clayton  might  have  adopted  a  worse  course.  There  was  nothing  like  a  man  coming  *4  tell  what  he  was  about  to  do.  Mr.  J.  POPE  seconded  Mr.  Grayson's  motion.  _  _  .  After  a  brief  conversation  it  was  agreed,  instead  of  putting  Mr.  Gray  son's  motion,  that  the  committee  should  be  balloted  for.  The  following  names  were  selected  :—Messrs.  Cato,  Dawson,  W.  B.  Jones,  M.  Keverigan,  M'Elroy,  and  the  Chairman.  The  SECRETARY  reported  that  on  making  up  the  returns  and  adding  Mr.  W.  B.  Jones  and  another  firm,  he  found  the  number  of  men  required  was  512.  Mr.  W.  B.  Jones  said  he  had  been  in  the  United  States  and  the  Colonies,  and  the  work  there  was  done  by  piece piecework.  work. piecework.  If  this  committtee  could  agree  to  let  the  men  form  a  book  of  prices,  he  felt  quite  confident  there  were  plenty  of  men  to  do  the  work  in  the  town.  They  should  then  know  when  the  commence&amp;  a  job  what  it  was  likely  , STYLE=superscript  to  cost,  for  labour.  The  caulking  of  a  vessel  outside  and  on  deck  had  cost  111.  w.  wv  op,  vu.a  au  1W  uvula  11CL  tc  lano.  l,  ClVilti  Na  1501.  That  ship  was  the  Northern  Light.—lt  was  intimated  that  this  subject  would  be  discussed  by  the  joint  committee  of  masters  and  men,  who  are  to  meet  this  evening,  and  the  meeting  was  then  adjourned  to  await  the  result  of  con conference.  ference. conference.  PREPARATIONS  FOR  THE  RECEPTION  OF  JOHN  MITCHEL,  THE  IRISH  P  AT ATRIOT.  RIOT. ATRIOT.  A  meeting  of  the  members  of  the  Thomas  Meagher  Club  was  held  last  evening  at  Hermitage  Hall—John  Duffy  in  the  chair—for  the  purpose  of  making  preparations  for  the  recep reception  tion reception  of  John  Mitchel,  the  Irish  exile,  who  has  escaped  from  .Australia,  and  is  expected  to  arrive  at  this  port  in  a  few  days.  The  following  preamble  and  resolutions  were  adopted,  expressive  of  the  sentiments  of  the  meeting  :  Whereas,  the  joyous  intelligence  hiving  reached  our  shores  that  the  brave,  the  gifted,  and  the  daring  John  Mitchel  of  glorious  memory,  has  rent  asunder  the  chains  which  bound  him  to  oppression,  and  is  now  being  wafted  to  the  free  shores  of  this  happy  republic,  on  board  an  American  ship,  with  the  stars  and  stripes  waving  triumphantly  over  him—LTherefore  Resolved,  That,  in  common  with  every  true  Irishman,  wo  the  members  of  the  T.  F.  Meagher  Club,  hail  this  intelligence  with  the  most  rapturous  joy  and  delight,  and  shall  use  all  our  efforts  to  convey  to  him  in  a  befitting  manner,  at  the  earliest  possible  moment  after  his  arrival,  our  united  appreciation  of  his  past  services  and  exalted  patriotism.  Resolved,  That  in  him  we  recognise  the  pioneer  of.  that  band  of  noble  martyrs  who  lost  their  liberty  by  the  failure  of  the  noble  cause  of  '4B;  and  who,  to  test  the  sincerity  of  their  intentions,  willingly  offered  up  their  lives  as  a  sacrifice  on  the  altar  of  their  country.  Resolved,  That  the  heroism  and  courage  exhibited  by  him  in  defending  the  noble  cause  which  he  so  warmly  espoused,  as  well  as  the  courage  and  fortitude  which  he  exhibited  (hiring  the  formal  legal  exhibition  by  which  he  was  separated  from  all  that  was  dear  to  him  on  earth,  entitles  him  to  the  admiration  and  respect  of  every  lover  of  liberty  :  Resolved,  That  we  congratulate  the  friends  of  freedom  tin  oughout  the  vast  republic,  on  the  acquisition  of,  the  gifted  111  itchel  to  the  ranks  of  the  band  of  noble  freemen,  which  the  failure  of  the  cause  of  '4B  has  cast  upon  these  shores.  Resolved,  That  a  committee  of  five  be  appointed  forthwith,  to  take  into  consideration,  and  report  before  adjournment,  the  best  means  whereby  the  resolutions  of  the  club  may  be  carried  into  proper  effect.  The  committee  being  appointed,  returned  into  the  room  in  about  half  an  hour,  and  made  the  following  report,  which  was  unanimously  adopted  :  Your  committee  are  of  opinion  that  the  best  way  in  which  they  can  testify  their  opinion  of  John  Mitchel,  the  Irish  patriot  of  1848,  is  by  the  T.  F.  Meagher  Club  presenting  the  said  John  Mitchel  with  an  address  of  congratulation  on  his  escape  from  the  fangs  of  the  English  government,  and  also  presenting  him  with  a  purse  containing  a  sum,  to  be  hereafter  fixed;  upon,  as  a  mark  of  respect  from  the  T.  F.  Meagher  Club.  And  your  committee  are  further  of  opinion  .that  a  committee  be  appointed  to  confer  with  the  other  Irish  societies  in  the  city,  for  the  purpose  of  entering  into  such  arrangement,  as  altogether  may  deem  fit  for  celebrating  John  Mitchei's  arrival.  A  committee  of  eleven,  to  wait  upon  the  other  societies,  was  then  appointed,  after  which  the  meeting  adjourned  until  Fri Friday  day Friday  evening  next,  when  their-organization  will  be  comploted.—  New  York  Herald,  Oct.  24th.  SHRINE  0.  WESTMINSTER  ABBEY  mutilated,  still  enables  1  )WARD  THE  CONFESSOR  31  v.  This  shrine,  though  now  much  us  to-form  an  opinion  of  its  former  rich-  erected  by  Henry  111.  on  the  canonising  of  Edward,  King  of  England,  by  Pope;  Alex Alexander  ander Alexander  111.,  who  caused  his  name  to  be  placed  at  the  catalogue  of  saints,  and  issued  his  bull  to  the  Abbot  Laurence  and  convent  of  Westminster,  enjoying  that  his  body  be  honoured  here  on  earth,  as  his.  soul  is  glorified  in  heaven.  Before  this  shrine  was  formerly  kept  a  lamp  continually  burning,  on  one  side  of  whieh  stood  a  figure  of  the  Virgin,  wrought  in  silver,  which,  with  two  jewels  of  immense  value,  were  presented  as  an  offering  by  Queen  Eleanor.  On  the  other  stood  another  image  of  the  Virgin,  wrought  in  ivory,  3ted  by  Thomas  A'Beeket,  Archbishop  of  Canterbury.  is  shrine  Edward  I.  offered  the  Scottish  regalia,  and  ut  the  year  1280,  off(  _  .  still  preserved.  Alphonse  he  golden  coronet  of  Llewel-  lyn  x  Prince  of  Wales,  and  other  jewels.  It  is  said  - STYLE=superscript  that  Henry  IV.  being  on  his  knees  here,  was  seized  with  apo apoplexy,  plexy, apoplexy,  and  for  speedy  relief  removed  to  the  abbot's,  house,  when  coming  to  himself  he  could  not  recollect  where  he  was,  but  upon  inquiring  was  told  the  room  bore  the  name  of  Jerusalem  ;  to  which  he  replied,  The  Lord  have  mercy  upon  me,  then,  for  here  I  must  been  formerly  told  by  a  magician  that  he  should  die  at  Jerusalem.  It  is  painful  to  witness  the  damage  which  has  been  done  to  and  several  of  the  surrwinding  monuments,  which  were  id  art.  The  stone  work  hollow  within,  and  now  encloses  h  s  6  much  co!  a  large  chest,  which  Mr.  Keep,  soon  after  the  coronation  of  James  IL,  found  to  contain  the  remains  of  St.  Edward;  for  being  broken  (it  is  said)  by  accident,  be  discovered,  upon  turning  up  the  bones,  a  crucifix  richly  ornamented  and  en enamelled,  amelled, enamelled,  and  a  gold  chain  20  inches  long,  both  'of  which  he  presented  to  his  Majesty,  who  ordered  the  bones  to  be  replaced  in  the  old  coffin  and  enclosed  in  a  new  one  made,  very  strong.—The  Builder."
