text
"ONE  PENNY  STAMPS.  PENNY  STAMPS.  —Numerous  applications  have  been  may  LETTERS  BY  THE  Posr.—Letters  by  the  post,  acknowledg acknowledging  ing acknowledging  the  safe  arrival  of  any  bills  of  exchange,  bank  notes  or  other  promissory  notes,  or  other  securities  for  money,  are  exempt  from  receipt  duty  ;  but  if  the  receipt  of  money  be  ac acknowledged,  knowledged, acknowledged,  a  stamp  is  required.  The  exemption  is  confined  to  the  mere  acknowledgment  of  the  safe  arrival  of  such  bills  of  exchange,  bank  notes,  or  other  promissory  no  t  es  or  secur  iti  es.  I  t  is  not  intended'  to  give  to  the  letter  the  effect  of  a  discharge  for  money,  butsimply  to  authorise  the  receiver  of  the  securities  to  convey  the  sender  the  information  that  they  have  reached  the  hands  of  the  person  intended.  If,  therefore,  the  letter  of  acknowledge acknowledgement  ment acknowledgement  contain  any  intimation  relating'  to  the  appropriation  of  the  money  represented  by  the  securities,  by  signifying  that  credit  has  been  ?given  for  the  amount,  or  that  it  has  been  placed  to  account,  it  is  no  longer  covered  by  the  exemption,  but  becomes  a  receipt  chargeable  with  stamp  duty.  Instead,  however,  of  enclosing  a  se  p  ara  t  e  f  orma  l  rece  i  pt  in  any  such  case,  it  ill  only  be  requisite  to  affix  an  adhesive  stamp  to  the  letter  of  acknowledgment  ;  at  tote  same  time  cancelling  it  by  writing  the  initials  or  a  portion  of  the  signature  to  the  letter  upon  it.  The  documents,  the  safe  arrival  of  which  may  thus  be  ac acknowledged  knowledged acknowledged  by  post  without  a  receipt  stamp,  are  bank  post  bills,  Bank  of  England  and  country  bank  notes,  letters  of  cre credit,  dit, credit,  postoffice  orders,  cheques,  (stamped  or  unstamped),  bills,  drafts,  and  orders  for  payment  of  money  of  every  descrip description,  tion, description,  whether  due  or  not.  Where  advice  is  given  by  letter  to  a  person  that  money  has  been  paid  to  his  credit,  a  letter  in  return,  merely  acknow acknowledging  ledging acknowledging  thereceipt  of  the  letter  containing  such  advice,  is  not  chargeable  as  a  receipt  ;  but  any  intimation  that  the  money  has  been  received  is  liable.  REcuTPT  FOR  TAXES.  —By  the  recent  act,  receipts  for  land  tax,  assessed  taxes,  and  property  and  income  tax,  are  exempted  from  stamp  duty  ;  but  there  is  no  exemption  in  any  of  the  stamp  acts  of  receipts  for  any  other  rates  or  taxes.  Special  exemptions  from  receipt  duty  contained  in  acts  of  parliament  are  not  affected  by  the  recent  act.  Dnerrs  on  ORDERS.  —A  bill  of  exchange,  draft  or  order  for  the  payment  to  the  bearer,  or  to  order  on  demand,  of  any  sum  of  money,  of  whatever  amount,  whether  drawn  upon  a  banker  (excepting  as  herein-aftermentioned),  or  upon  any  other  person  is  chargeable  with  the  stamp  duty  of  one  penny,  and  may  be  written  on  stamped  paper,  or  an  adhesive  stamp  may  be  used.  Ali  other  bills  of  exchange,  drafts,  or  orders  at  or  after  Night  or  after  date,  for  the  payment  of  money  amounting  tO  40s,  or  upwards,  are  chargeable  with  stamp  duty  as  here heretofore,  tofore, heretofore,  It  is  right,  however,  to  state  that  all  negotiable  or  trans transferable  ferable transferable  drafts  for  sums  under  20s,  are  illegal  ;  when  there therefore  fore therefore  a  payment  is  intended  to  be  made  by  draft  of  a  sum  ender  205.,  the  draft  should  •not  be  made  payable  either  to  bearer  or  to  order,  but  only  to  the  party  in  whose  favour  it  is  drawn.  In  any  such  case,  if  it  be  payable  on  demand  it  will  require  the  penny  stamp  ;  if  otherwise  than  on  demand  it  will  not  require  a  stamp.  A  draft  or  order  payable  .  generally,  without  reference  to  any  stated  period  after  the  issuing  of  it,  is  payable  on  de demand  mand demand  ;  and  any  draft  or  order,  though  not  made  payable  to  bearer  or  to  order,  is  chargeable  with  the  same  amount  of  duty  as  if  so  payable,  if  it  be  delivered  to  the  person  in  whose  favour  it  is  drawn,  or  to  any  person  on  his  behalf.  PROMI9SORY  Nun:e.—No  alteration  has  been  made  in  the  duties  on  promissory  notes,  except  that  bankers'  deposit  notes  or  accountable  receipts  are  not  now  chargeable  with  duty,  notwithstanding  the  import  that  interest  is  to  be  paid.  The  exemption  in  favour  of  these  notes  is  not  affected  by  reason  of  their  containing  any  stipulation  that  the  money  is  not  to  be  withdrawn  for  a  specified  period  or  without  notice.  LETTERS  OP  CREDIT.—AII  documents  or  writings  usually  termed  letters  of  credit  are  declared  by  law  to  be  bills,  drafts,  or  orders  for  the  payment  of  money,  and  chargeable  with  alum  y  A  letter  of  credit  payable  on  demand  must  be  on  a  penny  stamp;  but  if  the  credit  be  not  given  until  a  specified  day,  or  until  advised,  it  is  a  bill  of  exchange  payable  after  date,  and  must  be  stamped  accordingly,  CHEQUES  ON  BANKERS.  —A  cheque  on  a  banker  payable  to  bearer  on  demand  is  not  liable  to  stamp  duty,  provided  that  it  be  issued  within  fifteen  miles  of  the  place  where  the  banker  carries  on  his  business':  That  the  place  of  issuing  be  truly  specified  in  it  :  That  it  be  dated  on  or  before  the  day  on  which  it  is  issued,  and  not  after  :  And  that  it  do  not  direct  the  payment  to  be  made  by  a  bill  or  note.  The  most  frequent  irregularity  in  regard  to  cheques  is  the  issuing  of  them  at  at  a  distance  of  more  than  fifteen  miles  from  the  banker  on  whom  drawn.  A  cheque  so  issued  is,  if  not  stamped,  illegal  ;  and  the  person  issuing  it,  and  the  banker  knowingly  paying  it,  incur  the  penalty  of  1001.  each  ;  and  the  person  k  now  i  ng  ly  rece  i  v  i  ng  it  in  payment  or  as  a  security  incurs  a  penalty  of  20/,  The  place  at  which  a  cheque  is  to  be  considered  as  issued  is  that  where  the  drawer  parts  with  the  possession  of  it  ;  and  if  it  be  transmitted  by  him  through  the  post,  the  place  of  issuing  is  that  where  it  is  posted.  An  unstamped  cheque  drawn  and  issued  as  above  may  be  circulated  at  any  distance  from  the  place  of  issue  without  affecting  its  validity.  Thus  a  cheque  drawn  in  London  upon  a  London  banker  may  be  sent  by  post  from  London  to  Glasgow,  or  elsewhere,  and  negotiated  there  for  any  period.  One  of  the  objects  in  reducing  the  stamp  duty  on  certain  drafts  to  one  penny,  and  in  providing  adhesive  stamps,  was  to  enable  persons  residing  at  a  distance  from  their  bankers  to  conform  to  the  law  at  little  expense  and  with  perfect  convenience.  Persons  residing  beyond  the  distance  of  fifteen  miles  from  their  banker,  whether  such  residence  be  occasional  or  permanent,  ought  to  be  at  all  times  provided  with  stamps,  as  any  infraction  of  the  law  subjects  them  to  a  penalty.  A  draft  irregularly  issued  cannot  be  afterward  made  valid  by  affixino  a  stamp  to  it.  The  object  and  effect  of  crossing  a  cheque  with  the  name  of  a  banker  seem  to  be  much  misunderstood,  inquiries  being  frequently  made  of  the  board  respecting  the  practice,  in  re re:o4  :o4 re:o4  t  f/  w~  ;`  ti  A  POPULAR  EXPLANATION  OF  THE  STATUTE  REQUIRING  A  STAMP  DUTY  OF  ONE  PENNY  ON  RECEIPTS  AND  ORDERS  FOR  MONEY,  AND  OF  SOME  PROVISIONS  OF  FORMER  ACTS  REARING  THEREUPON.  to  the  commissioners  of  inland  revenue  on  various  questions  relating  to  the  stamp  duties  on  receipts  and  orders  for  money  granted  by  an  act  of  the  last  session.  The  commissioners  consider  it  advisable  to  print  a  short  statement,  referring  to  the  principal  points  on  which  their  opinion  has  been  sought,  hoping  thereby  to  afford  genbral  and  correct  information,  and  to  promote  the  convenience  of  the  public.  RECEIPTS.—The  stamp  duty  payable  upon  a  receipt  ,given  for  any  sum  of  money  amounting  to  40s.  or  upwards  is  id.,  to  be  paid  by  the  person  giving  the  receipt.  The  receipt  may  either  be  written  upon  stamped  paper,  or  an  adhesive  stamp  may  be  affixed  to  the  paper  upon  which  it  is  written;  but  an  the  latter  case  the  person  giving  the  receipt  must  himself  cancel  the  stamp  by  writing  his  initials,  or  some  por portion  tion portion  of  his  signature,  over  it,  before  he  delivers  it,  under  a  penalty  of  £lO.  A  receipt  cannot  be  made  valid  afterwards  by  affixing  a  stamp.  A  person  giving  a  receipt  for  money  amounting  to  40s.  or  upwards  without  a  stamp,  subjects  himself  to  a  penalty  of  £lO  ;  and  if,  when  40s.  or  upwards  is  paid,  a  less  sum  than  40s.  be  specified  in  the  receipt  with  the  view  to  avoid  the  duty,  or  any  other  contrivance  or  device  be  used  for  the  like  purpose,  a  penalty  of  £5O  will  be  incurred.  A.  party  refusing  to  give  a  receipt  incurs  a  penalty  of  £lO.  Any  note,  memorandum,  or  writing  whatsoever  given  upon  the  payment  of  money,  signifying  that  an  account  has  been  discharged,  or  that  money  has  been  paid,  or  credit  given,  is  a  receipt  liable  to  stamp  duty.  If,  therefor  e  ,  the  person  receiving  money  write,  or  by  means  of  a  stamp  nu  press  upon  any  bill  of  parcels  or  invoice  the  word  balanced,'  or  any  words  of  a  like  import,  intended  to  signify  the  payment  of  money,  he  must  at  the  same  time,  if  the  paper  be  not  already  stamped,  affix  thereto  an  adhesive  receipt  stamp,  and  cancel  the  same  by  writing  his  initials  or  some  portion  of  his  signature  thereon.  If  he  omit  so  to  do,  he  will  incur  a  penalty  of  £lO,  and  the  memorandum  will  be  of  no  avail  to  the  person  to  whom  it  isven.  nucrfes  made  by  persons  receiving  money  in  pass  books  kept  by  the  persons  paying  the  money,  are  receipts  ;  and  for  every  such  entry  made  without  affixing  a  stamp,  and  writing  over  the  stamp,  as  herein-before  stated,  where  the  payment  amounts  to  40s.  or  upwards,  a  penalty  of  £lO  is  incurred.  On  every  occasion  when  money  amounting  to  40s.  or  up upwards  wards upwards  is  paid,  whether  it  be  on  a  sale  by  auction  or  other  ready  money  dealing,  or  the  payment  of  wages,  or  on  a  transaction  of  any  other  kind  or  description,  if  any  receipt  be  given  it  must  be  on  a  stamp  ;  and  so,  likewise,  must  a  receipt  for  money  paid  on  account.  Receipts,  discharges,  or  acknowledgments  given  upon  pay payments  ments payments  made  by  or  with  bills,  drafts,  notes,  or  other  securities  are  declared  by  law  to  be  receipts  chargeable  with  stamp  duty.  Any  receipt,  therefore,  given  on  such  an  occasion,  or  any  memorandum  signifying  that  a  bill,  draft,  note,  or  other  security  has  been  given  or  delivered  in  satisfaction  or  on  account  of  any  demand,  must  be  stamped.  RECEIPTS  UPON  BILLS  OR  NOTES.  —Receipts  written  upon  promissory  notes,  bills  of  exchange,  drafts  or  orders  for  the  payment  of  money,  duly  stamped,  or  upon  bills  of  exchange  drawn  out  of  but  payable  in  the  United  Kingdom,  are  exempt  from  duty.  The  receipts  here  alluded  to  are  receipts  for  the  money  specified  in  such  documents,  given  on  the  payment  thereof.  A  special  receipt,  therefore,  written  on  a  bill  or  note  when  paid,  intended  to  operate  as  a  discharge  of  any  particular  de demand,  mand, demand,  besides  that  arising  on  the  bill  or  note  itself,  requires  a  receipt  stamp.  Except  in  the  case  of  bills  drawn  abroad,  an  unstamped  receipt  indorsed  is  valid  only  where  the  bill  or  note  is  duly  stamped.  A  receipt,  therefore,  on  an  unstamped  cheque,  for  the  contents,  is  not  valid  without  a  receipt  stamp.  To  make  the  cheque  available  as  a  voucher,  it  should  be  d  rawn  p  aya  bl  e  to  order,  instead  of  to  bearer,  and  a  one  penny  draft  stamp  affixed  thereto.  Where  money  due  upon  a  bill  or  note  is  payable  by  instalments,  the  payments  may  be  written  off  on  the  back  of  the  bill  or  note  by  the  holder;  but  if  a  receipt  be  given  to  :the  person  making  any  such  payment,  it  must  be  stamped."
