text
"to  871.  Or  cal.  Consols,  which  opened  at  87Z-  for  money,  and  A'  and  an  extremely  larg  hnt  ;t  maintained,  and  the  closiroprice  was  89&amp;  to  90  Yesteraa  they  opened  at  89a-  to  89k,  but  upon  its  being  hour  that  a  protocol  had  been  signed  at  St.  Petersburg  contruninb  the  terms  required  by  the  Allies  as  the  preliminaries  far  peace,  `hey  advanced  to  90k  to  901,  but  receded  upon  sales,  and  they  left  off  at  891  to  k.  On  the  whole,  notwithstanding  the  advance  during  the  week,  which  is  equal  to  nearly  4  per  cent,  the  market  has  been  extremely  steady.  The  Money  Market  as  previously  stated,  has  been  easier,  but  yesterday  the  demand  was  renewed.  The  payment  of  the  dividends  is  daily  putting  a  large  sum  in  circulation,  and  the  public  have  been  re-investing  in  small  amonnts.  At  the  same  time  the  discount  houses  in  Lombard  -street  have  been  full  of  cash,  though  no  abatement  of  rates  can  be  reported.  Some  railway  companies  have  succeeded  in  renewing  their  deben debentures  tures debentures  at  41  per  cent.  Tke  commercial  demand  has  been  moderate,  notwithstanding  that  the  weekly  trade  reports  indicate  rather  an  increasing  amount  of  manufacturing  production.  These  favourable  circumstances  have  had  their  natural  influence  somewhat  increased  by  a  report  that  an  issue  of  £10,000,000  in  £1  notes  was  in  contemplation—a  report  not  yet  to  he  depended  upon.  On  the  other  hand  there  are  some  advarse  circumstances.  One  is  the  still  diminishing  stocks  of  bullion  in  the  banks  of  England  and  France,  whilst  the  demand,  both  from  the  Continent  and  the  East,  is  unabated.  With  a  view  to  stop  the  efflux  of  gold  from  this  country,  it  was  currently  stated  in  the  early  part  of  the  week  that  the  bank  would  advance  the  rate  of  interest  once  more,  hut  the  directors  separated  on  Thurs.  day  without  any  change.  Another  adverse  circumstance  is,  the  possibility  of  both  England  and  France  requiring  loans,  even  tbgugh  peace  be  made.  Whatever  be  the  result  of  the  existing  efforts  to  put  an  end  to  the  war,  these  cir circumstances  cumstances circumstances  must  embarass  the  operations  of  ,the  Money  Market  for  some  time.  The  Bank  return  for  the  week  end ending  ing ending  last  Saturday  is  again  unfavourable.  The  Bullion  has  diminished  £119.958,  and  the  Reserve  £606,453,  while  the  Public  Securities  have  increased  £2,585,94t.  indicatirg  that  large  advances  have  been  made  to  thy  Go'vernment  on  Deficiency  Bills.  The  arrivals  of  Specie  during  the  week  have  been  £170,000  by  the  West  India  mail,  of  which  £117,000  was  in  gold,  and  the  rest  in  silver;  £5,400  from  New  York  ;  £lBO,OOO  from  Australia  ;  £5,457  from  v STYLE=superscript  the  Peninsula  ;  and  £35,000  in  silver  from  the  Continent.  The  whole  of  the  gold  has  been  taken  on  continental  account  ;  is  hoped  that  the  next  arrival  from  Australia,  which  2400,000,  will  be  retained  in  this  country.  -^  on  Paris,  however,  is  not  favourable  to  'way  Shares,  in  sympathy  with  ,  but  business  in  them  has  been  The  traffics  still  continue  good.  Foreign  Securi-  announ  epa  will  be  abo  . STYLE=superscript  nt  The  rate  Of  Ea  its  rema'nint  hrr  Ra  Consols,  have  all  advance  lithited  learly  all  higher;  and  many  transactions  have  taken  place  in  both  classes  of  Turkish.  .loint  Stock  Bank  Shares  have  also  improved;  but  there  have  been  few  deal deal.•  .• deal.•  ingq  in  them  We  quote  the  following  report  of  the  London  Tallow  Market  from  the  weekly  circular  of  Messrs.  Smith  &amp;  Charles  :  The  result  of  Count  Esterhazy's  mission  to  the  Dpperor  of  li.uszia  (referred  to  in  our  circular,  of  the  17th  'ultimo)  has  'been  'announced  to  the  world.  It  is  that  the  Czar  accepts  the  terms  proposed  by  Austria  as  a  basis  of  nego negoelation.  elation. negoelation.  It  were  vain  to  speculate  on  the  result  of  these  negotiations.  We  know  the  result  of  the  Vienna  confer conference  ence conference  of  last  April;  we  know  the  character  of  Russian  diplomacy.  What  we  do  not  know  is  the  internal  condi condition  tion condition  of  Russia.  It  may  be  that  that  condition  is  such  as  to  render  a  further  prosecution  of  the  war  by  the  w  the  opinion  entertained  in  the  city  is,  that  the  iroTa iroTaire  ire iroTaire  as  nine  to  one.  A  complete  as  the  second  edition  of  - STYLE=superscript  the  news  from  Viennna.  )u:nal  ;  an  a  seebnd  naterial"
