text
"publics,  will  seek  the  privilege  of  being  admitted  within  its  safe  ancl  happy  bosom,  transferring  with  themselves,  by  a  peaceftii  and  healthy  pirtlceSs  of  incorporation,  spaciCius  regions  of  virgin  and  exube exuberant  rant exuberant  soil,  which  are  destined  to  swarm  with  the  fast-spreading  millions  .  of  our  These  considerations,  it  is  contended,  fully  jus  tify  the  presumption  that  the  la*  aboVe  stated  will  continue  to  act  with  tindithinished  effect,  through  at  least  the  next  half  century,  and  that  thousands  of  persons  who  have  already  arrived  at  maturity,  and  are  now'  exercising  the  rights  of  freemen,  will  close  their  eyes  on  the  spectacle  of  more  than  one  hundred  millions  of  population  embraced  within  the  majestic  proportions  of  the  American  Union.  The  views  are  not  indulged  in  as  topics  of  specula speculation,  tion, speculation,  but  they  are  discussed  as  subjects  having  a  positiVe  practical  bearing  on  the  great  political  duties  of  the  American  Government.  the  President  says,  Our  system  of  government  has  worked  on  *lilt  may  be  teinied  a  Miniature  scale,  in  comparison  with  the  development,  which  0  it  must  thus  assume,  within  a  future  so  near  at  hand,  as  scarcely  to  be  beyond  the  present  of  the  existing  In  this  elaborate  exposition  of  the  progress  and  policy  of  the  great  American  Union,  there  are  many  points  of  paramount  importance  to  this  country,  and  to  which  we  shall  not  fail  to  draw  especial  attention.  THE  mania  for  women-beating  and  wife-murder  still  continues.  Every  day  it  assumes  some  new  and  aggravated  features.  Deeds  unknown  to  savage  nations  are  coolly  and  recklessly  perpetrated  in  Christian  England  ;  whilst  the  utmost  punish punishment  ment punishment  that  the  State  can  inflict,  so  far  - STYLE=superscript  from  dimin.  ishing,  only  seems  to  have  called  forth  these  demoniacal  passions,  and  increased  the  number  of  dastardly,  villanous,  and  brutal  delinquents.  During  the  past  few  weeks,  several  scoundrels  have  been  brought  before  the  Metropolitan  magis magistrates,  trates, magistrates,  charged  with  ill-using,  maiming,  and  other otherwise  wise otherwise  endangering  the  lives  of  their  respective  wives  or  paramours.  The  ingenuity  of  torture  they  have  employed,  almost  outvies  that  for  which  the  Inquisitiorial  Familiars  have  been  renowned.  The  very  narration  of  them  is  quite  enough  to  harrow  up  one's  feelings—torture  one's  sympathies  —and  turn  one's  blood  to  ice  !  We  read  of  one  wretch—a  gentleman!  maiming  his  inoffensive  wife  with  a  red-hot  poker!  Another  causes  his  wife  to  go  to  bed  stark  naked,  then  rips  up  her  stays  with  a  pen  knife,  takes  the  bone  out,  and  beats  her  on  the  body  until  it  is  broken  in  pieces!  He  then  makes  use  of  a  hair-brush,  with  which  he  inflicts  severe  blows.  Aftqrwards  he  pulls  his  unfortunate  wife  out  of  bed—seizes  a  large  square squarecut  cut squarecut  stick  with  which  he  belabours  her  heartily._  and  then  attempts  to  strangle  her  with  his  hands;  threatening  the  while  that  if  she  should  make  the  least  resistance,  or  outcry,  he  would  dance  upon  her  body.  Upon  being  interrogated  by  th  e  LORD  MAYOR,  the  poor  afflicted  woman  states  that  she  - STYLE=superscript  has  been  married  only  a  few  mouths,  during  which  time  she  has  been  subjected  to  every  kind  of  ill  usage  ;  and  concludes  her  brutality  of  h  er  h  usband.  t  d  e  o  c  l  t  e  i  doleful  f  s  r  t  o  o  na  r  y  13  the  y  praying  his  lo  r  d  s  hi  p  '  s  pro  Another  miscreant,  a  tailor  by  trade,  inflicts  terri.  ble  wounds  on  his  wife's  head,  by  cutting  her  skull  open  in  two  places  with  a  sleeve  board  !.  Vaunting  that  he  shall  yet  hang  for  her  like  the  culprit  Moms,  who  lately  suffered  the  extreme  penalty  of  the  law.  This  miserable  creature  has  been  three  years  a  wife,  and  her  statement  is,  that  for  every  thattim  eshefrohmas  her  experiencedguilty  hu  the  most  most  monthbar•ba  of  that  treatment  Another  wretch  commits  a  violent  and  savage  on onslaught  slaught onslaught  upon  his  wife,  the  mother  of  three  children  which  causes  her  to  lose  a  large  quantity  f  blood,  whilst  the  victim  of  his  atrocity  r  efuses  to  appear  against  him!  Another  scoundrel,  a  comes  home  in  the  evening,  and  inquires  of  hie  wife  what  she  has  got  for  supper.  Upon  her  intimating  that  having  no  money  she  was  unable  to  procure  anything,  he  immediately  kick  s  her  with  his  heavy  boots  violently  about  the  legs  and  body.  He  then  commands  her  to  take  off  his  boots—a  task  she  agreeably  and  quickly  attempts  to  perform,  when  the  monster  makes  a  savage  attempt  to  kick  her  (whilst  in  the  act  of  bending)  in  the  face;  which  she  fortunately  parries  with  her  arm—receiving  a  severe  bruise  in  con  sequence.  This  woman  likewise  confesses  to  syste  inatic  ill-usage  from  her  husband,  to  whom  she  has  been  married  several  years.  Another  brute  de-,  scribed  as  a  tall  and  powerful  man,when  maddened  by  drink  strikes  his  wife  whilst  carrying  an  innocent  babe  in  her  arms,  a  desperate  blow  in  the  face  with  his  clenched  fist,  which  makes  her  fall  senseless  on  the  floor—causing  blood  to  flow  profusely  from  her  mouth.  This  woman  has  been  married  fourteen  years  ;  and  she  solemnly  affirms  that,  during  the  whole  of  that  time  she  has  lived  most  unhappily.  Another  rascal  almost  chops  off  his  wife's  arm  with  a  cooper's  adze—when  she  is  taken  to  the  hospital,  where  her  life  is  pronounced  in  danger.  Another  wretch,  while  seated  at  the  fire  partaking  of  tea,  suddenly  - STYLE=superscript  seizes  the  poker  and  strikes  his  wife  with  it  across  the  thighs.  She  then  flies  from  the  house  with  her  children.  Upon  her  return  home  (supposing  her  husband  to  have  gone  out)  he  first  secures  the  door,  and  next  inflicts  heavy  blows  upon  his  victim's  body,  both  with  his  fists  and  a  heavy  chair—with  which  he  strikes  her  across  the  eyes.  He  then  demands  the  little  money  she  had  for  the  support  of  her  family  for  the  week,  and  seizing  a  large  knife  swears  he  will  run  her  through  if  she  fails  to  comply  with  his  request  !  She  gives  the  brute  the  money,  and  then  runs  to  the  doctor  to  get  her  wounds  dressed—fainting  from  loss  of  blood  !  A  young  savage,  only  14  years  old,  upon  being  refused  some  coals,  without  the  money,  by  an  elderly  and  infirm  woman  who  keeps  a  coal  store  at  Stepney,  seizes  the  poor  creature  by  the  throat  and  draws  a  knife  across  her  neck,  inflicting  a  wound  from  which  the  blood  flowed  copiously.  Another  monster  meets  his  wife  in  the  street,  who  had  been  parted  from  her  husband  in  consequence  of  his  cruelty.  Her  face  was  banged  at  the  time.  He  asks  her  the  cause.  She  answers  that  she  has  got  -the  face-ache.  Whereupon  he  coarsely  ex exclaims  claims exclaims  :  I'll  make  your  -  cheeks  ache  a  little  more  and  follows  up  his  cowardly  and  ruffianly  threat  by  vigorous  execution,  striking  her  senseless  to  the  ground  !  He  then  raises  her  head  from  the  pavement—what  refinement  of  brutality  !—and  inflicts  a  succession  of  violent  blows  upon  either  side  of  her  face  with  his  clenched  fists  until  the  poor  creature  is  left  stupified  and  half-dead!  Ano-  her  miscreant  who  has  been  living  for  some  twelve  months  with  a  poor  young  woman,  is  brought  before  the  magistrates  charged  with  aggravated  cruelty  to  her.  She  reluctantly  states,  that  for  the  the  whole  of  the  period  during  which  she  has  lived  with  this  brute,  he  has  treated  her  badly.  One  afternoon  he  goes  out  and  does  not  return  until  the  next  morning  at  an  early  hour.  He  then  shouts  at  the  bed-room  door,  demanding  to  be  let  in.  She  gets  out  of  bed  to  obey  his  will,  when  she  hears  him  use  dreadful  oaths,  and  threaten  to  cut  her  scull  open  with  a  poker  when  he  could  have  the  opportunity.  He  then  bursts  in  the  door  whilst  the  miserable  woman  rushes  to  the  grate  to  secure  and  conceal  the  instrument  with  which  he  had  just  threatened  her"
