text
"MUNICIPAL  ELECTIONS  WEST  DERBY  'WARD.  A  public  meeting  of  electors  favourable  to  the  return  o  f  Francis  A.  Clint,  Esq.,  as  representative  of  this  ward  in  the  Town  Council,  was  held  last  night,  at  eight  o'clock,  at  MarshalPs  Coffee-house,  Edge-hill,  Mr.  WILLIAM  ROWETT,  in  the  chair.  •  _  _  .  The  CHAIRMAN  said  that  Mr.  Clinton  had  kindly  con  anted  to  represent  them  in  the  Town  Council,  and  he  sought  that  when  they  had  heard  his  sentiments,  they  would  gree  that  a  better  man  could  not  have  accepted  the  office.  Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  They  knew  that  the  duties  of  the  .'own  Council  were,  very  onerous,  and  they  therefore  felt  such  gratitude  to  those  gentlemen  who  represented  them  here  ;  but  their  duty,  however,  was  to  take  care  to  have  ;ood  men.  He  thought  that  in  this  case  they  had  the  very verymst  mst verymst  man,  and  he  was  therefore  sure  they  would  labour  hard  o  secure  his  return.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  nedd  not  tell  them  )f  the  dastardly  attempt-that  had  been  made  on  the  other  fide  to  destroy  them,  if  he  might  so  speak,  politically.  276  abjections  were  sent  round  at  the  eleventh  hour,  but  he  Hoped  that  they  (the  conservatives)  would  never  be  guilty  of  such  a  disgraceful  act  ;  and  notwithstanding,  that  the  other  party  had  succeeded  in  knocking  . STYLE=superscript  off.  86  votes,  yet  he  ven ventured  tured ventured  to  assert  that  they  would  again  beat  them,  by  at  least  50  votes  (hear,  hear,  and  applause)  ;  and  if  they  could  do  it  by  150  votes,  so  much  the  better,  as  their  opponents  would  not  face  them.  again  next  year.  (Applause.)  Mr.  CLINT  then  rose  and  was  loudly  cheered.  He  said—  Mr.  Chairman  and  ,gentlemen,  I  am  almost  overwhelmed  by  the  kindness  of,  your  reception  of  me  this  evening.  I  shall  not  search  for  high-fl  Own  language,  or  indulge  in  circumlo circumlocution,  cution, circumlocution,  but  in  short  and  simple  phrases—in  language  direct  from  my  heart.  I  thank  yon  most  sincerely  for  your  cordial  and  kind  reception  of  me.  (Cheers.)  I  am  not  so  vain  as  to  suppose  that  this  reception  is  owing  to  any  merits  of  mine.  lam  not  so  vain  as  to  suppose  that  an  humble  in individual  dividual individual  like  myself  has  been  called  from  that  private  and  sequestered  station  in  which  I  have  hitherto  moved  in  order  to  embark  on  the  sea  of  public  affairs,  from  any  merits  of  my  own.  ,  But  I  look  at  my  present  position  as  the.  expres expression  sion expression  of  your  determination  not  to  allow  your  opponents  to  ride  rough-shod  over  you—(hear,  hear,)—as  the  expression  of  your  determination  to  defeat  the  machinations  by  which  they  hoped  to  deprive  you  of  a  large  portion  of  the  elective  franehise—(hear,  hear)  ;—I  appear  before  you  this  night  and  place  myself  entirely  at  your  service,  and  at  your  request  an  aspirant  for  the  high  and  distinguished  honor  of  represent representing  ing representing  you  in  the  Town  Council  of  this  most  important  borough.  (Hear,  hear.)  lam  opposed  by  a  gentleman  well-known  to  the  town—a  gentleman  of  great  experience,  of  wealth,  of  talent,  and  of  station—one  who  has  been  long  accustomed  to  public'  affairs—a  gentleman  I  believe  amiable  in  private  life  whatever  he  may  be  in  public;  .but  onewho  I  may  say  is  objeCtionable  to  a  large  portion  of  the  electors  of  the  ward.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  believe  a  very  large  majority.  (Cheers.)  And  therefore  it  is  that  I  come  before  you  to  afford  you  an  op opportunity  portunity opportunity  of  recording  your  votes  in  a  manner  more  con consistent  sistent consistent  to  your  feelings,  (Cheers.)  I  shall  not  say  one  word  in  disparagement  of  my  opponent.  I  should  only  damage  my  own  cause  by  doing  so,  and  therefore  I  shall  pass  on  to  the  more  immediate  business  before  us.  You  will  not  ex expect  pect expect  me  to  touch  upon  general  topics,  which  have  very  little  to  do  with  local  affairs,  and  therefore.  I  shall  not  follow  that  example  which  was  set  by  a  certain  candidate  at  another  ward  the  other  evening,  who  expatiated  at  great  length  on  general  matters,  almost  to  the  exclusion  of  local  matters.  (Hear,  hear.)  Those  who  are  curious  on  the  subject  of  my  votes  at  the  last,  two  elections,  will  find  information  on  that  point-in  to-day's  Mercury,  and  I  therefore  beg  to  refer  those  who  are  curious  in  this  matter  to  the  pages  of  that  respect respectable  able respectable  paper.  (Laughter.)  In  seeking  the  honour,  at  your  request,  of  a  seat  in  the  Town  Council,  I  assure  you  I  duly  appreciate  the  exalted  nature  of  that  position.  lam  quite  aware  that  it  is  indeed  an  honour  to  sit  in  the  Town  Council  of  the  borough  of  Liverpool  ;  but  while  I  duly  appreciate  the  honour  of  a  seat  in  that  body,  I  also,  I  hope,duly  appreciate  the  very  onerous  duties  whichare  annexed  to  that  honour.  (Applause.)  And,  if  it  should  be  your  pleasure  to  elect  me,  I  shall  not  go  into  the  council  chambers  elated  with  success,  or  elated  with  any  idea  of  fancied  dignity,  in  consequence  of  occupying,that,  .station,  but  rather  humbled  with  the  idea  of  my  own  shertrcomings,  and  with  the  many  disadvantages  under  .which  I  shall  labour  in  that  chamber.  But  of  one  thing  you  may  be  certain,  that  I  shall  enter  into  the  council  chamber  with  .a  determination,  to  do  my  duty,  with  a  faithful,  honest,  and  single  eye  to  the  interests,  not  only  of  this  ward,  with  which  I  am  immediately  connected,  but  to  the  interests  of  the  town  generally.  (Applause.)  I  shall  go  there  with  no  sinister  object,  for  I  have  none  to  promote  ;  with  no  selfish  end,  for  I  really  none  to  serve  (a  voice,  It  is  with  no  wish  of  personal  aggrandise aggrandisement,  ment, aggrandisement,  for  I  really  have  none,  but  with  a  simple  desire  to  do  my  duty;  and  I  beg  to  assure  you  that  my  best  services  shall  be  always  at  your  disposal.  It  has  been  well  remarked  that  our  municipal  institutions  are  amongst  the.  bulwarks  of  our  freedom.  I  think  there  is  no  doubt  about  that.  If  we  turn  our  eyes  to  the  Continent,  andlook  at  France,  we  findthat  cen centralizationis  tralizationis centralizationis  there  with  all  its  attendantevils.  It  has  oftenbeen  remarked,  and  truly,  that  Paris  is  France—that  everything  emanates  from  Paris  as  the  grand  centre,  if  I  may  so  speak,  as  the  great  heart  from  which  the  blood  is  propelled  through  a  thousand  channels  to  the  remotest  extremities.  But  w~t  do  „  tys  p  fi..l4l  ,  _theye2  that  ,  pere  ,_  is  not  force  cold,  languid,  and  decaying.  We,  - STYLE=superscript  '  as  a  more  highly  favoured  country,  have  our  self-government—we  have  our  local  government.  (Hear,  hear.)  Although  in  one  sense  London  may  be  called  the  great  centre  of  our  social  system,  yet  each  corporation  has  its  own  independent  course  of  action,  and  revolves,  if  I  may  so  speak,  on  its  own  axis.  And  therefore  it  is  that  we  are  trained  up  to  habits  of  self-government,  and  habits  of  independence,  and  self selfreliance,  reliance, selfreliance,  (applause,)  and  therefore  it  is  I  say  further  that  we  are  bound  to  perpetuate  our  liberties.  (Hear,  hear.)  lam  not  aware  that  there  is  ,any  topic  occupying  particularly  the  attention  of  the  town  or  of  the  council,  on  which  I  may  be  expected  to  dilate  at  length.  I  believe  the  only  topic  of  consequence  which  now  in  any  way  agitates  the  town  or  the  council  is  the  subject  of  town  im improvements,  provements, improvements,  and  from  what  I  can  gather,  the  feeling  of  the  town  generally  is,  that  these  improvements  ought  to  take  place.  (Hear,  hear).  I  shall  consider  it  my  duty  to  assist  in  carrying  out  these  ithprovements,  always  bearing  in  mind  the  absolute  necessity.of  the  most  stringent  economy  in  the  expenditure  of  public  money  (applause),  which  I  look  upon  as  one  of  the  most  important  duties  of  a  Town  Councillor.  (Hear,  hear)..  I  shall  endeavorr  to  keep  a  close  eye  on  the  public  purse  ;  for,  I  believe,  the  more  a  man  in  dealing  with  public  money,  makes  his  aetionsin  that  capacity  assimilate  to  his  dealings  with  his  own  money,  the  more  likely  is  he  to  be  a  good,  faithful,  public  servant.  (Hear,-hear).  And,  there therefore,  fore, therefore,  it  shall  be  my  most  ardent  endeavour  to  promote  economy—whether  with  regard  to  town  improvements  or  sanitary  measures,  or  official  salaries—economy  shall  be'one  of  my  guiding  principles.  (Applause).  Sanitary  measures  are  occupying  very  much  attention,  not  only  of  this  town,  but  of  the  kingdom  generally,  and  as  they  have  reference  mainly  to  the  health  and  comfort  of  the  lower  classes,  they  are  well  deserving  the  attention  of  corporate  bodies.  'They  shall  have  my  attention.  and  I  shall  endeavour  to  carry  them  out  in  as  economical  and  general  a  manner  as  possible.  I  shall  endeavour  to  get  information  on  these  affairs  from  other  more  experienced  members,  and  more  particularly  from  your  members.  I  shall  endeavour  to  be  constant  and  punctual  in  my  attendance.  (Hear,  hear).  I  shall  endeavour  to  attend  all  the  meetings  to  which  I  may  be  called,  and  in  every  respect  I  shall  endeavour  to  perform  my  duty  to  the  best  of  my  ability.  lam  not  aware  that  I  have  any  further  topic  on  which  it  is  expedient  I  should  speak.  I  shall,  then,  conclude  as  I  began,  by  thanking  you  most  sincerely  and  most  heartily  for  your  can candid  did candid  and  kind  reception  of  me  this  night.  I  agam  assure  you,  that  if  you  do  me  the  honour  to  elect  me  as  one  of  your  representatives,  I  shall  endeavour  to  do  my  duty  with  a  single  - STYLE=superscript  eye  to  the  advancement  of  your  interest  and  of  the  town  generally  ;  and  if  we  be  permitted  to  meet  again  at  the  expiration  of  my  tenure  of  office,  I  hope  I  shall  have  done  my  duty  so  much  to  your  satisfaction  as  that  I  shall  receive  that  meed  of  praise  and  approbation  which  is  the  sweetest  solace  and  consolation  of  a  public  servant.  (Applause.  Mr.  BRAKELL  begged  to  ask  Mr.  Clint  a  question  on  a  very  important  _matter.  He  wished  to  know  whether  Mr.  Clint  would  vote  for  any  change  in  the  system  of  education  which  was  at  present  working  so  well  in  the  Corporation  schools  ?  CLINT  :—The  system  I  presume  referred  to  . STYLE=superscript  is  the  use  A  t  t  the  authorised  version  of  the  Scriptures.  I  should  certainly  oppose  any  change  in  that  respect.  (Applause).  I  am  a  sincere  Protestant,  and  although  I  would  accord  tole toleration  ration toleration  to  every  one,  yet  I  would  be  no  party  to  any  infringe•  ment  upon  our  Protestant  principles,  which  have  been  handed  down  to  us  by  our  ancestors,  and  of  which  we  are  the  stewards,  for  the  purpose  of  transmitting  them  unsullied  to  our  posterity.  (Hear,  hear.)  And  therefore  I  shall  at  all  times  resist  every  infringement  upon  those  principles.  (Applause.)  Mr.  C4Asio4la,  moved,  and  Mr.  WEATUAM  seconded,  a  resolution  to  the  effect,  that  the  meeting  adopted  Mr.  Clint  as  their  candidate,  and  that  they  would  use  every  exertion  to  secure  his  return.  The  resolution  was  unanimously  adopted.  Mr.  ABRAHAMS  proposed  that  a  committee  be  appointed.  The  motion  was  seconded  by  Mr.  Fraser,  and  unanimously  adopted.  The  meeting  was  then  addressed  by  Councillors  BECK BECKWITH  WITH BECKWITH  and  HENDERSON,  the  latter  gentleman  stating  in  his  observations,  that  since  1847,  the  Corporation  of  Liverpool  constructed  a  greater  extent  of  sewerage  through  the  town,  than  all  the  other  towns  of  England  put  together.  The  meeting  separated  after  the  usual  vote  of  thanks  to  the  Chairman.  THE  EXHIBITION  OF  THE  LIVERPOOL  ACADEMY  IS  . STYLE=superscript  still  well  attended.  It  will  shortly  open  by  gaslight,  •  The  United  States  Mail  Steam  Ship  Arctic  sails  from  the  Mersey  this  day,  with  the  mails  and  passengers  for  New  York.  The  box  closes  at  7  a.m.  BANKRUPTCY  COURT.—In  re  DAVENPORT.—The  bankrupt  in  thii  case  was  a  coal  merchant  at  Birkenhead.  An  adjourned  certificate  meeting  was  held  yesterday,  but  in  consequence  of  some  doubt  as  to  whether  the  Commis Commissioner  sioner Commissioner  ought  to  adjudicate  on  evidence  not  given  in  the  pre presence  sence presence  of  the  witness,  a  summons  was  ordered  to  issue,  directing  his  attendance  this  day.  Should  he  not  appear,  the  Court  will  ten  proceed  to  adjudicate  upon  the  Que."
