text
"EVILS  01?  THE  LICENSING  SYSTEM.  THE  present  system  of  Public-house  licenses  having  been  so  much  discussed  of  late,  in  con connexion  nexion connexion  with  the  town  of  Liverpool,  the  following  article  on  the  question,  which  appears  in  the  Morning  Chronicle  of  yesterday,  will  doubtlessly  be  interesting  to  our  readers  :  If  the  Licensing  System  were  conducted  with  perfect  purity  and  fairness,  instead  of  being,  as  it  notoriously  is,  the  instrument  of  the  most  shameful  jobbery  and  partiality—if  it  were  as  consistent  with  the  reasonable  liberty  of  the  sub subject  ject subject  as  it  is  utterly  repugnant  to  all  sound  economical  and  social  principles—it  would  still  be  open  to  grave  objection.  The  grounds  on  which  it  was  originally  justified  were  two twofold—the  fold—the twofold—the  protection  of  the  public  against  adulterated  liquors  and  short  measures,  and  the  interposition  of  a  check  upon  the  indulgence  of  vicious  propensities  which  find  in  some  particular  trades  unusual  facilities  for  their  gratification.  How  far  the  former  end  has  been  attained—or  rather,  how  far  any  attempt  is  ever  made  to  attain  it—is  a  question  which  may  be  left  to  the  consumers  of  the  different  beverages  which  the  licensed  victualler  dispenses,  and  for  which  such  admirable  recipes  are  given  in  a  certain  manual  which  is  in  very  general  circulation  among  them.  As  to  the  magis magistrates'  trates' magistrates'  license  operating  as  a  restraint  on  drunkenness  and  other  immoralities,  there  is  good  reason  for  believing  that  it  has  the  directly  opposite  effect.  The  practice  of  selling  licenses,'  says  Mr.  Robertson  Gladstone,  of  Liverpool,  has  a  very  injurious  effect,  inasmuch  as,  if  a  party  having  a  license  desires,  after  a  certain  number  of  years,  to  retire  from  trade,  he  knows  very  well,  if  he  can  show  that  he  draws  a  certain  number  of  casks  of  beer,  or  a  certain  quantity  of  spirits,  and  so  on,  the  license  will  sell  for  a  considerable  rice;p  and  licenses  are  very  commonly  bought  and  sold.'  If  the  trade  were  open,  a  publican  would  have  no  other  motive  for  en encouraging  couraging encouraging  excessive  drinking  than  the  desire  to  earn  a  profit  upon  the  commodity  consumed;  and  that  desire  might,  in  some  measure,  .be  counteracted  by  the  fear  of  attracting  rivals  to  his  neighbourhood,  and  the  police  to  his  doors.  But  as  a  license  confers  a  monopoly,  the  dread  of  competition  is  unfelt  ;  and  the  landlord's  anxiety  to  increase  the  value  of  the  goodwill  of  the  concern—which,  of  course,  rises  with  the  amount  of  business  done—acts  as  a  strong  incentive  in  addition  to  the  hope  of  immediate  profit,  for  stimulating  the  consumption  of  intoxicating  liquors.  even  if  the  system  really  tended  to  restrain  vice,  it  would  still  labour  under  other  fatal  defects.  In  the  first  place,  it  does  not  so  much  as  pretend  to  deal  with  more  than  one  of  the  many  trodeq  which  afford  scope  for  the  evils  against  which  it  is  directed.  There  are  seven  or  eight  dif different  ferent different  branches  of  business  which,  however  innocent  per  se,  unquestionably  offer  facilities  for  many  kinds  of  immorality.  Sir  R.  Mayne,  the  Chief  Commissioner  of  the  Metropolitan  Police,  mentioned,  in  his  evidence  before  the  select  committee  of  last  session,  not  only  the  public-house,  but  also  the  music  and  dancing  room,  the  billiard-room,  the  beer-shop,  the  wine  -room,  the  coffee-shop,  the  eating-house,  and  the  shell shellfish  fish shellfish  shop,  as  places  of  public  entertainment,  which  especi especially  ally especially  call  for  the  control  of  the  State.  With  the  last  three,  however,  the  law  does  not,  practically  speaking,  in  any  way  interfere.  The  other  five  it  treats  in  as  many  different  modes.  Any  freeman  of  the  Vintners'  Company  is  at  liberty  to  open  a  wine  shop,  not  only  without  a  magistrates'  license,  but  without  being  subject  to  police  surveillance  ,  and  more  than  one  house  might  be  mentioned,  in  the  neigbourhood  of  the  theatres,  where  the  disorerly  and  vicious  congregate,  night  after  night,  with  perfect  impunity.  The  evils  in  some  of  these  houses,  says  Sir  R.  Main,  are  very  great,  by  the  assemblage  of  young  men  half  drunk,  and  women,  and  the  seduction  from  those  to  the  gaming-houses.  I  thought  it  a  great  evil,  and  took  steps  to  check  it,  but  I  found  I  could  not  do  Billiard-rooms,  and  music  and  dancing  rooms,  are  not  permitted  without  the  license  of  the  magistrates  :  and  this  is  granted  under  totally  different  con conditions  ditions conditions  in  the  two  cases—the  former  class  of  houses  being  repuired  to  close  at  one  p.m.,  and  not  to  open  till  eight  ;  whilst  the  latter  are  prohibited  from  commencing  their  en entertainments  tertainments entertainments  before  five  p.m.  Beer-houses  are  conducted  under  the  license  of  the  Excise,  which  is  conferred,  as  a  matter  of  course,  on  every  person  who  produces  a  certificate  of  good  character,  signed  by  half-a-dozen  rate  payers.  They  are  bound  to  close  at  midnight,  but  the  sale  of  beer  is  in  many  instances  continued  an  hour  later,  under  the  shelter  of  a  billiard-table  license.  Finally,  no  public-house  can  be  opened  without  the  license  of  the  magistrates.  The  police  may  enter,  at  all  times  of  the  day  or  night,  into  the  t  wo  last-mentioned  establishments,  but  they  have  no  control  whatever  over  any  of  the  others.  is  obvious.  therefore,  that,  even  if  the  licensing  system  were  in  all  other  respects  free  from  objection,  it  would  be  open  to  the  charge  of  being  but  a  very  partial  remedy  for  wide-spread  evils.  But  it  is,  in  truth,  funda fundamentally  mentally fundamentally  vicious  in  principle.  An  age  Sir  ignorant  of  the  general  laws  of  commerce  as  that  of  the  Tuports  may  well  have  imagined  that  vice  was  to  be  checked  by  restricting  competition  in  those  trades  which  gave  opportunities  for  its  indulgence  ;  and  the  error  may  be  the  more  readily  excused,  as  the  only  effectual  instrument  for  attaining  the  end  in  view  —viz.,  a  police  force—did  not  then  exist.  But  a  gene generation  ration generation  which  has  seen  the  last  rags  of  Protectionism  dragged  through  the  mire  by  its  own  disciples,  cannot  be  expected  to  tolerate  much  longer  such  antiquated  notions  upon  the  sub subject,  ject, subject,  If  the  traffic  in  gin  and  brandy  is  injurious  to  the  nation,  it  ought  to  be  prohibited  altogether,  as  it  is  in  Maine,  Massachusetts,  Vermont,  and  Rhode  Island  ;  but  if  '  ark  - STYLE=superscript  a,pla'orfaV2  all  who  may.  in  it.  To  place  the  trade  exclusively  in  the  hands  of  those  persons  who  may  chance  to  find  favor  in  the  eyes  of  a  bench  of  justices  tends  only  to  increase  the  rate  of  profit,  and  by  no  means  diminishes  the  facilities  for  getting  drunk.  These  will  always  exist—be  it  said  with  deference  to  Mr.  Pownall,  the  chairman  of  the  Middlesex  magistrates  —so  long  as  the  monopolists  possess  the  means  of  accommodating  the  sots  of  the  district.  Inebriety  ought  to  be  dealt  with  like  every  other  offence.  Means  should  be  taken  to  restrain  and  to  punish  the  offender;  but  to  expect  to  put  down  drunkenness  by  restricting  the  number  of  houses  where  intoxicating  liquors  may  be  pur purchased,lis  chased,lis purchased,lis  about  as  reasonable  aslto  propose  to  check  gambling  in  the  stock  or  share  market  by  limitmg  the  business  of  the  broker  and  jobber,  as  is  the  case  in  Paris,  to  a  few  persons.  If,  indeed,  the  men  entrusted  with  the  working  of  the  system  approximated  to  the  American  plan  of  total  prohibition,  by  only  licensing  public-houses  in  remote  and,  inconvenient  localities,  indolence  might  sometimes  prevail  over  the  love  of  tippling.  The  drunkard  might  resign  himself  to  the  horrors  of  sobriety,  if  he  could  not  attain  his  seventh  heaven  without  walking  some  miles  for  it.  But  this  is  precisely  what  the  worshipful  bench  carefully  avoid.  They  profess  to  study  the  wants  of  the  neighbourhood.'  Every  spot  where  human  habitations  arise  is  readily  endowed  with  a  public publichouse,  house, publichouse,  unless  the  nearest  existing  establishment  be  within  a  convenient  distance.  The  magistrates  take  care  that  the  drunkard  shall  not  be  subjected  to  the  inconvenience  of  having  to  travel  far  for  his  daily  consolation  ;  but,  having  provided  him  with  one  public-house,  they  deny  him  the  luxury  of  another.  They  do  not  discourage  him  from  drink drinking  ing drinking  gin—they  merely  require  him  to  drink  the  liquid  of  A's  manufacture  out  of  B's  glasses,  instead  of  suffering  him  to  vary  his  compotations  by  sometimes  trying  the  dewdrops  of  X's  still  from  the  measure  of  Y.  In  a  word,  what  their  worships  object  to  is,  inconstancy  in  the  bestowal  of  his  patronage,  not  indulgence  in  his  degrading  propensity.  But  this  is  only  one  of  the  many  curiosities  of  the  licensing"
