text
"he  law  of  partner partnerof  of partnerof  capital  in  commerce  more  easy,  measu  shipping  from  the  payment  of  dues  and  passing  tolls,  and  improving  the  law  and  equity  courts  of  the  realm,  will  fall  very  far  short  of  removing  the  practical  evils,  and  crying  injustice,  under  which  ever  y  section  of  Her  'MAJESTY'S  subjects  is  for  relieving  The  political  programme  is,  therefore,  far  from  I  ntly  comprehensive  and  satisfactory.  a  Royal  speech  as  long  s  message  ;  but  we  must  candidly  could  lika  to  hear  from  the  Throne  ng  the  eulightened  and  liberal  v  to  s  as  a  I  confess  somethin  embody].  something  definite  views  of  leading  topics  of  the  wiLh  respect  )und  and  intel-  day,  and  the  inaug  ion  01  solemn  mockery  principles  ~ytha'  'while  was  assuring  tport  t  m  for  exertions  a  due  r  ty,  Prince  All  to  liuc  the  royal  family  an  am-pal  on  Wednesday.  In  the  on  of  that  day,  the  Queen  held  a  privy-council  -council  was  attended  bt  the  Ihe  pri  Consort  and  the  great  officers  of  state;  and,  at  council,  the  Queen's  speech,  on  opening  Parliament,  ly,  the  Queen  pric  11  the  list  of  sheriffs  for  the  ensuing.  At  the  court,  tne  following  presentations  took  place,  by  Mr.  Secretary  Labouchere,  acting  for  Sir  George  Grey—Mr.  Baron  Bramwell,  on  his  elevation  to  the  bench  ;  Mr.  W.  Carpenter  Rowe,  o❑  his  appoint appointment  ment appointment  as  Chief  Justice  of  Ceylon  ;  Mr.  Matthew  Sausse,  as  Puisne  Judge  at  Bombay;  Mr.  P.  Benson  Maxwell,  on  appointment  as  Recorder  of  Prince  Edward's  Island  ;  Mr.  Richard  Bolton  McCausland,  on  appointment  as  Recorder  of  Singapore;  and  Mr.  Win.  Edmund  Logan,  Director  of  the  Geological  Survey  of  Canada.  On  each  of  the  above  mentioned  gentlemen,  her  Majesty  was  graciously  pleased  to  confer  the  honour  of  knighthood.  Monsieur  Mussurus  had  an  audience  of  her  Majesty,  and  delivered  his  new  credentials  as  Ambas Ambassador  sador Ambassador  from  the  Sultan  of  Turkey.  Mr.  Alfred  Ruker  had  his  first  audience  of  the  Queen,  and  delivered  his  creden credentials  tials credentials  as  Minister-Resident  of  the  Hanse  Towns.  The  Right  Hon.  Sir  Henry  13ulwer,  G.C.8.,  was  presented  to  the  Queen  at  an  audience,  by  the  Earl  of  Clarendon,  on  his  return  from  his  mission  to  Tuscany.  Her  Majesty  gave  audiences  to  Viscount  Palmerston,  the  Lord  Chan Chancellor,  cellor, Chancellor,  Earl  Granville,  Lord  Panmure,  and  the  Right  Hon.  M:  T.  Baines,  Chancel!or  of  the  Duchy  of  Lan Lancaster.  caster. Lancaster.  Her  Majesty  and  the  Prince  honoured  the  Haymarket  Theatre  with  their  presence  in  the  evening."
