text
"he  idea  of  abandoning  all  claim  of  compensation  lsions  to  the  determined  for  our  losses,  and  allp  enforcement  of  those  rights  fcr  which  we  went  to  war,  and  the  material  guarantees  required  for  the  )bserva  )f  our  demands  as  a  great  mari-  and  commercial  nation,  would  be  too  base  for  this  entry  to  tolerate,  even  at  the  hands  of  a  Whig  or  PALMERSTON  administration  have  always  been  led  to  believe  that  this  war  neant  great  things,  and  the  people  of  tl  i.s  country  Illy  looked  for  Teat  things,  to  compensate  MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL.  LIVERPOOL,  THURSDAY  EVENING  There  has  been  no  change  in  the  tone  of  the  cotton  market  to-day.  With  an  active  demand  the  sales  reach  8000  bales,  of  which  1500  were  taken  for  speculation  and  export.  Prices  were  very  firm.  The  Liverpool  Share  Market  opened  with  con considerable  siderable considerable  buoyancy  at  a  further  advance  upon  yesterday's  prices,  and  continued  firm  until  the  afternoon,  when  a  decline  of  2to  per  cent.  took  place,  closing  flat  at  the  lowest  point.  Aberdeen,lll  12.  Chester  and  Birkenhead,  13  131.  Caledonian,  Chester  and  Holyhead,  12  123.  East East-828L.  828L. East-828L.  East  Lancashire,  189-10  1811-10.  Ditto  A,  10i  10k.  ern  Counties,  Northern  Great  Western,  55  552.  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Stock  801  80  . STYLE=superscript  4.  Liverpool,  Crosby,  and  Southport,  15  151.  London  and  North  Western  Stock,  981  98k.  Manchester,  Sheffield  and  Lincoln,  258  251.  Ditto  Preference,  131  13!-.  Ditto  New  6  per  cent  Pref.,  A  -,lp.  Midland  Stock,  69*  69k.  North  British,  7  11-16  7  1316.  North  Staffordshire,  81  8/d.  South  Eastern,  18  5-16  18.  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  18  181.  York  and  North  Midland,  24  .  241.  Leeds  Capital  Stock,  14  14*.  Dutch  Rhenish,  a  x  all  ap.  Ditto  New  Shares,  2i  2 STYLE=superscript  1P.  Great  Western  of  Canada,  25*  26,1.  Ditto  New  Shares,  3  5-16  3  7-1.6  p.  Great  Luxembourg,  Messrs.  Browne,  Hunter,  and  Company,  have  issued  their  usual  Monthly  Circular  to  day,  from  which  we  quote  the  following  :  The  general  expectation  that  the  Produce  Markets  would  reopen  at  the  commencement  of  the  year  with  increased  actively  (the  close  of  a  year  being  always  marked  by  an  indisposition  on  the  part  of  buyers  to  increase  their  stocks,  which  may  in  some  measure  account  for  the  dull dullness  ness dullness  that  prevailed  at  the  date  of  our  last  circular),  has  not  been  realised,  thereby  rendering  evident  that  the  causes  which  had  previously  operated  to  depress  com commerce  merce commerce  and  curtail  transactions  continued  to  exercise  the  same  baneful  influence,  with  no  immediate  prospect  of  the  evils  being  mitigated  ;  the  pending  preliminaries  to  renewed  negotiations  for  peace,  doubtless,  caused  consi considerable  derable considerable  suspense,  for  so  uncertain  seemed  the  issue  of  the  acceptance  or  rejection  on  the  part  of  Russia,  that  few  were  willing  to  enter  into  transactions  ;  upon  receipt,  however,  of  a  telegraphic  message  on  the  17th  instant  from  Vienna,  to  the  effect  that  Russia  had  unconditionally  accepted  the  terms  offered  by  Austria,  great  excitement  prevailed,—Funds  immediately  advanced  two  to  three  per  cent.,  Cotton  id.  per  lb.,  Sugar  (which  was  previously  of  nominal  value)  became  firmer,  and  holders  refused  to  sell  except  at  much  higher  prices  ;  whilst,  on  the  other  hand,  all  war  articles  became  depressed,  and  prices  nominal.  From  the  ebullition  of  feeling  displayed  by  the  public,  evidence  is  afforded  of  the  benefits  that  would  accrue  by  a  cessation  of  hostilities,  indicating  also  that  the  previous  duplicity  and  insincerity  of  Russia,  had  been  lost  sight  of,  and  it  was  not  until  succeeding  accounts  were  received,  showing  the  acceptance  of  the  propositions  to  be  intended  only  as  a  basis  of  negociations,  that  the  most  sanguine  became  less  confident  ;  hence  the  excite excitement  ment excitement  has  in  a  great  measure  abated—until  more  definite  and  authentic  intelligence  is  made  known  uncertainty  must  prevail,  and  the  exercise  of  caution  be  requisite.  The  Money  Market  has  continued  in  the  same  unsatis unsatisfactory  factory unsatisfactory  position  ;  and  although  large  arrivals  of  specie  have  taken  place,  the  efflux  of  bullion  is  still  in  the  ascendant,  the  stock  at  the  Bank  of  England  being  now  £9,799,305,  :'against  £10,439,525  at  the  date  of  our  last  circular.  By  some  an  increase  in  the  rate  has  been  anticipated,  but,  should  the  directors  deem  it  prudent  further  to  cripple  commercial  stability,  no  doubt  an  immediate  suspension  of  the  Act  of  1844  would  be  tapplied  for  by  the  mercantile  community.  Unquestionably,  a  return  of  peace  would  bring  into  circulation  a  large  amount  of  money  at  present  hoarded,  with  a  view  to  an  increased  rate  of  interest  ;  but  it  must  also  be  borne  in  mind  that  new  loans  will  be  resorted  to,  and,  with  an  expansion  of  commerce,  greatly-increased  accommodation  would  be  required,  so  that  no  immediate  ease  in  monetary  affairs  is  apparent.  The  opinion  we  ventured  to  express  in  our  Annual  Circular,  as  a  means  to  relieve  the  present  difficulties  by  the  issue  of  one  pound  notes,  was  said  to  be  contemplated,  but  no  remedy  has  yet  been  proposed.  in  reference  to  the  Market  for  Linseed,  they  say  :  Since  the  intelligence  of  the  17th  inst.,  the  business  in  linseed  has  been  suspended,  and  quotations  have  become  quite  nominal,  buyers  no  doubt,  being  under  the  impression  that  prices  would  considerably  decline  in  the  event  of  peace  being  made  ;  but  when  it  is  an  admitted  fact  that  no  supplies  could  be  received  from  any  of  the  Baltic  ports,  even  if  the  terms  of  peace  were  now  agreed  upon,  for  three  or  four  months  hence,  and  as  the  consumption  of  linseed  in  Russia  has  so  greatly  increased  for  the  want  of  supplies  of  olive  oil,  the  stocks  also  in  all  the  ports  of  the  Black  Sea  having  been  shipped  until  within  a  late  period,  it  is  very  uncertain  if  any  quantity  could  be  received  this  year.  And  as  the  stocks  in  this  country  are  well  known  to  be  very  light,  which  has  compelled  most  of  the  mills  to  stop  working,  we  cannot  see  any  cause  for  an  immediate  fall  in  prices  if  holders  are  only  firm,  and  refrain  from  pressing  sales.  The  transactions  in  the  early  part  of  the  month  are  1000  bags  Bengal  linseed,  at  76s  to  775,  and  two  parcels  Bombay,  to  arrive,  one  at  755,  and  the  other  at  68s;  3000  bags  Bengal  rapeseed,  at  69s  to  70s  ;  800  bags  gingelly  seed,  at  70s  ;  400  bags  yellow  mustard  seed  (fine  quality),  at  70s  ;  753  bags  poppy,  at  65s  ;  and  700  bags  Niger,  to  arrive,  at  54s  per  quarter.  The  imports  of  linseed  into  the  United  Kingdom,  lbr  eleven  months,  are  649,769  qrs.,  against  698,660  qrs.  ;  and  of  rapeseed,  113,782  qrs.,  against  89,252  qrs.,  in  1854.  There  has  been  a  fair  amount  of  business  done  in  the  Manchester  Goods  Market  to-day,  but  reports  of  the  failure  of  a  large  spinning  house  were  current,  and  caused  some  depression.  _  Letters  from  Copenhagen  state  that  the  con conference  ference conference  on  the  Sound  Dues  proceeded  very  slowly.  The  meetings  are  postponed  from  day  to  day,  in  conseque  nce  of  the  non-arrival  of  commissioners  frem  some  of  the  States  interested.  Among  these  are  the  delegates  from  the  free  cities  of  Germany,  and  the  representative  of  Norway.  The  directors  of  the  Australian  Agricultural  Com Company  pany Company  have  issued  their  report  in  anticipation  of  the  annual  meeting.  The  accounts,  which  are  for  the  year  ending  Dec.  31,  1854,  show  a  profit  of  17,9501;  but  the  Directors,  owing  to  several  unfavourable  circumstances,  do  not  recommend  the  declaration  of  a  dividend.  A  comparative  statement  of  the  colliery  operations  gives  the  amount  of  coal  raised  at  47,538  tons.  The  expenses  were  36,098/,  and  the  net  revenue  was  8,2041.  The  Funds  continues  to  rise.  At  the  official  close  to-day  the  advance  upon  the  final  quotations  was  three-eighths  per  cent,  but,  at  a  later  hour  a  reaction  of  one  eighth  per  cent  was  quoted.  At  the  close  the  figures  stood  thus  :-902  91.  To  day  the  movement  for  higher  prices  seems  generally  to  have  assumed  a  more  speculative  character.  Upon  all  the  Continental  Stock  Markets  a  rapid  rise  is  in  progress.  At  Paris  to-day  th  e  th  ree  p  e  r  cent  Rentes  quietly  rose  7  4  -  per  cent,  but  the  closing  quotations  were  not  received  here  this  evening.  Money  was  in  increased  demand  to  day  in  the  Stock  Exchange  at  5  to  6  per  cent,  part  l  y  to  mee  t  to tomorrow's  morrow's tomorrow's  finalinstalment  of  12;  7 STYLE=superscript  .1  per  cent  on  the  Turkish  Loan.  Some  advances  were  obtained  from  the  Bank  at  6  per  cent.  The  Railway  Share  Market  continues  animated  and  buoy.  ant,  the  closing  quotations  being  as  follows  :—Cale :—Caledonian,  donian, :—Caledonian,  561  561.  Eastern  Counties,  8  13-16  8  15.16  East  Lancashire,  731  741  Great  Northern,  951961.  Ditto  A,  81  82.  Great  Western,  551551.  Lanca Lancashire  shire Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  801  80;-?-,.  London  and  North  Western,  98?-,  98a.  Manchester,  Sheffield.  and  Lincoln  Shire,  241  251  Midland  Stock,  681  69.  North  British,  301  31-t.  South  Eastern  and  Dover,  601  64.  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  721  731  York  and  North  Midland,  49i  48t.  A  RAILWAY  ROMANCE.—A  singular  affair  occurred  on  gentleman  c  a  f  r  r  o  r  m  i  ag  ß  e  r  h  m  i  s  i  n  v  g  is  h  .  a  a  m  .  u  a  found  h  t  h  i  m  e  s  o  e  n  l  I  f  y  seated  other  y  the  Wear  Valley  railway  (Durham)  th  e  other  day.  A  n STYLE=superscript  as-  a STYLE=superscript  senger  in  that  compartment  of  the  carriage  being  a  blooming  lady,  answering  to  the  alliterative  description  of  fat,  fair,  and  The  train  had  scarcely  moved  a  hundred  yards  from  the  station,  before  the  lady  sud suddenly  denly suddenly  leaped  from  her  seat  and  exclaimed  to  the  other  passenger,  How  dare  you,  sir  ?  What  do  you  mean  The  gentleman,  astonished,  renlied  that  He  did  not  understand  ,•  he  had  done  nothing  to  harm  Again  and  again  she  sprang  from  her  seat  in  apparent  terror  and  rage,  and  declared  with  vehemence  that  her  neigh neighbour  bour neighbour  was  a  villain,  and  she  would  have  him  taken  into  custody  at  the  next  station.  The  gentleman  protested  his  innocence,  and  asked  what  he  had  done  ;  hut  the  eccentric  lady  still  kept  leaping  from  her  seat,  raving  against  his  treatment,  till  the  gentleman  decided  that  she  was  mad,  and  resolved,  on  the  arrival  of  the  train  at  the  next  station,  to  give  her  into  custody.  As  her  eccentricity  did  not  abate,  nor  her  rage  either,  he,  on  the  arrival  of  the  train  at  one  of  the  stations,  was  about  to  carry  his  resolution  into  action,  when  she  suddenly  sprang  to  the  door  and  screamed  out''  Guard  !  Guard  at  the  top  of  her  voice,  and  presently  collected  not  only  the  guard,  but  a  crowd  of  people  around  her.  She  then  commenced  her  accusation  in  words,  both  loud  and  deep,  protesting  that  the  gentleman  had  improperly  pinched  her  legs,  and  the  gentleman,  horrified  at  the  charge,  pro protesting,  testing, protesting,  with  equal  vehemence,  his  perfect  innocence.  At  this  juncture,  when  matters  looked  serious  for  the  gentleman,  the  guard  happened  to  recollect  that  he  had  placed  a  bisket  under  the  seat  of  the  carriage  containing  a  live  goose;  and,  pulling  it  out,  the  mystery  was  ex explained,  plained, explained,  the  bird  being  the  criminal.  Having STYLE=superscript  eased  the  lady's  fears  and  the  gentleman's  apprehensions,  this  explanation  was  received  with  perfect  good  humour  and  satisfaction  by  the  parties  concerned,  and  the  train  renewed  its  journey  amid  the  convulsive  laughter  and  applause  of  the  assembled  multitude.  NORTHERN  TIMES.-LIVERPOOL,  FRIDAY,  JANUARY  25,  1856."
