text
"THE  LIVERPOOL  DISPENSARIES  Yesterday  the  proprietors  of  the  Liverpool  dispensaries  held  their  annual  meeting  at  the  large-room  in  Hacken's-hey.  There  were  about  fiftT  of  the  proprietors  present,  at  the  time  announced  for  holding  the  meeting,  two  o'clock,  when  Mr.  Charles  Booth  said,  prior  to  the  announcement  of  the  business  of  the  day,  he  thought  it  right  to  state  that  soon  after  the  death  of  their  late  highly  respected  and  esteemed  president,  the  venerable  Archdeacon  Brooks,  the  committee  had  thought  it  most  advisable  to  ask  the  Rev.  Rector  Campbell  to  fill  his  place.  (Oh  0  Notwithstanding  that  the  rev.  gentleman's  time  is  so  occupied,  he  at  once  consented,  and  has  this  day  come  amongst  us,  therefore  he  had  much  pleasure  in  moving  that  he  do  take  the  chair,  on  the  present  occasion.  Mr.  Paine  had  great  pleasure  in  seconling  the  motion.  Tile  Rev.  Rector  Campbell,  in  taking  the  presidency  of  the  association,  said  be  had  much  pleasure  in  taking  the  chair  for  two  reasons  :  first,  because  he  was  moat  anxious  to  supply  the  place,  as  well  as  his  abilities  would  allow,  of  his  late  venerable  and  venerated  friend,  Archdeacon  Brooks;  and  secondly,  because  he  took  much  interest  in  the  Liverpool  dispensaries,  in  consequence  of  their  extensive  utility  to  the  poor  of  the  town.  He  had  been  a  subscriber  to  them  for  many  years,  and  bad  contributed  to  them  as  far  as  his  means  would  permit.  His  friend  (Mr.  Booth)  had  alluded  to  the  great  number  of  his  avocations—it  was  true  they  were  numerous,  and  at  that  very  time  he  had  an  engagement  on  another  important  corn cornrnitTe,  rnitTe, cornrnitTe,  but  had  selected  to  attend  that  meeting  in  preference.  (Applause.)  lie  would  assure  the  proprietors  that  he  would  give  that  charity  all  the  a,  , STYLE=superscript  sistanc3  he  could.  (Applause.)  The  Rev.  Mr.  Morel'  then,  at  the  request  of  the  president,  read  the  following  annual"
