text
"g,rrast.•  LATEST  INTELLIGENCE,  SECOND  EDITION.  THE  CRI  ME  A  Accounts  received  at  Constantinople,  state  that  Get  eral  Jean  Durand°  was  to  replace  General  do  la  Marmot  in'  the  command  of  the  Sardinian  troops  during  th  absence  of  the  latter  gallant  commander,  on  his  missio  to  tho  Parisian  capital.  In  qonstantinor  —  r  ..,  tne  report  prevailed  that  Marslu  Eelissier  was  to  take  the  coramarid.-in,chief  of  .the  Allie  armies  in  the  Crimea.  A  despatch  from  St.  Petersburg  announces  the  publics  tion  of  an  imperial  ultase,•according  to  the  provisions  which.  the  non-commissioned  off,—  who  hav  teomers  to  Red,u  -- STYLE=superscript  ''  l STYLE=superscript  lo'  .. STYLE=superscript  ---  THE  Fl.ll  .  ?Acil  FUNDS.  to  it  e  clout.  tOrrner.ha  1  his  .  PARTS.  WEDNESDAY  tVENING.  — STYLE=superscript  The  transactions  on  the  Bourse  to-day  elosed  i  atrito  folloWing  prices  :—Four  and  a  11a1rper  Cents  - STYLE=superscript  ,  0111+  ThOt  per  Cents.  63f.  10e.  Tali  E  . STYLE=superscript  .X.T.ltek  ORDIN.A:RY  .POISONiNG  -  1 STYLE=superscript  :  .  I STYLE=superscript  '&#34;'  AT  n  UGELEY:  441-  ADJOURNED  INQUEST  ON  THE  EXTITLyIED  BODIES.  ;  (PROM  :  OUR  SaTA  CORTIEOPONDENT.)  ,  •  ,•  , STYLE=superscript  71T  . STYLE=superscript  .YeStOC.l.4f  l  0  (Tedpesda  mornin  g  the  adjourned  ;ugliest  on  the  exhumed  - STYLE=superscript  bodies  of  Ann  Palmer  and  Walter  Pallier  supposed  to  have  been  PoiSoned  by  palnier  t  ,.was  resumed  at  the  Talbot  Hotel,  Rugeley,  before  111r.'W.,  Ward,  the  coroner,,ancl,  a  jury  of  23,perS,Ms.  As  soon  as'the  jury  had  assembled;  the  coroner  intilWe4  that  the  enquiry  had  been  ,principally  Postponed,  in  order  that  Professor  Taylor  might  'make  an  analysis  ot'  deceased's  intestines.  He  was  inCorrned  by  Capt.'  Mao*  the  chief  constable;  that  the  analysis  was  'not  'yet  coin coinpleted,  pleted, coinpleted,  and  it  was  therefore  necessary  again  to  adjourn  the  inquest.  Professor  Taylor  said  he  wouldbe  prepared  next  Wednesday,  to'which  day  it  was  proposed  to  adjOurn.  The  Foreman  of  the  Jury  desired  an  adjournment  . STYLE=superscript  until  Friday,  the'llth  inst.,  Lord  Lichfield's  rent  day  occurring  on  the  Wednesday,  and  market  day  on  the  Thuraday,  The  chief  constable  was  called  in,  and  reported  that  Dr.  Taylor  had  expressed  a  ,wish  that  Dr.  Rees  should  be  associated  with  him  in  the  examination  of  the  bodies,  in,  consequence  of  which  he  (Capt.  Hatton)  had  . STYLE=superscript  applied  to  Silt  George  Grey,  from  whom  permission  .  had  been  .obtainedo  and  Professor  Taylor  had  written  him,  stating  that  hinf hinfseif  seif hinfseif  and  Dr.  Rees  would  conclude  the  analysis  by.,Weci-  nesday  next  The  Coroner  observed  that  should  , STYLE=superscript  Professor  Taylor  'be•  unable  to  attend  on  Friday,  other  wVrie.3ses  could  be•  heard  that  day.  It  was  probable  that  tile.  inquiry  woddi  last  two  or  three  days.  .After  some  further  conversation,  the  investigatioa  was  postponed  until  Frida  Ly,  the  Ilth  instant,  Mr.  Gardiner  was  in  attendance  on  belk:.if  of  the  pm&amp;  eution,  and  Mr.  Dean  was  present  to  watch  the  case  fdr  upwards  of  twenty  insurance  companies.  CORRESPONDENCE  OF  THE  ACCUSED  WITH  THE  COEW;ER.  The  Jury  having  retired;  Capiaindlattlin  made  afforek afforektion  tion afforektion  to  the  Coroner  for  a  et+py  of  a  letter  Mr.  Wardw4s.  said  to  have  received  from  William  Palmer,  eamalittedti,  gaol  for  the  wilful  murder  of  Mr.  Cbok,  The  Coroner  of  got  it."
