text
"THE  REV.  CANON  GILLOW'S  LECTURE.  On  last  evening,  the  Rev.  Canon  Gillow  delivered,  in  the  Clayton-hall,  his  concluding  lecture  on  the  of  Christianity  over  Pagan  The  attendance  was  not  so  large  as  on  the  occasion  of  the  first  lecture,  The  chair  was  occupied  by  Jour/  YATES,  Esq.,  Jun.  The  other  gentlemen  on  the  platform  were  the  Revs.  J.  Worthy,  C.  Zeehay,  R.  Gradwell,  J.  Nugent,  and  H.  Gibson.  The  Rev.  Gentleman  commenced  his  lecture  by  stating  that  he  had  endeavoured  to  make  himself  master  of  the  facts  of  the  history  which  he  intended  to  comment  on,  and  these  facts,  he  promised  his  audience,  should  be  faithfully  submitted  to  them.  They  were  probably  aware  that  there  were  ten  great  persecutions  inflicted  on  the  early  christians  by  the  pagans.  He  would  dwell  upon  the  first  and  last.  The  first  general  persecution  was  under  that  monster  of  ini iniquity  quity iniquity  the  fifth  Roman  Emperor  Nero  ;  and  it  was  very  re remarkable  markable remarkable  that  this  emperor  who  made  his  name  so  infamous  by  his  brutal  and  savage  persecutions  of  the  Christians,  was  in  his  early  life  a  most  mild  and  gentle  man.  The  rev.  lecturer  here  gave  a  brief  outline  of  Nero's  life— lifehis  his lifehis  murder  of  his  father-in-law  Germanius,  and  other  mem members  bers members  of  his  family—his  associations  with  the  worst  characters  in  his  city—his  ambition  to  be  considered  a  good  singer,  and  his  burning  of  Rome,  to  gratify  at  once  his  savage  nature,  and  to  clear  a  foundation  for  the  gorgeous  palace  which  he  subsequently  erected.  Alarmed  at  the  growing  indignation  of  the  Romans,  he  diverted  their  rage  from  himself,  by  :lav :laving  ing :laving  it  rumoured  abroad,  that  it  was  the  Christians  who  had  burned  the  city.  The  news  spread  like  wildfire,  and  the  cry  at  once  arose  of  the  Christians  to  the  and  so  the  persecution  arose.  Some  of  the  Christians  were  put  into  the  skins  of  wild  beasts,  and  fierce  dogs  set  on  them,  and  so  they  perished.  Others  were  nailed  to  crosses,  and  so  left  to  linger  out  existence  in  hideous  tor torments.  ments. torments.  But  the  most  savage  of  all  those  torments  was  what  was  called  tun?  ca  molesta  -  the  monster  invention  of  Nero  himself.  The  tunics  molests  consisted  of  garments  made  to  fit  the  human  form  very  closely.  They  were  steeped  in  pitch,  resin,  and  other  inflammatory  materials,  and  into  each  of  them  was  a  Christian  thrust,  who  was  doomed  by  the  tyrant  to  suffer  in  the  cause  of  our  crucifie  d  Lord.  He  had  them,  then,  fastened  to  upright  posts,  and  with  their  blazing  bodies  lit  up  his  gardens  by  night;  while  he  himself,  for  the  amusement  of  his  sanguinary  people,  drove  his  chariot  through  the  hideous  illumination.  And  thus  perished  myriads  of  Christians—martyrs  in  the  faith—until,  at  last,  the  butchery  was  brought  to  a  close  for  the  time  by  the  cru crucifixion  cifixion crucifixion  of  the  Apostle  Peter,  and  the  decapitation  of  Paul.  Passing  from  this  portion  of  his  subject,  the  reverend  lecturer  described  the  origin  of  the  writers,  and  quoted  some  passages  from  St.  Justin,  to  shew  the  bold  and  intrepid  tone  which  the  Christians  adopted  in  their  defence,  and  with  what  confidence  they  even  thus  early  appealed  to  the  common  sense  of  their  persecutors  :  being  fully  convinced  that  the  hatred  which  the  latter  bore  them  was  merely  the  offspring  of  error  and  misrepresentation.  He  (the  lecturer)  was  particularly  anxious  never  to  use  one  word  that  could  offend  those  who  differed  from  him  in  religion.  But  he  wished  to  remind  them  of  what  happened  in  England  a  few  years  ago,  as  analogous  to  the  history  which  he  had  been  quoting,  when  the  Pope  changed  their  vicars  apostolic  into  bishops  in  ordinary.  They  remembered  how  the  platform,  the  press,  and  every  conceivable  engine.  was  used  to  stir  up  the  country  against  them.  Thcy  remembered  how  their  priests  were  hooted  and  hissed,  and  how  those  ministering  angels,  the  nuns,  were  insulted  as  they  went  on  their  daily  er  - STYLE=superscript  ands  of  mercy,  to  nurse  the  sick  and  console  the  dying.  And  they  remembered  how,  during  that  time  when  the  storm  raged  the  fiercest,  one  great  champion  'of  the  church  came  forward,  and  taking,  as  his  model  the  great  Apologist  of  old,  like  him,  with  confidence  appealed  to  the  good  sense  of  his  countrymen  -  the  English  nation.  That  cham champion  pion champion  he  need  scarcely  tell  them  was  Nicholas,  Cardinal  Wiseman.  (Applause.)  And  it  was  the  advice  of  that  eminent  man,  and  of  that  illustrious  convert  to  the  faith,  Dr.  Newman,  (applause)  to  endeavour  each  in  his  sphere  to  disabuse  their  Protestant  friends  of  the  erroneous  views  which  were  entertained  of  them  as  Catholics.  Because,  believing  the  Catholics  to  be  idolators  to  worship  the  Virgin  Mary,  and  to  give  permission  to  sin,  they  hated  them  and  their  faith  ;  but  if  they  were  told  that  Catholics  did  neither  the  one  nor  the  other,  then  if  Protestants  did  not  love  and  respect  them,  they  would  at  all  events  cease  to  hate  them.  The  Rev.  gentlemen,  in  conclusion,  described  the  Dioclesian  persecution,  and  how  Christianity  eventually  triumphed  after  the  miraculous  conversion  of  Constantine.  The  Rev.  gentleman  was  frequently  applauded  during  the  delivery  of  his  address  ;  and  on  the  motion  of  the  chairman  the  thanks  of  the  assembly  were  voted  by  acclamation  to  him."
