text
"lation  st  stage  of  d  n  was  better  than  cu  .jiuced  that  prevei.--  was  their  duty  as  Christians,  to  endeavour  t  most  effectual  iystem  of  prevention.  (Hear,  Ivas  deeply  to  be  regretted,  that  they  f STYLE=superscript  urther  than  the  law  allowed  th  pre  tor  the  but  wh,  MeV  saw  couaren  who  they  prowling  11.1JJ1.11:  wig STYLE=superscript  --eY  knew  were  beginning  to  steal,  it  was  to  be  regretted  that  they  could  not  take  up  those  children  and  Iblanne  i  them  in  reformatory  institutions,  tut  should  b'  :  Tl  cue STYLE=superscript  d  to  wait  until  they  had  committed  some  crim  -  had STYLE=superscript  fai STYLE=superscript  rlY  entered  their  Prussia,  and  in  other  des  to  the  1  ,  0  9.  4  _  some  , STYLE=superscript  r  or  vicE  he  w  :  r STYLE=superscript  T  r STYLE=superscript  s  , STYLE=superscript  and  was  observed  Th;.,  7,  8 STYLE=superscript  , STYLE=superscript  inniediately  taken  np  ,  though  he  might  hay,.  corn cornh•Leci  h•Leci cornh•Leci  nn  mischief,  nor  a  serious  crime  be  alleged  aczainst  2  11 STYLE=superscript  2:  and  handed  over  'to  the  police,  or  a  reformatory  to  rear  him  up  a  useful  and  honest  man.  (Hear,  near.)  Re  very  much  approved  of  the  report,  and  he  trusted  that  th  hi'  world  afford  to  the  committee  pu  u  •  -  -  very  ,idandsuppert  in  corryine  out  the  ob,  s  of  a  i STYLE=superscript  nstitution  to  their  fullest  completion.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  J.  P.  Heywood  said,  he  was  anxious  that  tt  itstitution  should  meet  with  every  support  •  deQtiaired  of  reclaiming  Vie  , STYLE=superscript  old,  he  believed  that  she  only  chance  of  diminishing  crime  in  this  country  way,  by  taltines,  eharge  of  the  children  when  very  young.  s  'Perience  of  his  year  of  0  4 STYLE=superscript  ce  as  High  Sheriff  for  the  cone  led  him  to  believe  that  when  thieves  grew  up  to  a  man's  estate  they  would  continue  to  be  thieves,  •  and  nothing  else.  There  was  no  chance  of  reclaiming  the  old,  but  by  taking  the  young  before  they  were  matured  in  crime,  t STYLE=superscript  hey  might  save  them  from  a  life  of  vice  and  misery.  tear,  hear.)  He  confessed  that  every  day  he  lived  he  'was  the  more  convinced  of  the  necessity  and  importance  of  reformatory  institutions,  and  he  hoped  that  the  one  Which  they  had  now  established  in  Liverpool,  and  which  Would  serve  to  raise  a  race  of  '  seamen  the  merchant  ser service  vice service  much  required,  would  meet  from  the  public  the  sup-  Port  it  deserved.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Adam  Hodgson  supported  the  resolution.  He  said  that  there  were  many  questions  of  more  importance  than  'the  one  which  had  assembled  them  together,  and  though  It  was  an  extensive  one,  and  might  be  presented  in  aspects  that  would  excite  their  sympathies,  it  was  yet  eminently  'aractical  question.  The  whole  question  was  stated  in  the.  clearest  possible  way  in  two  or  three  short  resolu resolutions  tions resolutions  of  the  Select  Committee  of  the  House  of  Commons  tn  the  subject,  and  as  they  were  not  generally  known,  he  would  read  them,  in  order  that  they  might  go  forth  to  the  public.  Mr.  Hodgson  then  read  the  resolutions,  which  were  as  follows  :-  1.  That  it  is  the  opinion  of  this  committee  that  a'great  amount  of  juvenile  destitution.  ignorance,  vagrancy,  and  crime,  has  long  existed  in  this  country,  for  which  no  aslequate  remedy  has  yet  been  provided.  That  the  existence  of  similar  evils  in  France,  Ger-  Th STYLE=superscript  anY,  Switzerland,  Belgium,  and  the  United  States,  has  been  met  by  vigorous  efforts  in  those  countries  :  and,  in  theis  opinion  of  this  c  omm  itt  ee,  sound  '  policy  requires  that  country  should  promptly  adopt  measures  for  the  s STYLE=superscript  ame  purpose.  3.  That  it  app  ears  t  o  thi  s  committee  to  be  established  by  the  evidence,  that  a  large  portion  of  the  present  segre-  Rate  of  crime  might  be  prevented,  and  thousands  of  m STYLE=superscript  iserable  human  beings,  who  'have  before  them,  under  ° STYLE=superscript  lir  present  system,  nothing  but  a  hopeless  career  of  !ickedness  and  vice,  might  be  converted  into  virtuous,  honest,  industrious  citizens,  if  due  care  were  taken  1  ,  10 STYLE=superscript  rescue  destitute,  neglectedtat  and  criminal  children  the  daneers  'eand  tempions  incident  to  their  .  .  .  position.  fe  4 STYLE=superscript  ;  •  That  a  great  proportion  of  the  criminal  children  of  `:  3 STYLE=superscript  c STYLE=superscript  ountry.  especially  those  coniicted  of  first  offenee  en,  l  l)* STYLE=superscript  ',  ar  rather  to  require  systematic  t  Istria'  occupation  than  mere  punia  o  correction,,,  n  o  s STYLE=superscript  t  . STYLE=superscript  j  u  l STYLE=superscript  lat  the  common  gaols  and  houses  t  eorr  e STYLE=superscript  e  Pa STYLE=superscript  l  l STYLE=superscript  Y  ,  provide  suitable  means  for  the  educational  'whe  n  F,'  l STYLE=superscript  '  e  treatment  of  young  children,  who  ougnt  ri  o  be  treated  in  a  manner  different  from  rie  a?re  .  ine,  .  t  6 STYLE=superscript  .  e  hat  1 STYLE=superscript  `  e STYLE=superscript  e STYLE=superscript  e  - STYLE=superscript  ,  111 STYLE=superscript  ,  41 STYLE=superscript  7  punishments  of  adult  criminals.  rem,  at  private  reformatory  establishments  fen  of  pe  rmanent  - STYLE=superscript  H STYLE=superscript  eals  have  proved  successful,  but  are  not  sure  else  the  slipport,  and  are  deficient  'in  legal  control  an  r  see  inmates.  MO.  anThat  such  reformatory  schools  should  be  founded  cont  partially  by  local  rates,  and  partly  by  givenr_efbeeons  from  the  State,  and  that  'power.  should  be  le  is.  r  raising  the  necessary  amount  of  local  rates.  tion  hat,  irrespectively  of  the  high  moral  consid'  I  sle  t  s STYLE=superscript  wh STYLE=superscript  ich  are  involved  in  this  subject,  this  con  , STYLE=superscript  e  sire  to  e STYLE=superscript  xpress  their  belief,  that,  whatever'  is  if  , STYLE=superscript  pros  of STYLE=superscript  suc STYLE=superscript  h  schools  and  establist.  st  duct,  31  tes  _  .ve  9  0 STYLE=superscript  .  great  pecuniary  Would  h  in  diminishing  which  0  .  have  •  )n  and  th,reerhcvriminal  population  is  now  c  el  critninredueing  the  ge—  io  Mink„.•  a STYLE=superscript  l  law.  t  un STYLE=superscript  ees  l STYLE=superscript  ,—lt  was  a  cause  of  great  congratulation  to  aw  het  the  corporation  had  come  forward  in  so  noble  tie  n  ßY STYLE=superscript  as STYLE=superscript  they  had  done.  (Hear,  hear.)  But  the  ques quest  t quest  T STYLE=superscript  v  'wig  what  was  the  public  of  the  town  to  do?  `nPresent  they  had  hardly  done  anything:.  They  hardly  ew  any  of  the  institutions,  and  they  seemed  to  he  almost  1.,,,ant  of  the  services  and  permanent  'benefits  which  .  .I„e  ti  l  ,  , STYLE=superscript  ,  l  o  soon  re.  , STYLE=superscript  /lt  to  them  from  it.  He  knew  that  an  oh ohtutio  tutio- ohtutio  a  e  s  xlsted  in  the  minds  of  many  persons  to  the  insti instias  as instias  „o.  at  present  established,  because-they  argued  that  population  Part  the  cost  of  management  of  the  criminal  t  v  la  tt  :  e  atio  n  of  the  country,  the  expense  ought  to  be  borne  Rubs  .Pe,hlic  funds,  and  not  by  individual  and  private  t  h  m  at  t  e STYLE=superscript  el  Tr  t  i  n STYLE=superscript  n  ;  ;  There  was  no  use  blinking  the  fact,  that  igh  fairly  I  crt. STYLE=superscript  generally  prevailed,  but  he  thought  it  was  so  ill  snot  et  in  this  Way,  that  the  country  at  large  that  it  was  not  vet  on  the  general  nature  of  the  question,  by  sanctionine  the  iPmrePared  to  respond  to  thelegislature,  that  might  be  neePßSThposton  of  direct  taxes  to  . STYLE=superscript  the  extent  full  extent  to  which  it  o  gut  ing STYLE=superscript  to  er  out  the  object  to  the  to  have  e  v  id  ence  that  the  o  carried  out.  It  wanted  was  a  practi  ca  l  one,  that  the  leet  which  they  had  in  view  plated  were  r  esu  lt  s  which  mi  ierieltsults  which  they  contem contembwee'produced  bwee'produced contembwee'produced  1  .  33  7 STYLE=superscript  .  p  w  ro  o  p  u  e  l  i  Management,  and  if  those  result  s  then  agree  to  the  principle  that  the  castreouii  ought  b STYLE=superscript  it  pr STYLE=superscript  o  to  fall,  not  On  individuals  ,  but  on  the  country  at  large,  -  (Hear,  hear.)  He  quite  concurred  in  that  opinion,  and  believed  that  the  larg  funds  .  e  which  would  be  required  to  carry  out  the  ob objteeestva.a_  jteeestva.a_ objteeestva.a_ STYLE=superscript  it  ought  to  be'earried  out,  would  not  be  obtained  by  luul  ldual  subscriptions  even  in  this  benevolent  town  or  Country,  but  then  he  thought  the  present  institution  des  •  erved  support  as  means  to  assist  the  government  in  t STYLE=superscript  ryinß  the  experime  n  t.  (  Hear,  hear.)  An  act  of  parlia parlia!Aent  !Aent parlia!Aent  had  been  passed  by  which  the  government  under  00k  to  defray  a  certain  portion  of  the  expense,  and  what  ',Tel  , STYLE=superscript  now  had  to  do  was  t  o  go  to  the  public  and  ask  that  t STYLE=superscript  hey  should  assist  in  this  transition  state  in  making  the  experiment.  It  had  been  tried  in  other  places  and  had  Pr STYLE=superscript  oved  successnd,  and  he  thought  there  could  not,  be  a  it  '  r STYLE=superscript  ?nger  call  on  the  community  than  to  come  forward  and  b  8 STYLE=superscript  81 STYLE=superscript  st  the  government  in  Hertying  the  experiment  in  Liver-  Thi,°l,*  (Hear.  hear.)  was  certain  of  its  success,  and  at STYLE=superscript  When  the  efficiency  of  the  system  was  fully  proved  would  be  provided  from  public  sources  to  carry  it  n STYLE=superscript  •  (Hear,  hear.)  There  was  no  institution  which  was  2f  More  importance  or  demanded  greater  exertion  in  its  V.?h  e  alf,  and  he  trusted  that  the  public  of  Liverpool  would  t(i)no  tzlly  respond  to  the  enpeal  which  they  made  to  them  The  .t  day,  (Hear,  hear.)  r.  teiptlintion  was  unanimonsly  adopted.  which  John  4.f  Mansfield  moved  the  second  resolution,  with  cone  ern  ,  t  ' STYLE=superscript  l  l STYLE=superscript  l  ioW STYLE=superscript  s  That  this  association,  viewing  juvenile  criminars  continued  increase  in  the  number  of  discipline,  as  now  ,  and  believing  a  course  of  reformatory  locality  in  a  school  P STYLE=superscript  -fr  e STYLE=superscript  Z  t  r  i  .  to  be  carried  out  in  this  matories  as  funds  accumulVte  be.  succeeded  by  land  refor reforwith  with reforwith  those  who  otherwise  , STYLE=superscript  b  :  e  ,  is  the  best  mode  of  dealing  repeated  committals  to  n6B:flee  hardened  in  crime  by  public  to  supply  them  liberally  ssaritTies  f  tly  appeal  to  the  establish  and  carry  on  the  institutions  ap STYLE=superscript  p  ea STYLE=superscript  order  h  to  Mr.  Mansfield  said  it  was  f?r  t  is  f.  the  highest  gratification  to  him,  that,  Naftersoya  a  subject  o  fruit fruitless  less fruitless  many  efforts,  there  should  at  last  be,  something  realised.  They  had  ofa  shin,  and  so  .  relieved  themselves  from  the  necessityfaris  in  distant  1  sending  their  juvenile  criminals  to  e  town  should  ;  a  system  which  it  was  SO  diSCreditabie  to  th  it  had  done..  That  disgrae'es  i  t  l  t  a  yd.  have  lasted  so  long  as  i  b  l  eea  now  removed  by  the  measures  which  had  been  take  the  reformatory  system  Fhe  counter  importance  of  exaggerated.  The  riches  of  a  ,  could  hardly  be  Y  dirilenroo  consist  merely  in  its  agricultural  produce,  ;tor  did  i  t  marvellous  machines  in  the  ingentrity  of  its  people  and  those  which  had  been  multiplied  by  scientific  andlsmemweleecaahlntiFoasfl  skill'in  the  manufacturing  towns.  But  the  real  a  country  consisted  in  the  population  of  the  country  —in  a  well  ordered  and  moral  population,  who  would  be  useful  in  peace,  and  a  defence  in  the  times  of  war.  (Hear,  h  ear.)  It  was  said  by  one  w  h  o  k  new  h  uman  na  t  ure  b  etter  than  any  of  those  present  could  pretend  to  do,  that  ``  Young  children  were  as  arrows  in  the  hand  of  the  strong  and  that  happy  are  they  who  have  their  quiver  full  of  them,  and  they  shall  not  he  afraid,  but  speak  with  the  enemy  at  the  gat  e  Th  e  un  f  or  t  una  t  e  c  hild  ren  o  f  Whom  the  previous  speakers  had  spoken,  had  been  well  likened  I  y  the  recorder  of  Birmingham  to  the  Masterless  dogs  which  ran  about  the  streets  of  Constan ConstantieoPle.  tieoPle. ConstantieoPle. STYLE=superscript  C  ou  ld  th  ere  b  e  anyt  hi  ng  more  melancholy—more  deplorable?  It  was  to  guide  and  train  up  that  popula population.  tion. population. STYLE=superscript  so  that  they  might  become  an  honour  and  a  defence  to  their  country  that  the  work  was  directed  about  which  the STYLE=superscript  Y  were  now  engag  e  d.  It  w  as  th  e  i  r  o  bj  ect  to  gu  id  e  t STYLE=superscript  hem  aria  train  them  as  human  beings,  an  d  no  t  mere  ly  as  t STYLE=superscript  t,man  bei  ngs  ,  b  ut  as  C  hr  i  st  i  ans,  that  they  might  he  an  a( STYLE=superscript  lvantag  e  ,  a  defence,  and  a  glory  to  the  country.  These  Children  wereinstruments,  powerful  alike  for  good,  and  for  ev STYLE=superscript  il.  They  were,  as  he  had  said,  Arrows  in  the  hand  of  the  strong  B  u  t  if  t  h  ey  were  not  used  for  defence,  b  th STYLE=superscript  ey  would  be  come  a  torment,  a  misery,  and  an  atliction  t STYLE=superscript  he  country.  Th  ere  was  no  doubt  that  much  as  had  geil  done  hitherto  a  great  deal  more  remained  to  be  done.  'wile  steps  had  been  made.  and  he  thought  the  very  best  ducatior  ments,  they  would  be  aving.  by  the  effect  nstantl  !from  t  cost  of  the  administration"
