text
"GLASGOW  WINTER  CIRCUIT.  MunnEg.—Alexander  Anderson  was  charged  with  the  crime  of  murder,  in  having  on  the  evening  of  the  6 STYLE=superscript  th  of  October  last,  in  the  house  occupied  by  him  at  Burnbank,  Great  Eastern-road,  Glasgow,  wickedly  attacked  and  as assaulted  saulted assaulted  Mary  Kerr,  or  Anderson,  his  wife,  and  kicked,  or,  with  some  instrument,  struck  her  on  the  belly,  and  inflicted  a  severe  wound  to'  the  effusion  of  her  blood,  by  which  she  was  mortally  injured,  and  immediately  thereafter  died.  The  prisoner  pleaded  guilty  to  culpable  homicide,  which  plea  was  accepted  by  the  crown.  A.  S.  LoGeN,  Esq.,  then,  as  counsel  for  the  prisoner,  called  evidence  as  to  his  previous  good  character.  He  also  detailed  shortly  the  circumstances  of  the  whole  case,  stating  that  the  prisoner  and  his  wife  had  long  lived  together  on  the  best  of  terms  ;  that  an  imprudence  on  the  part  of  the  prisoner  a  few  years  ago  had  led  to  some  domestic  infelicity,  which  induced  the  quarrel  on  the  night  libelled,  and  which  led  to  his  accidentally,  in  a  momentary  fit  of  passion,  inflict inflicting  ing inflicting  the  injury  which  had  resulted  in  her  death.  She  had  been  the  mother  of  seven  surviving  children,  and  theprisoner  had  been  warmly  attached  to  his  wife,  and  most  bitterly  lamented  the  result  of  the  fatal  quarrel.  Hitherto  he  had  been  a  good,  unimpeachable  husband,  and  he  craved  the  leniency  of  the  court  in  all  the  circumstances.  The  prisoner  was  sentenced  to  nine  months'  imprisonment.  THE  LATE  ROBBERY  OF  JEWELLERY.—George  Jackson  was  then  placed  at  the  bar,  charged  with  the  crime  of  theft  by  means  of  housebreaking,  in  so  far  as,  on  the  night  of  Saturday,  the  Ist,  or  morning  of  Sunday,  the  2nd  of  October  last,  he,  with  one  or  more  accomplices,  did  wickedly  and  feloniously  break  in  the  shop  or  pre premises  mises premises  situated  in  Buchanan-street,  Glasgow,  occupied  by  Mr.  David  Crighton  Rait,  goldsmith  and  jeweller,  and  this  after  having  first  wickedly  and  feloniously  obtained  access  to  the  warehouse,  situate  immediately  above  the  aforesaid  shop,  occupied  by  Messrs.  Campbell  and  Company,  ware warehousemen,  housemen, warehousemen,  by  opening,  with  a  falsa  key,  a  gate  at  the  foot  of  a  stair  leading  up  to  the  said  warehouse  from  a  close  leading  from  Buchanan-street  to  Princes-square,  and  by  also  opening,  with  a  false  key,  another  door  affording  en entrance  trance entrance  from  said  stair  into  said  warehouse  :  and  having  thus  obtained  access  to  the  interior  of  the  said  vfarehonse,  then  and  there  forced  up  or  removed,  by  a  crowbar,  a  hearth.  stone  near  a  fire-place,  within  the  said  warehouse  ;  and  also,  by  means  of  a  brace  and  bit  and  saw,  cut  a  hole  or  opening  through  the  floor  of  the  said  warehouse,  and  through  the  roof  or  ceiling  of  the  aforesaid  shop  of  Mr.  Rait,  and  did  thereafter  descend  into  the  said  shop  through  the  hole  or  opening  by  means  of  a  rope  ladder,  and  thus  having  ob obtained  tained obtained  access  to  the  said  shop,  did  wic  kedlyl  and  feloniously  steal,  and  theftuously  take  away  a  large  quantity  of  jewel jewellery  lery jewellery  [enumerated,  and  forming.  48  items  in  the  indictment  :  and  estimated  in  value  at  about  £3000,]  the  property  of  the  said  Mr.  David  Crighton  Rait.  The  prisoner,  who  is  an  extremely  good-looking  young  man,  was  fashionably  attired,  and  took  his  seat  at  the  bar  with  a  cool  and  collected  air.  Upon  being  asked  to  plead  to  his  indictment,  he  replied,  in  an  English  accent,  and  with  a  respectful  bow  to  the  bench,  not  The  conclusion  of  the  trial  is  not  given.  EXTENSION  OF  TffE  SOUTH  WALES  RAILWAY  FROM  CAR3LARTHEN  TO  HAVERFORDWEST.  HAVERFORDWEST,  THURSDAY,  DEc.  29.—The  inaugura inauguration  tion inauguration  of  this  important  event  was  celebrated  by  a  public  breakfast,  given  by  Mr.  Walters,  the  mayor  of  the  borough,  to  the  directors  of  the  South  Wales,  Great  Western,  and  Vale  of  Neath  Railway  . STYLE=superscript  Companies  ;  the  directors  of  the  Eastern  Steam  Navagation  Company  ;  the  corporations  of  Haverfordwest,  Swansea,  Carmarthen,  Cardigan,  Pembroke,  and  Tenby  ;  the  members  for  the  town  and  county,  and  a  large  number  of  the  gentry  and  tradesmen  of  the  surround surrounding  ing surrounding  district.  The  festival  WIS  considered  a  general  holiday,  and  various  portions  of  the  town  were  gaily  decorated  with  banners  and  devices  appropriate  to  the  occasion.  This  new  portion  of  the  South  Wales  line,  running  west-  ward  from  Carmarthen  to  Milford  Haven,  is  31  miles  in  length,  and  reaches  to  within  7  or  8  miles  of  that  spacious  harbour,  and  it  is  confidently  anticipated  that  before  the  close  of  another  year  that  important  link  will  be  supplied,  and  then  the  metropolis  will  be  placed  in  direct  communica communication  tion communication  with  a  harhour  which,  from  the  nature  and  extent  of  its  accommodation,  presents  almost  unequalled  facilities  for  the  establishment  of  a  packet  station,  from  which  steamers  may  take.their  departure  at  all  times  for  every  quarter  of  the  globe.  MOST  IMPORTANT  -  ENGLAND  SUPPLYING"
