text
"THE  DEFICIENT  HARVEST  IN  FRANCE.  We  read  in  the  Mon  iteur,—  soon  as  the  insufficiency  of  the  last  harvest  became  known,  the  administration  of  the  city  of  Paris  occupied  itself  with  the  means  of  providing  for  the  exigencies  of  the  situa situation.  tion. situation.  Was  it  to  have  recourse  to  bread  tickets  as  in  1847,  and  on  previous  occasions  under  similar  circumstances  ?  In  1847  this  measure  cost  more  than  9,000,000  f.  to  the  city  of  Paris.  Without  counting  the  exnense,  the  adminis administration  tration administration  ascertained  that  grave  and  numerous  abuses  arose  from  the  difficulty  of  control  in  a  population  of  1,000,000.  Many  persons  whose  position  did  not  justify  them  in  having  recourse  to  the  munificence  of  the  city,  procured  tickets,  while  other  really  necessitous,  but  resrained  by  a  sentiment  easily  understood,  dared  not  ask  for  any.  The  fear  of  seeing  these  abuses  renewed  caused  the  municipal  adminis administration  tration administration  to  adopt  another  system.  The  price  of  bread  has  been  paid  at  a  rate  which  does  not  exceed  the  re,souces  of  the  labouring  classes  •  and,  as  all  will  be  called  on  to  compensate  gradually  the  advances  which  the  measure  renders  necessary,  it  has  been  extended  to  all  without  distinction,  so  that  no  person  has,  in  any  respect,  the  right  to  complain.  However,.  the  bakers  who  sell  bread  at  less  than  it  costs  them  must  be  indemnified  for  the  loss  they  sustain.  Hitherto,  the  municipal  treasury  alone  has  been  charged  with  that  ;  but  such  a  state  of  things  cannot  be  prolonged  without  inconvenience  to  the  finances  of  the  city,  and  to  the  services  in  view  of  which  they  have  been  calculated.  It  has  accord accordingly  ingly accordingly  been  found  necessary  either  to  provide  means  for  pay paying  ing paying  an  expense  which  could  not  enter  into  the  estimates  of  the  budget,  or  to  interrupt  the  great  works  which  the  city  has  so  wisely  undertaken  in  order  to  restore  manufactures,  arts,  commerce,  and  labour.  As  for  the  resources  of  the  State,  they  belong  to  all  France  ;  it  would  not  have  been  just  to  cause  all  to  contribute  to  the  exclusive  advantage  of  a  few.  To  avoid  this  difficulty,  the  municipal  administra administration  tion administration  has  had  recourse  to  a  system  of  compensation  which  satisfies  all  the  conditions  of  justice  and  economy.  It  is  to  regularise  this  system  that  the  Caisse  de  Service  de  la  Bou Boulangerie  langerie Boulangerie  has  been  instituted.  This  will  be  the  intermediary  between  the  bakers  and  the  town.  By  means  of  special  ac accounts,  counts, accounts,  it  will  pay  every  fortnight  to  the  bakers  of  Paris  the  difference  between  the  price  of  80c.,  the  present  rate  of  the  loaf  of  two  kilogrammes  ,  and  the  price  establi  s  h  e  d  b  y  the  market  lists.  At  a  later  period,  when  abundance  shall  have  returned,  the  Caisse  will  be  reimbursed  for  its  advances,  by  levying  on  the  public,  by  the  instrumentality  of  the  bakers,  a  slight  difference  between  the  selling  price  and  the  cost  price.  By  this  arrangement  not  only  will  the  bakers  be  exactly  and  immediately  paid  for  their  advances,  but  the  municipal  treasury  will  be  relieved  from  a  charge  which  weighed  exclusively  on  it.  Nor  are  those  the  sole  advantages  of  the  new  institution.  The  flour  which  the  bakers  were  obliged  to  have  in  deposit  in  the  stores  was,  so  to  speak,  an  unproductive  investment.  It  will  hence henceforth  forth henceforth  cease  to  be  the  basis  of  their  credit  at  the  Caisse,  arid,  consequently,  of  their  independence.  Certain  to  find  there,  at  moderate  rates,  the  money  which  they  require  for  their  business,  they  can  lower  the  price  of  bread  for  the  advan advantage  tage advantage  of  the  consumer.  On  the  other  hand,  while  leaving  to  each  baker  the  right  of  obtaining  his  supplies  as  he  pleases,  the  decree  obliges  him  to  declare  the  amount  and  the  price  of  his  purchases,  and  thereby  affords  the  authori authorities  ties authorities  new  means  of  assuring  themselves  of  the  sincerity  of  the  market  quotations.  Placed  under  the  surveillance  of  the  Prefect  of  the  Seine,  guranteed  by  the  city  of  Paris,  and  by  the  depots  of  flour,  of  which  the  value  amounts  to  several  millions,  the  Caisse  de  la  Boulangerie  will  easily  procure  the  sums  necessary  for  its  operations  ;  it  can  even,  at  a  later  period,  form  a  reserve  fund  destined  to  provide  for  necessities  similar  to  those  which  have  caused  it  to  be  established.  After  having  enjoyed  a  notable  reduction  in  the  price  of  bread,  the  population  cannot  complain  at  being  obliged  to  reimburse  the  advances  made  to  it,  by  paying  a  slight  addition  when  the  price  of  corn  shall  have  consider considerably  ably considerably  fallen.  Thus  limited,  this  measure,  which  is  both  practical  and  simple,  .provides  for  all  the  necessities  of  the  situation  ;  it  maintains  good  order  in  the  finances  of  the  city;  it  permits  it  to  continue  the  great  works  which,  with  the  resources  of  charity,  are  the  sole  •efficacious  relief  for  a  necessitous  population  in  difficult  times.  The  resolution  taken  by  the  municipal  administration  of  Paris  is,  then,  dictated  at  the  same  time  by  prudence  and  foresight.  Other  municipalities,  which  may  find  themselves  in  a  simi similar  lar similar  situation,  can  employ  the  same  system.  In  towns  in  which  the  population  is  less  dense,  and  in  w-hich  the  re resources  sources resources  of  each  person  are  more  easily  known,  bread  tickets  could,  without  causing  the  same  inconvenience  as  at  Paris,  be  employed.  The  government  can  only  applaud  all  the  measures  which  have  for  their  object  the  alleviation  of  suf suffering;  fering; suffering;  what  it  in  particular  desires  is,  to  behold  the  re resources  sources resources  of  employment  increasing,  because  that  is  the  most  efficient  means  of  preventing  distress.  Such  is  the  object  of  the  decrees  which  have  recently  accorded  4,000,000  f.  as  subventions  to  useful  works,  principally  in  the  rural  com communes.  munes. communes.  The  circumstances  which  we  R  7 STYLE=superscript  C:.73:::,,,&#34;'  Er'r^&#34;&#34;,  'are  diffletett,•but^they  ought  not  cause  any  &amp;ftfloss.  „ STYLE=superscript  If  prices  are  still  high,  the  a  sce  n  siona  l  movement  appears  to  bo  stopping.  The  severity  of  the  season  has  permitted  the  farmers  to  thrash  their  corn,  and  to  carry  it  to  market  ;  in  that  they  have  acted  wisely.  The  arrivals  from  foreign  countries  to  the  ports  of  our  two  seas  continue  with  abun abundance  dance abundance  and  regularity.  The  Afoniteur  of  Nov.  17th  announced  that  the  quantity  received  amounted  at  that  period  to  3,600,000  hectolitres  ;  at  present  they  exceed  6,200,000  hectolitres.  Iu  comparing  the  present  situation  with  th  e  crisis  of  1846-7,  the  following  results  are  arrived  at  :—To  the  end  of  January,  1847,  the  sliding  case  was  acted  on,  and,  in  consequence,  during  th  e  last  five  months  of  1846  only  2,380,946  hectolitres  of  foreign  corn  had  entered  ;  whereas  this  year  in  the  corresponding  .  five  months,  nearly  double  the  quantity  arrived.  The  arrivals  which  are  still  going  on  will  not  allow  any  return  t  o  th  e  elevated  prices  which  were  seen  in  February,  March,  April,  and  May  of  1847,  and  which  far  exceeded  those  of  the  present  day.  The  government  will  thus  reap  the  bexefit  of  its  active  fore foresight,  sight, foresight,  and  of  the  security  and  liberty  which  it  accords  to  commercial  THE  BELFAST  STEAM-SHIP  COMPANY  'VERSUS  28  - STYLE=superscript  B  CORK  STEAM  SHIP  COMPANY.  It  is  with  great  regret  we  learn  that  a  difference  has  arisen  between  these  two  respectable  and  enterprising  steam  companies.  The  contest  in  which  they  are  engaged  would  appear  to  have  resulted  from  the  aggressive  conduct  of  the  Cork  company,  and  it  is  desirable  that  the  facts  of  the  case  should  be  laid  before  the  public.  It  will  be  in  the  recollection  of  oar  readers  that,  in  the  early  part  of  last  year  the  defective  state  of  our  steam-carrying  trade  with  Liverpool  (at  that  time  in  the  hands  of  the  Cork  company  and  our  townsmen,  Messrs.  Lingtrys  and  C  0.,)  was  brought  under  the  consideration  of  our  chamber  of  commerce  by  Mr.  John  Mulholland.  That  'gentleman  contended  that  the  growing  importance  of  oar  town,  and  our  increasing  relations  with  Liverpool,  demanded  a  daily  sailing  from  either  port—that  the  companies  then  in  possession  of  the  line  were  unable  or  unwilling  to  provide  the  requisite  accommodation,  it  having  frequently  happened  ;  that  only  one  or  two  departures,  and  those  of  an  inferior  class  of  vessels,  had  taken  place  in  the  week  ;  and  he  strongly  urged  the  formation  of  a  local  com companv,  panv, companv,  of  adequate  capital,  to  provide  the  additional  ac accommodation  commodation accommodation  demanded  by  the  trade.  This  public  notice  subsequently  led  to  the  formation  of  the  Belfast  steam-ship  company,  consisting  of  upwards  of  one  hundred  and  twenty  of  the  most  wealthy  and  enterprising  of  the  merchants,  manufacturers,  linen  bleachers,  and  shopkeepers,  of  this  town  and  neighbourhood,  and  a  first-class  steamer  was  forthwith  contracted  for.  During  the  progress  of-  its  fur  -  mation,  Mr.  Pike,  the  managing  director  of  the  Cork  company,  obtained  an  interview  with  some  of  the  directors  of  the  new  company,  and  voluntarily  stated  that  he  consi considered  dered considered  the  Belfast  people  should  supply  additional  steam  accommodation  with  Liverpool,  if  they  considered  it  ne necessary  cessary necessary  ;  and  that  he  would  not  act  with  hostility  against  the  now  company  ;  but,  on  the  contrary,  would  carry  on  the  trade  in  an  amicable  spirit.  When  the  Belfast  com company's  pany's company's  new  steamer  , STYLE=superscript  Telegraph:  (confessedly  the  finest  and  fastest  channel  steamer  afloat)  took  up  her  station,  her  owners  adopted  the  scale  of  freights  and  passage-money  '  previously  charged  on  the  line.  The  railings  took  place  on  the  unoccupied  days  :of  the  week,  although  unfavourable  for  obtaining  a  fair  share  of  the  traffic  ;  and,  in  other  respects,  .the  new  company-  adopted  a  line-of  policy  which  showed  an  anxiety  to  reciprocate  the  friendly  feelings  professed  by  the  Cork  company.  For  a  few  months  all  went  on  har harmoniously  moniously harmoniously  and  satisfactorily;  when,  without  any  intimation  being  given  to  the  owners  of  the  Telegraph,  the  Cork  com company  pany company  suddenly  dropped  their  freights  and  passage-money  to  r  rates  of  a.ruinous  character.  Against  this  proceeding  the  owners  of  the  Telegraph  remonstrated,  at  the  same  time  as assuring  suring assuring  the  Cork  company  that  the  Belfast  people  did  not  want  exclusive  possession  of  the  line,  their  aim  being  to  fur furnish,  nish, furnish,  at  their  own  exp  ense  ,  the  additional  steam  accommo accommodation  dation accommodation  which  ,they  conceived  their  trade  required  ;  and  they  made  a  proposition  that  the  three  companies  should  agree  to  adopt  a  stale  of  moderate;  but  remunerative.  charges,  which  proposal  was  not  acceded  to.  •  Thin  amicable  proposition  was  formally  repeated  to  the  Cork  company,  with  an  intimation  that,  if'  declined,  the  Belfast  company  would  necessarily  be  compelled  in  self-defence  to  adopt  retaliatory  measures  on  one  or  more  of  the  steam  lines  occupied  by  their  rivals;  but  no  notice  was  •  taken  of  this  further  communication.  All  attempts  to  bring  about  a  satisfactory  arrangement  having  '  failed,  the  Belfast  company  have  considered  it  their  duty  to  purchase  the  fine  steamer  Sea  Nymph,  to  enable  them  to  carry  out  their  intentions  ;  and  the  Telegraph  is  advertised  to  sail  from  Liverpool  to  Cork,  on  Tuesday  next.  The  pur purchase  chase purchase  of  this  additional  steamer  so  promptly  entered  on  will,  perhaps,  convince  the  Cork  company  that  they  have  under underestimated  estimated underestimated  the  power  and  spirit  of  their  Belfast  rivals.—Nor rivals.—Northem  them rivals.—Northem  Whig.  WRECK  YESTERDAY.—A  schooner  capsised  on  West  Hoyle  Bank  yesterday  morning,  and  there  is  reason  to  sup suppose  pose suppose  all  hands  are  drowned."
