text
"DESTRUCTIVE  FIRE  IN  NEW  YORK.  THE  ESTABLISHMENT  OF  HARPER  AND  BROTHERS  IN  RUINS.-OVER  81,000,000  OF  PROPERTY  DESTROYED  The  enormous  printing,  stereotyping,  binding,  and  pub publishing  lishing publishing  establishment  of  Harper  and  Brothers,  which  has  been  for  many  years  one  of  the  most  magnificent  monuments  of  private  enterprise  which  our  city,  and  indeed  our  country,  could  boast,  was  entirely  destroyed  by  fire  on  Saturday  last,  and  now  lies  a  shapeless  mass  of  smouldering  ruins.  The  buildings  were  ten  in  number,  extending  through  the  entire  block  from  Cliff  to  Pearl-streets,  five  fronting  on  each.  For  the  last  few  months,  the  Cliff-street  entrances  have  been  closed,  the  principal  business  being  transacted  in  the  build buildings  ings buildings  on  Pearl-street,  fronting  on  Franklin-square.  These  buildings  were  five  stories  high,  and  all  new.  Having  suffered  from  a  fire  some  ten  years  since,  the  Harpers  had  taken  extraordinary  precautions  to  prevent  the  recurrence  of  such  a  calamity.  They  had  a  large  steam  boiler  in  the  cellar,  but,  with  this  exception,  no  fire  was  ever  allowed  to  be  used  about  the  building  in  any  form.  The  gas  lights  were  so  arranged  as  to  be  perfectly  safe.  All  the  buildings  were  heated  by  steam-pipes,  which  had  been  car carried,  ried, carried,  at  an  expense  of  over  $6,000,  into  every  part  of  them,  and  instead  of  the  charcoal  furnaces  generally  used  in  bind binding  ing binding  establishments,  for  heating  the  tools,  gas  burners  had  been  provided  to  take  their  place.  Under  these  circum circumstances,  stances, circumstances,  a  fire  was  impossible,  but  for  one  of  those  accidents  which  cannot  be  foreseen,  and  against  which,  therefore,  no  provision  can  be  made  It  is  necessary  to  clean  the  ink  rollers  used  in  the  Adams  presses  ;  and  this  can  only  be  done  effectually  by  employing  camphine.  In  order  to  render  the  use  of  this  pe-fectly  safe  a  small  room  had  been  provided  on  the  third  floor  of  the  lower  building  on  Pearl-street,  adjoining  the  press  room,  so  as  to  be  easy  of  access  from  it.  This  room  had  been  lined  with  zinc,  and  all  the  precautions  taken  which  seemed  necessary  to  insure  its  safety.  The  camphine  used  was  kept  in  shallow  iron  pans,  and  the  paper,  rags,  &amp;c.,  with  which  it  was  applied,  of  course,  were  scattered  about  the  room.  It  seems  that  a  plumber  was  employed  in  this  room  on  Satur Saturday,  day, Saturday,  to  make  some  repairs;  and  in  the  course  of  his  work  he  had  necasion  to  use  a  light.  He  lit  an  oil  lamp  and  threw  the  match  into  one  of  the  camphine  pans,  supposing  it  to  be  water.  It  blazed  up  instantly,—set  fire  to  the  paper,  rags,  &amp;c.,  with  which  it  was  surrounded,—burst  through  the  partitions,  and  almost  instantly  swept  with  tremendous  fury  through  the  entire  range  of  buildings.  This  occurred  at  a  quarter  to  one  o'clock,  and  in  less  than  two  hours  the  entire  establishment  was  in  ruins.  Some  twenty  minutes  elapsed  before  any  engines  brought  their  streams  of  water  to  bear  upon  the  flames,  and  then  the  conflagration  had  be become  come become  too  fierce  to  be  checked.  The  alarm  of  fire,  of  course,  created  the  greatest  con consternation  sternation consternation  among  the  operatives.  Those  in  the  greatest  peril  were  the  girls  in  the  folding  room,  in  the  story  above  the  one  on  which  the  fire  had  taken.  Most  of  them  rushed  to  the  stairway,  which  was  their  usual  place  of  egress,  and  escaped  without  difficulty.  Others  were  too  much  bewil bewildered  dered bewildered  to  avail  themselves  of  this,  until  it  was  too  late,  and  were  rescued  from  the  windows  by  the  firemen's  ladders.  Captain  Rosenquest,  the  foreman  of  the  bindery,  was  very  efficient  in  forcing  many  of  them  to  go  down  the  stairway,  and,  by  his  coolness  and  courage,  aided  in  saving  valuable  account  and  other  books.  Most  of  the  men  employed  in  the  pressroom  were  compelled  to  rush  out  for  their  lives,  being  unable  to  sieze  even  their  hats  and  coats.  All  the  presses  were  at  work,  but  not  one  of  them,  not  even  one  of  the  stereotype  plates  upon  them,  could  be  saved.  As  soon  as  the  alarm  was  given  Lin  the  business  office,  Colonel  John  Harper,  the  financial  partner,  took  $3,000  which  was  lying  in  his  desk,  called  the  bank  clerk,  gave  him  the  book  of  a  bank  where  he  knew  his  account  had  been  slightly  over overdrawn,  drawn, overdrawn,  and  sent  him  to  deposit  the  amount—fearing  lest  the  bank  officers  should  be  uneasy  after  the  fire.  He  then  went  to  the  head  of  the  stairs  leading  to  the  pressroom,--  and  seeing  the  hoplessness  of  attempting  to  save  anything— anythingdirected  directed anythingdirected  the  engineer  to  make  his  way  to  the  boiler  and  let  off  the  steam.  The  other  members  of  the  firm,  gathered  together  all  the  books  of  accounts,  subscriptions,  receipts,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c„  and  put  them  in  the  large  safe,  which  was  dragged  out  and  left  on  the  side  walk  'in  Pearl-street,  where  it  still  remains.  The  desks,  with  their  contents,  ware  also  saved.  During  all  this  time,  the  bells  of  the  city  had  been  ringing  the  alarm  for  the  seventh  district,  and  engines,  hose  carts,  hook-and-ladder  carts,  &amp;c.,  had  gathered  in  great  numbers.  Vast  volumes  of  flame  poured  out  from  both  fronts,  and  overtopped  the  lofty  buildings;  and  a  black  column  of  smoke  rose  heavily,  but  rapidly,  from  the  centre  of  the  block.  The  engine  companies  poured  streams  of  water  upon  the  flames,  upon  either  side,  but  with  no  apparent  effect,  and  their  at attention  tention attention  was  soon  turned  to  the  task  of  saving  the  adjoining  buildings.  The  police  were  present  in  large  force,  under  the  immediate  direction  of  the  chief,  and  were  efficient  in  preserving  order,  and  in  facilitating  the  operations  of  the  firemen.  Not  less  than  twenty  thousand  people  had  ga gathered  thered gathered  as  spectators—filling  Franklin-square  and  all  the  adjoining  streets,  and  gazing  with  astonishment  upon  the  impressive  spectacle.  The  proprietors  of  the  establishment,  having  done  all  they  could  to  secure  the  safety  of  the  persons  in  the  building,  and  seeing  the  hopelessness  of  any  effort  to  save  the  property,  took  up  their  stand  in  Firth  and  Hall's  music  establishment,  from  ,which  they  had  a  view  of  the  blaze,  which  was  sweeping  away,  in  a  single  hour,  the  fruits  of  their  labor  and  enterprise  for  thirty  years.  By  4  o'clock,  the  walls  of  all  the  buildings  had  fallen  down—the  vast  stores  of  books  and  other  property  had  been  consumed—and  immense  heaps  of  brick  and  mortar,  over  which  the  flames  and  smoke  continued  to  hover  as  if  with  grim  and  but  half-satiated  fury,  were  all  that  remained  of  this  great  and  renowned  establishment.  The  amount  of  property  destroyed  by  this  conflagration  is  very  heavy—larger,  prolpably,  than  any  single  establish establishment  ment establishment  in  this  city  has  ever  before  been  called  to  sustain—and  larger,  it  is  not  improper  to  add,  than  many  others  could  sustain.  The  Harpers,  as  an  invariable  rule,  stereotype  every  book  they  publish,  being  able  thus  to  work  off  new  editions  as  they  may  be  required.  These  plates,  therefore,  are  invaluable,  as  enabling  them  to  .  resume  business  as  soon  as  presses  and  other  required  facilities  can  be  obtained.  It  is  believed  that  they  are  all  saved.  The  whole  of  the  property  in  the  buildings  of  the  Harpers  was  estimated  at  $1,655,000,  of  which  about  $450,000  value  was  saved,  the  loss  being  thus  not  less  than  $1,205,000.  Upon  this  immense  amount  the  insurance  was  not  over  $250,060;  so  that  the  nett  loss  to  the  Harpers  will  not  be  much  short  of  a  million  of  dollars.  The  insurance  was  effected  in  a  great  number  of  companies,  only  one  company  having  over  $5,000.  That  one  is  an  English  company,  which  has  an  agency  in  Boston.  Enormous  as  is  the  loss  they  have  sustained,  and  over overwhelming  whelming overwhelming  as  it  would  seem  to  be,  the  fire  had  not  completed  its  ravages  before  the  Harpers  had  taken  measures  to  repair  them.  We  understand  that  the  amount  of  their  insurance  is  far  more  than  enough  to  discharge  all  their  indebted indebtedness,  ness, indebtedness,  while  they  have  very  heavy  outstanding  accounts,  and  private  resources  more  than  adequate  to  replace  the  establishment  in  the  position  it  held  on  Saturday  morning  last.  Probably  there  is  not  another  firm  in  the  United  States  which  combines  within  itself  more  business  energy,  enter  -  prise,  and  efficiency,  than  of  these  four  brothers  ;  and  severe  as  is  the  disaster,  which  has  fallen  upon  them,  the  lapse  of  a  year,  we  are  confident,  will  see  them  again  in  the  full  tide  of  an  enormous  business.  The  magazine  will,  of  course,  receive  their  first  attention.  The  enormous  edition  which  they  print,—over  135,000  copies,—renders  it  necessary,  as  a  matter  of  course,  that  it  should  be  put  to  press  a  month  in  advance.  The  magazine,  which  for  the  last  year  or  two  has  consider considerably  ably considerably  interfered  with  the  other  publications  of  the  Harpers,  will,  of  course,  suffer  a  temporary  interruption.  The  Janu January  ary January  number  of  this  periodical,  which  has  a  circulation  of  136,000  copies,  was  nearly  ready  for  the  public  when  the  fire  took  place.  Nothing,  not  even  a  line  of  copy,  remains  of  it,  and  the  whole  will  have  be  done  over,  but  a  delay  of  a  few  days  only  is  expected  in  its  issue.  Among  many  new  books  which  were  consumed  is  Dr.  Kane's  History  of  his  Arctic  Explorations,—a  large  octavo,  profusely  illustrated  with  engravings.  The  establishment  of  the  Harpers  was  founded  by  James  Harper,  the  eldest  of  the  four  brothers  who  now  constitute  the  firm.  He  came  to  the  city  in  1810,  a  lad  fifteen  years  old,  and  served  an  apprenticeship  of  six  years  to  Paul  and  Thomas,  the  leading  printers  of  that  day.  His  brother  John  soon  followed  him,  and  learned  the  trade  of  M  r  .  S  e  y  mo  u  r  ,  a  printer,  in  John-street.  In  1817,  with  the  small  capital  James  had  saved,  the  brothers  opened  a  small  book  and  job joboffice  office joboffice  in  Dover-street.  The  first  book  they  printed  was  Sene Seneca's  ca's Seneca's  Morals  ;—the  second  was  an  edition  of  the  Methodist  Catechism.  The  first  book  they  published  on  their  own  ac account  count account  was  Locke's  Essay  on  the  Human  Understanding.  They  toiled  with  unremitting  industry,  and  maintained  the  highest  character  for  enterprise  and  integrity.  In  1820  the  third  brother,  Joseph  Wesley,  joined  them,  and  six  years  later  Fletcher  became  a  member  of  the  firm.  From  that  time  until  now  they  have  carried  on  the  publishing  business  with  a  degree  of  well-directed  energy,  which  has  few  parallels.  They  removed  to  Cliff-street  about  1820,  and  have  added  one  building  after  another  to  their  establishment  as  the  demands  of  their  business  required.  The  amount  of  books  they  have  issued  is  almost  incalculable.  For  the  last  few  years  they  have  published,  on  an  average,  twenty-five  volumes  a  minute  for  ten  hours  a  day;  and  from  three  to  four  thousand  persons  have  obtained  a  livelihood  from  their  employment.  From  the  Messrs.  Harpers'  premises  the  fire  extended  to  many  others  in  Cliff-street,  and  the  consequence  was  the  destruction  of  property  to  the  extent  of  one  million  and  a  half  of  dollars,  and  the  burning  of  fifteen  houses.  The  New  York  Times  of  the  12th  recounts  four  other  fires  in  different  quarters.  The  only  person  seriously  injured  'was  Ellen  Totten,  one  of  the  girls  in  the  employment  of  the  Harpers.  She  jumped  from  a  two-story  window,  and  was  caught  in  the  arms  of  Mr.  G.  C.  Hebbard.  The  fall,  however,  produced  a  dis dislocation  location dislocation  of  the  hip  and  internal  injuries,  which,  it  is  hoped,  will  not  be  fatal.  We  understand  that  the  heavy  losses  of  the  Messrs.  Har Harpers  pers Harpers  will  not  prevent  them  from  resuming  their  business  immediately  and  prosecuting  it  with  characteristic  vigor,  i.e.,  provided  the  insurance  offices  are  as  prompt  and  ener energetic  getic energetic  in  thtir  movements,  which  we  have  no  doubt  they  will  be.  There  are  so  many  laboring  people  dependent  upon  the  enterprise  of  these  gentlemen,  that  it  becomes  a  matter  of  great  moment  for  them  to  resume  their  works  as  speedily  as  possible.  We  hope  to  see  them  in  fall  operation  ih  a  few  days."
