text
"POLICE  COURT.  YESTERDAY,  Docx  ROBBERIES.—  Thomas  Joyce,  and  John  Denning,  two  of  the  juvenile  plunderers  who  infest  the  docks,  were  brought  up  charged  with  having  in  their  possession  a  num number  ber number  of  articles  of  wearing  apparel,  for  which  they  could  not  account.  Their  mothers  came  forward,  and  the  magistrates  gave  them  into  the  charge  of  the  women,  begging  that  they  would  keep  them  out  of  the  streets.—  William  Harrison,  hav having  ing having  the  appearance  of  adecentlabourer,  was  charged  withhav withhaving,  ing, withhaving,  on  Monday,  in  the  Bromley  Moor  dock,  21  lb.  of  rope  concealed  in  a  bag  of  hay.  He  was  charged  in  June  last  with  a  similar  offence,  but  not  convicted.  He  was  now  sentenced  to  fourteen  days  imprisonment  —.Mary  Harrison  was  charged  by  officer  777,  with  selling  to  a  broker  named  Luke  Regan,  of  Chissenhale-street,  a  quantity  of  wearing  apparel,  which  had  been  stolen  from  a  sailor  belonging  to  the  Hadscott,  in  Stanley  dock;  she  was  not  known  to  the  police,  and  got  the  benefit  of  the  doubt.  —Bridget  Kerr  ,  an  old  Irishwoman,,  was,  on  Monday,  caught  under  the  keel  of  a  vessel,  in.  Clarence  dock,  with  copper  in  her  possession.  She  was'  very  drunk.  The  magistrates  discharged  her,  as  she  was  not  known  to  the  police  ;  but  cautioned  her  against  tippling  and  pilfering.  1011Eir  e  S  r  B  u  T  SERVANT  GIRLS—EIIen  Backe  was  charged  no.  111.1.1  -  niture  brokers,  5  Stanley-street.  Mrs.  Stretch  said  that  she  had  put  twelve  sovereigns  in  a  bag  into  a  wardrobe  on  Mon Monday.  day. Monday.  She  went  out  on  that  evening,  leaving  the  prisoner  in  the  house.  On  her  return  she  fouid  four  of  the  sovereigns  gone.  The  master  proved  that  no  person  had  entered  the  house  daring  his  wife's  absence,  but  that  the  prisoner  went  out  ostensibly  to  go  to  the  bakehouse  with  bread,  though  witness  told  her  she  was  an  hour  too  early.  The  money  was  not  found,  and  Roche  was  remanded  to  this  day.—Ellen  Blaekledge  was  charged  by  her  master,  Mr.  Richard.  Shaw,  of  Elsmere-terrace,  with  having,.  yesterday,  stolen  2s.  6d.,  his  money.  He  deposed  that  having  suspicion  of  her,  he  had  marked  one  pound  m  silver,  which  he  put  into  his  cash  box,  and  soon  afterwards  missed  half  a  crown.  He  then  called  an  officer,  and  the  prisoner  dropped  two  of  the  marked  shil shillings,  lings, shillings,  and  afterwards  gave  a  marked  sixpence  to  the  officer.  The  prisoner  in  her  defence  said  that  her  mistress  had  given  her  this  money  on  Saturday,  but  prosecutor  swore  he  did  not  mark  it  till  Monday.  The  prisoner  was  committed  for  trial  at  the  Quarter  Sessions.  THE  HISTORY  OF  AN  OYSTER  BED  CURIOUS  CASE:  Officer  589  charged  Hugh  Thomas  with  having  in  his  possession  on  Monday  last,  in  Liverpool,  thirteen  pecks  of  oysters,  stolen  from  the  beds  of  Messrs.  D.  and  J.  Russell,  of  Bangor.  One  of  these  gentlemen  appeared,  and  said  that  he  had  received  a  telegraphic  message  from  his  brother,  intimating  to  him  the  loss  of  these  oysters.  He  found  the  prisoner  in  the  act  of  unloading  them  here,  and  identified  the  oysters  .by  a  private  mark  upon  some  of  them.  The  oyster  beds  owned  by  himself  and  brother  were  artificial  beds,  supplied  by  oysters  bought  in  Ireland.  They  drilled  a  certain  private  mark  into  one  oyster,  in  about  every  hundred,  which  they  laid  down.  Their  beds  were  in  the  Menai  Straits.  The  value  of  the  oysters  stolen,  was  £6  He  further  stated  that  there  existed  a  conspiracy  to  put  down  their  beds,  which  were  supposed  to  injure  the  old  system  of  drudgery--that  riots  had  taken  place  on  the  subject,  and  thirty  men  charged  with  conspiracy  were  to  be  brought  this  day  'before  the  magistrates  at  Bangor.  The  magistrates  said  they  had  no  jurisdiction  in  the  matter,  but  as  they  thought  the  prisoner  seemed  a  decent  man,  they  would  advise  him  to  appear  before  the  magistrates  at  Bangor,  and  clear  himself  of  the  charge  of  conspiracy  and  receiving  stolen  property.  The  prisoner  expressed  his  perfect  willingness  to  do  so.  The  prosecutor  offering  to  pay  the  exp6nces  of  an  officer,  Mr.  Clough  directed  one  to  go  with  the  parties  to  Wales,  yesterday.  SHOP  LIFTING,—EIIen  Dagnall  and  Margaret  Mansfield,  were  charged  with  having,  on  Monday  night,  stolen  and  secreted  a  victorine  in  the  shop  of  Messrs.  Steward  and  Raw Rawthorne,  thorne, Rawthorne,  Ranelagh-strect.  The  magistrates,  in  consideration  of  their  former  unblemished  character,  gave  them  the  bene benefit  fit benefit  of  the  doubt  that  they  did  not  take  the  article  from  the  shop,  and  discharged  them.  _  CHARGE  OF  Su  BREAKING—Hugh  McGrady  and  John  McGrady  were  remanded,  charged  with  being  of  the  party  who,  on  Sunday  night  broke  into  the  shop  of  Mr,  Henry  Mainwaring,  in  Harding-street.  MONTAGES  AND  CAPULETS.--ASSAELT  CASE.—Mary  Ann  Mc  Knight,  a  pretty  soft-looking  girl,  charged  Mr.  Edward  Ellis  with  an  assault.  There  was  a  cross  case  in  which  Margaret  Ryan  charged  Maria  Cooke  with  a  similar  impro impropriety.  priety. impropriety.  Me  Knight  was  servant  to  Mr.  Bettely,  who  keeps  a  public  house  in  Paddington,  and  Ryan  was  ths  retainer  of  a  rival  house  kept  by  Mr.  ElHi  which  raised  its  defiant  front  in  that  often  dangerous  neighbourhood,  the  other  side  of  the  Miss  Cooke,  the  defendant  in  the  cross  case,  was  a  relative  and  Bar-maid  to  Mr.  Bettely.  On  the  Bth  of  Octo October,  ber, October,  unfriendly  diplomatic  relations  had  taken  place  between  the  contending  parties.  The  ostensible  cams  belli  was  a  volume  of  The  Family  which  in  this  case  proved  to  be  but  a  bad  friend  to  either  of  the  families,  who  for  some  time  past  had  entertained  very  unfriendly  feelings  towards  each  other,  one  of  them  absolutely  announcing  by  placard  that  it  had  no  connection  with  the  house  over  the  On  the  day  in  question,_  Margaret  Ryan  was  accredit accredited  ed accredited  authority  to  go  to  M.  Battely's  house,  and  ask,  on  the  part  'of  Mr.  Ellis,  for  the  Friend;  she  was  answered  by  Miss  Cooke  '  who  not  only  said  that  they  had  no  such  in  their  family,  but  also  evinced  a  most  un unfriendly  friendly unfriendly  spirit  by  saying  they  wished  to  have  nothing  what whatever  ever whatever  to  say  to  the  messenger—her  master,  or  his  family.  Mr.  Ellis  then  proceeded  in  his  proper  person,  and  accom accompanied  panied accompanied  by  to  demand  the  cause  of  this  alleged  piece  of  impertinence,  and  finally  a  general  melee  took  place  in  Mr.  Battely's  establisment,  during  which  Mr.  Ellis  broke  a  picture,  and  drew  blood  from  the  nasal  organ  of  Miss  Mc.  Knight,  whilst  Miss  Cooke  gave  Miss  Ryan  such  severe  contusions  in  the  side  as  brought  on  what  a  medical  man  described,  on  oath  as  severe  Bronchitis.  The  Magistrates  seemed  to  attach  the  principal  blame  to  Mr.  Ellis,  and  accordingly  fined  hint  10s.  and  costs  for  the  assault  on  Miss  Mc  Knight,  and  dismissed  the  other  case.  STEALING  GlN.—lffichael  Degmum  was  remanded,  charged  with  helping  himself  to  a  tumbler  of  gin  in  the  vaults  of  Mr.  Fryer,  in  Nova  Scotia.  He  had  come  in  with  another  boy,  and  called  for  two  glasses  of  ale,  and  was  detected  by  Mrs.  Fryer  in  the  act  of  helping  himself  from  the  tap.  She  arrested  him  and  held  him  until  an  officer  could  be  pro procured;  cured; procured;  CHEAP  PRAYER  Booxs  !—Patrick  Curran,  an-'-Trish  boy,  was  convicted  and  sentenced  to  three  months'  imprisonment  for  stealing  three  prayer  books  from  the  shop  of  111  r,  Hey"
