text
"victorious..  It  - STYLE=superscript  appears  that  Selim  Pacha,  the  Turkish  Commander-in  chief  at  Batum,  hearing  that  the  Russians  were  erecting  fortifications  at  the  other  side  of  the  Tchuruksuju,  sent  a  detachment  of  troops  to  reconnoitre.  The  Russians,  on  this,  attacked  the  Turks,  and  a  skirmish  ensued.  On  this  news  reac,hing  Selim  Paella,  he  advanced  with  a  portion  of  the  army  of  Batum,  forcing  his  pas passage  sage passage  across  the  Tchuruksuju  (a  border  riveo,  attacking  the  Russians,  and  driving  them  back  successfully.  Selim  Paella,  is  stated  to  have  pushed  on  in  the  direction  of  Sukjedi  on  one  side,  and  Oreli  on  the  other.  This  move  leads  to  the  belief  that  he  purposes  joining  the  great  army,  which  stands  under  the  orders  of  Abdi  Pacha,  and  is  stationed  near  The  Breslau  Journal  contains  intelligence  from  Constantinople,  according  to  which  a  body  of  twenty  thousand  Russians,  on  their  march  from  Daghestan  to  the  Turkish  frontier  (?),  were  sud suddenly  denly suddenly  attacked  in  the  gorges  of  Zakorwly  by  thirty  thousand  mountaineers,  and  completely  The  intelligence  conveyed  to  this  journal  from  the  East  must  be  received  with  all  due  caution.  Other  journals  assert,  upon  authority  of  letters  from  Bos Bosnia,  nia, Bosnia,  that  great  fermentation  exists  in  Montenegro,  and  that  the  prince,  who  Was  recently  rescued  from  well-merited  chastisement,  is  no  Way  disposed  to  favour  an  outbreak,  so  as  to,  produce  a  diversion  in  the  rear  of  the  Turkish  army,  in  case  serious  hos hostilities  tilities hostilities  should  ensue.  Other  letters  from  Constantinople  of  the  27th  ult.,  by  the  Tabor,  state  that  the  greater  portion  of  the  French  fleet  were  anchored  at  Lampsaki,  oppo opposite  site opposite  to  Gallipoli.  The  combined  fleet  would  occupy  three  different  points.  One  opposite  the  Darda Dardanelles,  nelles, Dardanelles,  the  second  at  Gallipoli,  and  the  third  at  Beicos,  in  the  Bosphorus,  opposite  therapia.  The  Paris  correspondent  of  the  Times  says—ln  the  accounts  received  from  Constantinople  and  elsewhere,  the  hope  is  still  expressed  that  means  will,  after  all,  be'  found  of  arriving  at  a  peaceftil  solution  of  the  quarrel  ;  but  it  is  right  to  add,  that  these  hopes  are  not  expresSed  with  much  warmth,  and  that  they  are  but  slightly  participated  in  by  people  here.  It  has  been  asserted  in  a  quarter  which  is  often  semi  officially  informed,  that  the  time  for  notes  and  projects  of  arrangement  is  rapidly  slipping  away,  and  that  the  Emperor  Louis  Napoleon,  tired  and  baffled  in  his  repeated  attempts,  in  conjunction  with  England,  has  made  up  his  mind  to  a  more  determined  policy  from  this  moment  forward  ;  certain  as  he  appears  to  be  that  England  is  with  him.  The  suspicions,  un unfounded,  founded, unfounded,  as  no  doubt  they  are,  that  attempts  were  recently  made  to  wean  England  from  a  common  action,  should  that  action  assume  a  less  forbearing  character,  have  been  dissipated,  and  the  Emperor,  notwithstanding  his  habitual  reserve,  is  said  to  have,  within  the  last  few  days,  expressed  his  thoUghts  very  frankly.  The  Constantinople  letter  of  the  Journal  des  Debats,  dated  26th  October,  which  arrived  at  Mart  seilles  by  the  Thabor,  contains  a  copy  of  the  note  transmitted  to  the  Porte  on  the  20th  October,  by  M.  de  Bruck,  the  Austrian  Internuncio.  The  fol folloWing  loWing folloWing  is  the  note  :--  CONFIDENTIAL  PROJECT  unanimously  advising  the  Sublime  Porte  to  adopt  the  project  of  notes  agreed  to  at  Vienna,  the  Courts  of  Austria,  France,  England,  and  Prussia,  are  penetrated  with  the  conviction  that  this  document  does  not  in  any  .way  violate  the  sovereign  rights  and  the  dignity  of  his  Majesty  the  Sultan.  This  conviction  is  founded  on  the  positive  assurances  that  the  Cabinet  of  St.  Petersburg  has  given,  with  respect  to  the  intentions  which  animate  his  Majesty,  the  Emperor  of  Russia  in  demanding  a  general  guarantee  of  the  reli religious  gious religious  immunities  accorded  by  the  Sultan  to  the  Greek  Church  in  his  Empire.  follows  from  these  assurances  that  in  demanding,  in  virtue  of  the  principle  laid  down  in  the  Treaty  of  Kainardji,  that  the  Greek  worship  and  clergy  should  continue  to  enjoy  their  spiritual  privileges  under  the  cegis  of  their  Sovereign,  the  Emperor  demands  nothing  contrary  to  the  independence  and  the  rights  of  the  Sultan,  nothing  which  implies  an  in intention  tention intention  of  intermeddling  in  the  interior  affairs  of  the  Otto Ottoman  man Ottoman  Empire.  the  Emperor  of  Russia  wishes  is,  the  strict  maintenance  of  the  religious  statu  quo  of  his  worship— worshipto  to worshipto  wit,  an  entire  equality  of  rights  and  immunities  between  the  Greek  Church  and  the  other  Christian  communities  subject  to  the  Porte,  and  consequently  the  enjoyment  in  favour  of  the  Greek  Church  . STYLE=superscript  of  the  advantages  accorded  to  these  communities.  He  does  not  mean  to  resuscitate  the  privileges  of  the  Greek  Church  which  have  fallen  into  desue desuetude  tude desuetude  by  the  effect  of  time  or  of  administrative  changes,  but  he  deniands  that  the  Sultan  should  make  it  participate  in  all  the  advantages  which  he  will  accord  hereafter  to  other  Christian  rites.  .  Imperial  Cabinet  of  Austria  wishes,  consequently,  not  to  dcubt  that  the  Sublime  Porte,  in  contemplating  once  more,  with  all  the  serious  attention  that  the  gravity  of  the  'situation  requires,  the  explanation  given  by  Russia,  with  the  object  of  stating  precisely  the  nature  and  extent  of  her  demands,  will  decide  on  the  pure  and  simple  adoption  of  the  Vienna  Note.  That  adoption,  while  ensuring  to  the  Ottoman  govern government  ment government  a  new  title  to  the  sympathy  and  the  support  of  the  Powers  which  have  advised  it  _to  take  the  step,  offers  ..  to  it  at  the  same  time  a  means  equally  prompt  and  lio'nourable  to  operate  its  frank  reconciliation  with  the  Russian  empire—a_  reconciliation  which  so  many  all-important  interests  so  im imperatively  peratively imperatively  The  correspondent  adds  This  note  was  the  result  of  the  conference  of  Olmutz,  which  appeared  at  the  moment  to  be  ignorant  of  the  decla declaration  ration declaration  of  war  by  Turkey.  Immediately  after  M.  de  Bruck,  Colonel  Wildenbruck  arrived  from  Prussia  with  a  project,  which  was  only  a  copy  of  the  Austrian  project.  M.  de  Bruck  did  not  insist  much,  but  the  Prussian  came  several  times  back  to  the  charge.  He  did  not  succeed  better.  The  Porte  is  quite  decided  on  war.  Redschid  Pacha  declares  loudly,  and  has  repeated  this  morning,  in  my  presence,  that  the  Turks  were  determined  to  perish  rather  than  ever  to  accept  the  Vienna  Note.  In  their  eyes  this  new  project  of  note  presented  to  them  as  a  guarantee  from  Europe,  is  not  better  than  the  note  of  the  conference,  and  they  have  rejected  it  without  even  discussing  it.  At  bottom,  those  among  them  who  know  a  little  of  European  politics,  appear  to  be  persuaded  that  Europe  will  not  allow  them  to  perish,  that  morally  they  will  gain  something  by  attempting  the  way  of  arms,  even  if  they  should`  . STYLE=superscript  .be  beaten  ;  and  that,  finally,  Europe  is  too  deeply  interested  in  preventing  war,  not  to  exert  itself  to  force  the  Emperor  of  Russia  to  yield  his  pretensions,  since  they  themselves  have  gone  to  the  utmost  limit  possible  in  the  way  of  concession  ;  and  that  they  have  made  up  their  minds  to  die  with  arms  in  their  hands  rather  than  make  fur further  ther further  concessions.  The  Turks  have,  therefore,  absolutely  re rejected  jected rejected  this  new  i  project.  To  the  reasons  which  have  deter determined  mined determined  them  t  must  be  added  that,  at  the  same  time  that  this  project  was  submitted  to  them  in  the  name  of  the  Four  Powers,  there  arrived  also  from  France  and  England  the  answer—the  contre  coup  of  the  note  —  by  which  Count  Nesselrode  explained  his  manner  of  un understanding  derstanding understanding  the  Vienna  note.  That  answer,  that  contre  coup  was  the  advice  given  to  the  Porte  by  the  two  Western  Powers  not  to  accept  the  Vienna  note,  accom accompanied  panied accompanied  by  clear  and  frank  promises  of  support  and  assist assistance.  ance. assistance.  The  Turks  have  therefore  deemed  themselves  entitled  to  consider  these  new  propositions  as  non  avenus,  and  the  answer  to  these  new  overtures  is  the  entry  of  the  fleets.  They  have  several  days  since  passed  the  Dardanelles,  but  they  have  not  yet  appeared  before  Constantinople.  While  the  propositions  of  Prussia  and  Austria  were  re rejected,  jected, rejected,  the  Turks  listened  to  England  and  France,  and  it  was  on  their  demand  that  the  orders  were  sent  to  the  army  of  the  Danube  and  of  Asia  to  stop  a  little  before  commenc commencing  ing commencing  hostilities  ;  nevertheless,  the  new  delay  fixed  on  is  very"
