text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  officers,  and  12  sailors  killed,  and  about  50  wounded.  They  pretended  to  have  set  fire  to  the  fortress  of  the  Russian  belligerants,  then,  have  changed  their  military  tactics  Instead  of  sustaining  the  Protectorate  of  the  Principalities  (such  being  their  intention,  judging  from  COUNT  GORTSCHAKOFF'S  note),  they  have  thought  proper  to  try  a  further  manceuvre,  and  force  the  passage  of  the  Danube  The  result,  for  them,  has  proved  disastrous,  and  may  be  regarded  as  a  token  of  final  and  complete  discomfiture  Already,  disease  is  creating  fearful  havoc  amongst  the  Russian  troops.  They  are  daily  becoming  decimated;  and  this  circumstance,  it  is  said,  being  known  to  03IER  PAM'  A,  has  induced  him  to  seize  an  early  opportunity  for  attack.  No  doubt  every  despatch  that  arrives  will  brin  g  us  very  important  intelligence,  and  -quite  of  an  opposite  character  to  that  which  we  have  been  in  the  habit  of  receiving.  That  the  hostile  Powers  will  come  to  a  pitched  battle,  seems  almost  ine-  vitable,  since  the  preliminary  conflict  has  been  engaged  in.  We  are  gratified  to  find,  that  the  combined  fleets  of  England  and  France  not  only  purpose  to  remain  quiescent  in  the  Black  Sea,  but  are  determined  to  render  effective  assistance,  to  that  PoWer  which,  by  treaty,  they  are  bound  to  protect  THE  period  is  fast  approaching  when  Mr.  SAMUEL  HOLME  will  retire  from  the  high  position  of  Chief  Magistrate  of  this  important  town.  The  duties  of  the  Mayorial  office  have  seldom  been  more  effi efficiently  ciently efficiently  performed  than  during  the  past  twelve  months,  and  if  there  has  been  a  dash  of  ostentation  in  all  the  proceedings  of  the  present  Mayor,  a  marked  predilection  to  entertain  distinguished  still  Mr.  HOLME  will  descend  from  the  civic  chair  respected  and  esteemed  by  his  fellow fellowcitizens,  citizens, fellowcitizens,  whose  interests  and  welfare  it  has  been  his  highest  ambition  to  forward  and  promote.  The  question  then  arises  who  is  to  be  Mr.  HOLME'S  successor?  It  is  confidently  stated  that  Mr.  JOHN  BUCK  LLOYD  is  to  be  Mayor  of  Liverpool  for  the  ensuing  year,  and  there  can  be  no  doubt  of  the  . STYLE=superscript  fact.  Mr.  LLOYD  is  a  gentleman  of  cultivated  mind,  refined  taste,  high  position,  and  quite  com competent  petent competent  to  discharge  the  duties  incident  to  the  office  of  Mayor  with  credit  to  himself,  and  advantage  to  the  public  of  Liverpool.  But  are  there  no  other  gentlemen  who  have  prior  claims  to  Mr.  LLOYD?  Yes  ;  we  may  mention,  for  instance,  Mr.  GEORGE  HOLT,  a  gentleman  equally  distinguished  for  his'  public  services  and  private  worth.  Few  men  are  more  interested  in  the  prosperity  of  Liverpool,  and  if  individual  worth  can  add  dignity  even  to  a  high  official  position,  the  civic  office  was  never  more  exalted  than  if  filled  by  Mr.  HOLT.  But  the  spirit  of  party  interferes  to  prevent  this,  and  the  ipse  dixit  of  a  dominant  clique  elevates  a  useful  partisan  in  preference  to  a  tried  and  useful  public  man.  Mr.  LLOYD  has  been  named  for  the  office  more  than  once  during  the  past  few  years  ;  but  the  claims  of  others  were  more  fully  recognised,  even  by  his  own  party,  and  he  was  passed  over.  But  an  altered  state  of  circumstances  has  arisen  since  last  Novem November.  ber. November.  A  parliamentary  election  now  intervened;  a  stranger,  unknown  to  fame,  ,was  thrust  upon  the  constituency  by  a  few  individuals,  who  pulled  the  strings  and  set  the  puppets  of  the  Constitutional  Association  in  motion.  The  opinions  and  wishes  of  many  independent  and  influential  ,Conservatives  were  .  disregarded,  and  the  result  was  that  those  men  rose  superior  to  the  ties  of  party,  asserted  their  independence,  and  selected  Mr.  J.  B.  MOORE  as  a  candidate  for  the  representation  of  Liverpool.  He  sustained  a  disastrous  defeat,  and  there  are  some  persons  sufficiently  uncharitable  to  hint  that  the  office  to  which  Mr.  LLOYD  18  now  about  to  be  elected,  devolves  upon  him,  far  less  in  right  of  any  efforts  he  may  have  made  to,  cure  the  re return  turn return  of  Messrs.  HORSFALL  and  LIDDELL,  than  is  an  inducement  not  to  lend  his  influence  to  oie  with  whom  he  was  on  terms  of  the  most  close  and,  intimate  friendship.  We  can  scarcely  believe  that  this  is  so;  but  the  mere  suspicion  of  such  a  barter  of  a  high  and  honourable  office,  if  not  contradicted,.  would  do  more  to  bring  our  local  institutions  and  their  managers  into  disrepute  than  anythiig  we  have  yet  heard.  For  three  successive  years  have  the  Mayors  of  Liverpool  been  selected  from  the  Tory  part?  in  the  council  ;  a  fourth  selection  from  the  same  party  is  about  to  be  made,  and  a  fifth  is  promised.  and  yet  a  claim  for  extreme  liberality  is  put  fort  by  that  party,  because  they  permitted  a  veneralle  gentle gentleman,  man, gentleman,  now  no  more,  to  be  elevated  tf  the  civic  chair  four  years  ago.  How  much  lsprger  will  this  state  of  things  be  permitted  to  centime  ?  The  meetings  of  public  bodies  of  (this  Borough  must  be  viewed  as  the  assembling  d  so  many  par parliaments,  liaments, parliaments,  having  considerable  locil  jurisdiction,  and  the  administration  of  large  ptblic  funds.  In  selecting  men  to  fill  offices  at  piblic  boards,  it  behoves  the  community  at  large,  to  select  those  who  are  equal  to  the  discharge  of  the  werous  duties  of  office;  and  who,  above  all,  have,  no  personal  in interest  terest interest  to  serve,  or  local  views  to  promote,  at  the  public  cost.  In  the  management  of  the  Liverpool  Docks  for  example,  what  an  rmount  of  care,  practical  knowledge,  and  pure  tublic  spirit,  is  required.  Here  we  have  an'  immense  capital  sunk,  large  returns.  to  husband  and  account  for,  in increased  creased increased  facilities  to  afford,  and  competition  to  anticipate,  while  the  attempts  of  interested  parties  to  create  local  jealousies  are  to  be  frustrated,  and  their  foolish  practices  deterfnimayte,pudiated  and  overruled.  Men  of  mean  capacity  are  not  eapaole  of  dis discharging  charging discharging  these  essential  duties.  The  merchant  and  enlightened  man  of  business,  shins  only  to  perfection  in  pursuits  of  a  really  practical  charac-  ter;  and,  in  a  town  so  essentially  commercial  as  ours,  there  can  be  no  difficulty  in  fading  such  men  to  fill  places  of  great  public  trust  The  recent  meeting  of  the  Doct  Committee  affords  us  a  very  striking  example  of  the  great  injustice  that  may  be  done,  by  thewant  of  a  due  regard  for  the  expression  of  piblic  opinion,  in  relation  to  matters  of  great  loc4  •iiterest.  That  some  rumour  has  gone  abroad,;  respecting  the  charges  on-shipping  in  this  pat,  is:pretty  certain,  from  the  fact,  that  a  Royal  Conmission  was  appoint appointed  ed appointed  to  inquire  into  the  subjeA  of  Dodk,  charges  here  and  at  two  or  three  other.dorts.  The  facts  brought  before  this  Commission  at  the  period  of  its  visit  to  Liverpool,  were  suchas  to  convince  any  man,  that  the  Dock  Committee  does  act  with  grave  injustice  to  ship-owners  ani  consignees  of  vessels  unload unloading  ing unloading  at  the  Birken  l STYLE=superscript  ead  side  of  our  port,  by  charging  them  with  due  , STYLE=superscript  for  unloading  when  they  come  into  the  Liverpool  Docks  simply  to  load.  This  almost  inemlible  fact  was  brought  before  her  Majesty's  Commissioners  in  such  a  forcible  light,  that  we  feel  convinced  the  Legislature  will  eventuoly  interpose  its  power,  to  remedy  such  an  i  mpo  ttic  course.  _  _  -  Emu  the  report  of  the  proceedings  of  the  Dock  Ccfnmittee,  which  appeared  in  the  NORTHEN  DAILY  'MIES,  ' STYLE=superscript  it  will  be  seen  that  the  Dock  authori authorities  ties authorities  are  resolved  to  continue  their  present  charges.  The  Chairman,  Mr.  CHARLES  TURNER,  announced  to  the  Committee,  that  the  triennial  revision  of  the  rates  of  vessels  using  the  Li,ierpool  Docks  had  that  day  taken  place  before  the  Mayor,  Mr.  Trafford,  and  himself,  and  it  was  thought,  that  no  alteration  on  those  rates  was  necessary,  and  a  resolution  to  that  effect  had  been  Thus,  it  appears,  that  as  far  as  the  Dock  Committee  is  concerned,  the  unjust  and  oppressive  charges  complained  of  before  the  Commissioners  are  to  be  continued  for  a  further  period  of  three  Now,  any  proceeding  that  cannot  be  justified  in  equity  must  be  attributed  to  some  paltry  spirit  of  jealousy—some  small  views  of  - STYLE=superscript  a  parish,  or  a  personal  charaCter.  Such  facts  or  ideas  could  never  influence  the  acts  of  a  liberal  and  really  enlightened  man.  Hence  the  necessity  for  having  persons  in  all  offices  where  the  public  good  should  be  the  watch-word,  and  the  great  interest  of  our  port  without  reference  to  its  natural  divisions—the  ruling  incentive  to  action.  In  speaking  of  Dock  Charges,  we  do  not  mean  to  say  that  they  are  generally  too  high;  but  with  regard  to  the  double  charge  laid  on  ships  coming  from  the  Birkenhead  Docks,  we  certainly  would  go  much  further  than  merely  directing  public  attention  to  them.  We  would,  in  fact,  recommend  that  the  inhabitants  of  both  towns  should  take  the  matter  up,  with  .  the  view  of  bringing  the  Dock  Committee  to  a  proper  sense  of  the  great  mischief  which  must  necesssarily  accrue  to  our  port,  from  fostering  feelings  of  petty  jealousy,  which  are  inimical  to  the  best  interests  of  both  sides  of  the  Mersey.  On  the  subject  of  charges  generally,  we  would  also  recommend  to  the  .  Committee  ;  the  utmost  moderation,  considering  that  we  are  threatened  with  serious  competitioh,  in  the  most  profitable  branch  of  our  shipping  trade,  by  Milford  Haven,  Cork,  and  Galway.  These  are  all  active  rivals,  and  in  the  advantages  they  hold  out,  they  have  not  forgotten  to  set  forth  the  charges  on  shipping  in  the  port  of  Liverpool.  Reductions  may  not  only  be  expedient  at  the  present  moment,  but  may  soon  become  imperatively  necessary.  The  sum  now  swallowed  up  in  the  extension  of  dock  accommodation  must  also  soon  be  left  applicable  for  other  purposes;  and  it  is  self-evident,  almost,  that  our  dock  extensions  have  now  been  carried  to  the  utmost  limit  they  can  go.  When  the  demand  for  money  ceases  in  this  direction,  the  Dock  Committee:will  be  in  a  position  to  reduce  the  .charges  very  much  below  what  they  are  at  present.  But  in  the  meantime  the  public  Must  not  remain  satisfied  with  a  future  probability.  The  fact  is,  that  the  double  dock  charges  we  have  pointed  out  are  most  unjust  and  oppressive;  and,  therefore,  they  should  be  at  once  abolished,  not notwithstanding  withstanding notwithstanding  the  Committee  have  thought  fit  to  pass  a  resolution  to  the  contrary.  With  respect  to  the  Harlington  Estate,  we  have  an  anomaly  with  which  rate-payers  should  grapple  instantly,  as  there  appears  to  be  something  at  the  bottom  of  its  management  which  needs  a  search searching  ing searching  investigation.  -A  positive  loss  of  £B,OOO  or  £9,000  we  cannot  reconcile  with  our  ideas  of  judi judicious  cious judicious  management  or  commercial  propriety.  We  repeat,  the  offer  of  such  a  large  bounty  to  an  un ungrateful  grateful ungrateful  ands  thankless  trade,  such  as  Mr.  EYRE  EVANS  represents  the  timber  trade  to  be,  is  sheer  folly,  if  it  dOes  not  materially  interfere  with  the  profits  of  private  individuals  who  have  yards  for  the  storage  of  timber.  A  DEAD  BODY  FOUND.—The  body  of  a  man  waE  found  floating  in  the  river  near  the  Victoria  Tower  or  Toterday.  It  was  the  body  of  a  man  about  5  feet  Bor  9  inches  in  height,  stoutly  built,  having  a  seamanlike  ap-  pearance,  and  - STYLE=superscript  wearing  a  blue  pilot  cloth  jacket  with  grey  trousers.  As  yet  he  has  not  been  identified.  SINGULAR  DEATH.—Yesterday,  an  inquest  was  held  before  Edward  Herford,  ESq.,  coroner  for  the  city  of  Manchester,  at  the  Dog  and  Partridge,  Oldam-road,  on  view  of  the  body  of  Sarah  Murray,  (daughter  of  Robert  Murray,)  of  6,  Back  Portugal-street,  hawker,)  aged  five  years-and-a-half.  Sarah  Murray,  deceased's  mother,  stated  that  on  Monday  night,  about  half-past  six  o'clock,  the  de deceased  ceased deceased  came  in  with  some  candles  which  she  had  sent  her  for,  and  that  she  was  crying.  She  stated  that  she  was  running,  and  that  she  struck  her  eye  against  the  wall.  She  said  it  Was  sore,  but  she  ate  her  meat,  and  slept  as  usual.  On  Wednesday  morning  she  was  singing  as  usual,  but  about  twenty  minutes  past  twelve  o'clock,  she  came  into  the  house  screaming,  and  stated  that  she  had  a  pain  at  the  side  of  her  head  near  the  back.  She  had  a  fit,  and  witness  took  her  to  a  druggist,  who  advised  her  being  put  into  a  warm  bath.  Then  Mr.  Charles  Boinpas,  medical  officer  of  the  district,  was  called  in  and  prescribed.  Next  morning,  about  four  o'clock,  she  was  found  dead.  Mr.  Charles  Bompas,  stated  that  on  making  a  post  mortent  examination  he  found  that  a  small  vein  had  been  ruptured  at  the  outside  of  the  lateral  ventricle,  and  from  this  the  blood  had  become  effused.  and  there  was  about  an  ounce  and-a-half  of  blood  coagulated.  He  had  no  doubt  that  this  caused  death,  and  that  the  blow  against  the  wall,  described  by  the  mother,  would  be  suffi sufficient  cient sufficient  to  cause  death.  Verdict  accordingly.  MR.  BAINBRIGGE'S  LECTURE.-011  last  evening  Mr.  Bainbrig,ge  delivered  the  last  of  his  series  of  lectures,  in  the  Collegiate  institute.  The  lectures  chiefly  directed  the  attention  of  the  audience  to  the  fact  that  the  inferiority  of  different  tribes  of  the  human  population  arose  less  out  of  a  decided  and  inherent  inferiority  of  race  than  out  of  the  want  of  the  principle  of  education  and  the  diffusion  of  religious  truths.  In  support  of  this  belief  he  pointed  out  to  their  notice  the  numbers  which  exist  even  in  the  most  civilized  and  educated  communities  who  approach  no  nearer  to  those  who  had  received  that  education  which  made  them  virtuous  and  happy  than  did  the  most  ignorant  tribes  of  the  uncivilized  world.  He  therefore  impressed  upon  his  hearers  the  necessity  of  early  and  careful  implanting  of  the  seeds  of  .education,  and  the  importance  of  attending  to  that  sound  state  of  health  and  body  in  youth  which  could  alone  be  compatible  with,  their  productive  reception  of  the  Arms  from  whence  sprang  enlightenment.  In  referring  more  particularly  to  the  training  of  youth,  he  gave  a  decided  preference  to  the  system  of  teaching  in  a  public  seminary  than  mere  private  reading.  The  latter  produced  only  theoretic  knowledge,  while  the  former  diffused  practical  education.  In  every  large  institution  for  education  were  to  be  found  exemplifications  Of  all  the  different  forms  and  passions  of  the  human  mind,  and  thus  therefore  would  the  young  student  acquire  that  practical  experience  which  would  guide,  him  in  his  future  path  through  the  world  outside.  The  lecturer  was  loudly  applauded  during  his  progress  and  on  concluding  it.  THE  SGIITHAMPTON  MAILS.—The  Peninsular  and  Oriental  Steam  Navigation  Company's  ship  Iberia,  Captain  R.  Roberts,  sailed  from  Southampton,  on  Thursday,  with  the  mails  for  Vigo,  Oporto,  Lisbon,  Cadiz,  and  Gibraltar,  with  36  passengers—  a  full  general  cargo  (the  largest  that  has  left  for  the  Peninsular  ports  during  the  past  two  or  three  years),  and  specie  value  1525/.  for  Lisbon,  and  1001.  for  Vigo.  The  screw  steam-ship  Douro,  Captain  T.  S.  Russell,  also  took  her  departure  at  2  p.m.,  for  Gibraltar,  Malta,  Smyrna,  and  Constantinople,  with  40  passengers,  specie  value  18,5991.  10s.  5d.,  for  the  Levant  ports,  and  on  freight  about  290  tons  of  measurement  goods.  The  cargo  by  the  Douro  was  not  a  full  one,  owing  to  the  political  complica complications  tions complications  in  the  East.  Among  the  40  passengers  by  this  steamer  are  Lord  and  Lady  Hay,  the  Hon.  Captain  Gardiner,  &amp;c.  The  United  States  mail  steam  ship  Franklin,  Captain  I.  A.  Wotton,  left  Cowes  Roads,  on  - STYLE=superscript  Wednesday  afternoon,  for  New  York  after  embarking  the  semi-weekly  American  mails,  via  Southampton.  The  Franklin  departed  from  Havre  the  same  morning,  and  has  nearly  20  passengers  and  an  immense  cargo  of  costly  continentla  merchandise.  MELANCHOLY  CASE  OF  SIIICIDE.—On  Thursday  night  a  young  man  named  William  Rigby,  36  years  of  age,  residing  at  No.  130,  Falkaier  Street,  committed  suicide  by  taking  a  large  dose  of  sulphuric  acid.  Every  effort  was  made  to  preserve  life  by  Dr.  Patterson,  Dr.  Bickerstaff  and  his  son,  but  in  vain.  The  deceased  had  led  rather  an  ir irregular  regular irregular  life,  and  for  some  time  past  was  in  a  desponding  state  of  mind.  On  the  night  of  the  13th  he  was  robbed  of  a  gold  watch,  and  the  case  having  appeared  in  the  public  journals  contributed  much  to  unsettle  his  mind.  On  Satur Saturday  day Saturday  last  he  left  home  and  did  not  return  until  Monday  afternoon,  when  he  appeared  in  a  very  excited  state  from  drinking.  Ile  went  to  bed  and  did  not  get  up  until  Wed Wednesday  nesday Wednesday  at  two  o'clock,  when  he  appeared  much  better,  and  remained  up  until  the  usual  hour  for  the  family  to  retire  to  rest,  and  before  retiring  he  joined  in  the  family  prayer.  Next  day  he  did  not  get  up,  and  about  two  o'clock  he  called  for  his  cousin,  Mr.  John  Harrison,  and  told  him  he  was  about  being  carried  away  from  the  house,  his  mind  appearing  at  the  time  quite  unsettled.  His  cousin  endeavoured  to  re-assure  him,  but  apparently  in  vain.  About  four  o'clock  a  scream  was  heard  from  his  bedroom,  and  when  the  family  rushed  up  they  found  him  lying  outside  the  parlour  door  in  his  shirt,  and  frothing  at  the  mouth.  It  was  at  first  thought  that  he  might  have  been  attacked  with  cholera,  but  Dr.  Patterson,  on  his  arrival,  instituted  a  search  and  found  an  eight  ounce  bottle  in  his  room,  containing  sulphuric  acid.  The  deceased  when  questioned  signified  by  a  nod  of  his  heiid  that  he  had  drank  a  portion  of  the  contents,  and  shortly  after  expired.  It  is  supposed  that  he  had  drunk  about  half  the  quantity  which  the  bottle  contained.  An  inquest  will  be  held  upon  the  body  this  day."
