text
"GENERAL  NEWS.  Gold  is  about  0  48  per  cent.  dearer  in  Paris  than  in  London,  and  0.65  per  cent  dearer  in  Hamburgh  than  in  London.  Exchange  at  New  York  is  nominally  .  0.17  per  cent.  in  favour  of  England,  leaving  a  trifling  profit  on  the  import  of  gold  from  Ulitce  straight.  Paris  letters  state  that  it  is  considered  probable  that  the  Bank  of  France  will  shortly  raise  their  rate  of  dis discount  count discount  to  5  per  cent.,  owing  to  the  drain  of  specie  which  is  still  going  on.  The  Times  city  article  says  it  was  understood  on  Tuesday  that  Barings  are  remitting  £300,000,  in  half  imperials,  to  St.  Petersburg,  on  account,  it  is  presumed,  of  the  Russian  government.  The  additional  shipments  of  other  firms  were  to  the  amount  of  about  80,000.  Teneriffe  letters  of  the  17th  confirm  the  statements  as  to  the  damage  sustained  by  the  Cochineal  crop,  and  state  that  the  unfavourable  weather  still  continued.  CABINET  COUNCIL.—The  Council  sat  three  hours  on  Tuesday.  NAVAL  NEWS.----PLYMOUTH,  TUESDAY  MORNING.  The  Imperieuse,  50,  screw  ;  Balous,  10,  Paddle  ;  Desperate,  8,  screw,  were  ordered  to-day  to  prepare  for  sea  with  all  despatch.  They  left  at  3,  p.m.,  and  bore  away  for  the  westward.  MALTA,  15th.  The  report  of  the  capture  of  a  Russian  line  of  battle-ship,  by  Captain  Slade,  is  not  confirmed  by  later  arrivals.  IRELAND.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  WEDNESDAY  EVENING.  THE  CHOLERA.-Sir  John  Young,  the  Irish  se secretary,  cretary, secretary,  in  reply  to  a  letter  from  the  mayor  of  Cork,  suggesting  that  a  hulk  'should  be  sent  to  Queens Queenstown  town Queenstown  to  serve  as  a  floating  hospital  for  such  patients  as  should  be  taken  with  cholera  in  the  harbour,  states  that  the  matter  is  under  consideration  —that  it  is  surrounded  with  difficulties—and  that  every  measure  the  law  admits  has  been  taken  by  the  authorities  to  prevent  the  spread  of  the  disease.  No  new  case  has  occurred  on  board  the  which,  having  been  cleaned  and  fumigated,  was  expected  to  sail  to  day.  A  large  portion  of  the  property  of  Mr.  Chris Christopher  topher Christopher  St.  George,  late  M.P.  for  Galway  county,  was  ands  old  r  3  e  7  a  e  l  s  i  t  z  e  e  rd  a  do  y  ve  i  r  n  2  t  2  h  y  e  ea  l  i  n  .s  c  p  u  u  mb  reh  er  a  -e  s  d  Estates  s.The  whole  Court,  of  the  day's  sales  amounted  to  £31,400.  THE  MURDERER  KIRWAN.—The  leasehold  pro property  perty property  of  this  individual,  which  was  forfeited  by  the  Crown,  was  set  up  for  auction  and  sold  yesterday.  The  wretch  seems  to  have  been  very  well  to  do  in  the  world,  as  from  this  source  alone,  he  had  close  on  £3OO  a  year,  which  at  the  sale  realised  £4,505.  Kirwan's  personal  effects  were  disposed  of  some  time  ago,  and  - STYLE=superscript  then  public  exposition  showed  that  he  possessed  the  accomplishment  of  thieving  in  ad addition  dition addition  to  his  other  qualifications.  Several  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  who  knew  him,  to  their  surprise  recognised  books,  and  other  matters  belonging  to  them,  which  Kirwan  had  appropriated,  by  inserting  his  own  name,  or  in  other  ways.  A  number  of  borrowed  name  of  the  a  mere  dauber,  substituted.  The  wardrobe  and  original  asilesit'eoaralssoedfo,  found  d STYLE=superscript  d  t STYLE=superscript  t  o STYLE=superscript  ha  i STYLE=superscript  ro  v STYLE=superscript  f  e STYLE=superscript  K  t STYLE=superscript  i  h STYLE=superscript  rl  e STYLE=superscript  van,  who  was  toilet  apparatus,  Sce.,  of  the  convict  were  purchase'',  it  is  said,  by  an  emissary  of  Madame  Tussaud.  .  MAYOR  OF  BELFAST.—The  office  of  chief  magistrate  for  the  ensuing  year,  will  be  filled  by  Frederick  11.  - STYLE=superscript  Lewis,  Esq.  A.  man  named  William  Littlewood,  was  committed  to  Wolvernaulpt..—  this  week,  for  robbing  his  employer,  Mr.  F.  Walton,  of  Old  Hail.  Mr.  Henry  Arthur  Herbert,  M.P.,  has  been  appointed  to  the  lieutenancy  of  the  county  of  Kerry,  vacated  by  the  de demise  mise demise  of  the  Earl  of  Kenmare.  REPRESENTATION  OF  EAST  GLOUCESTERSHIRE.—The  conservatives  talk  of  putting  forward  Sir  Michael  Hicks  Beach,  Bart.,  of  Williamship-park.  Sir  Thomas  John  Clavering,  the  representative  of  one  of  the  oldest  baronetcies  in  the  north  of  England,  died  at  Clif Clifton  ton Clifton  on  Friday,  in  his  82d  year.  STEAM  TO  PORTRUSR.  —Mr.  Burridge,  the  agent  of  the  North  Lancashire  Steam  Navigation  Company,  was  in  Cole Coleraine  raine Coleraine  and  Ballymoney  on  Wednesday  last,  with  a  view  to  making  arrangements  for  a  regular  steam  communication  from  Portrush  to  Liverpool  and  Fleetwood.  _  _  _  THE  NEW  STAMPS  LAW.—The  government  has  published  an  exposition  of  the  new  law  respecting  the  stamp  duty  on  receipts  and  orders  for  money,  which  must  be  a  great  boon  to  the  public,  as  the  public  mind  had  been  much  confused  upon  the  subject,  and  required  an  authorised  explanation  of  a  most  important  statute.  We  may  mention  that  a  distinct  stamp  has  been  prepared  for  and  A  LABOUR  PARLIAMENT.—The  operatives  are  about  to  form  a  new  organisation.  This  new  power  in  the  state  is  to  be  called  the  Labour  Parliament,  and  is  not  to  interfere  in  any  way  with  the  present  trades  unions  and  combinations  of  working  men.  It  is  to  be  composed  of  delegates  to  be  elected  at  public  meetings  in  the  different  towns,  and  its  comprehensive  duties  are  stated  in  the  resolutions  passed  at  a  meeting  of  working  men  which  has  been  held  to  inaugu-  rate  the  new  scheme.  THE  NEW  PALACE  AT  WESTMINSTER.—Her  majesty,  accompanied  by  the  Duchess  de  Brabant  and  the  Duchess  of  Sutherland,  paid  a  visit  to  the  new  houses  of  parliament  at  twelve  o'clock  to  day.  The  royal  party  entered  by  the  Victoria  tower,  and  after  exam  i  n  i  ng  t  h  e  var  i  ous  port  i  ons  o  f  the  building,  took  their  departure  for  Windsor.  The  royal  party  were  conducted  through  the  building,  in  the  absence  of  Sir  Charles  Barry,  who  is  confined  to  his  residence  by  an  attack  of  influenza,  by  Mr.  Edward  Barry,  and  Mr.  T  homas  ---  Quarm,  the  chief  clerk  of  the  works.—Globe  of  yesterday.  ATTEMPTED  ASSASSINATION.—A  correspotindent  of  the  Evening  Packet  states,  that  on  the  evening  of  Saturday  last,  an  attempt  was  made  to  assassinate  Mr.  G.  Hearne,  of  Drumrig-park,  county  Longfortd.  Mr.  H.  is  ecclesiastical  registrar  of  the  diocese,  and  the  owner  of  considerable  estates.  He  was  struck  by  several  slugs,  but  will,  it  is  said,  certainly  survive.  No  cause  is  assigned  for  the  horrible  outrage.  COMPOSING  A  DIFFERENCE.—In  a  case  tried  in  the  Ex Exchequer,  chequer, Exchequer,  London,  on  Tuesday,  before  Mr.  Baron  Martin,  a  man  named  Turner,  a  man,  brought  an  action  against  a  person  named  Norton,  ano another  ther another  man,  for  having  accused  him  with  a  felony  and  caused  his  arrest.  The  case  having  been  proved,  Mr.  Baron  Martin  said,  Mr.  Hawkins  had  you  not  better  consent  t  o  w  ithd  raw  a  juror  ?  You  see  after  the  supposed  assault  and  false  imprisonment  the  parties  shake  hands,  the  defendant  carries  out  his  pro promise  mise promise  not  to  appear  against  the  defendant  at  the  police-court,  and  at  the  time  the  latter  consents  not  to  appear  the  plain plaintiff  tiff plaintiff  stands  some  gin  as  a  sort  of  ratification  of  the  treaty,  and  they  drink  together  upon  it.  How  can  the  plaintiff  sustain  an  action  after  this  settlement  ?  Mr.  Hawkins  :  Well,  my  lord  if.  the  defendant  will  now  stand  treat—but  only  on  those  terms  —probably  I  may,  aft  er  y  our  lordship's  intimation,  be  able  to  induce  my  client  to  consent  (Laughter).  Mr.  Parry  was  quite  willing,  on  the  part  of  the  defendant,  to  accede  to  this  arrangement  ;  his  client  would  stand  treat.  (Renewed  laughter).  Mr.  Baron  Martin  :  Very  well  ;  you  withdraw  a  juror,  the  defendant  undertaking  to  stand  treat.  (Increased  laughter.)  Mr.  Hawkins  said  his  client  was  willing  to  adopt  the  suggestion  of  the  court;  he  would  with withdraw  draw withdraw  a  juror  upon  his  learned  friend,  Mr.  Parry,  undertak undertaking  ing undertaking  that  his  client,  the  defendant  should  stand  treat.  (Roars  of  laughter.)  Mr.  Parry,  of  course,  assumed  that  his  lord lordship  ship lordship  would  have  this  verdict,  as  he  might  call  it,  recorded  as  a  verdict.  (Much  laughter.  THE  NEW  MOTOR—THE  ERICSSON  NGINE.—It  will  be  recollected  that  the  caloric  ship  Ericsson  returned  from  her  trip  to  Washington  about  seven  months  ago,  and  that  im immediately  mediately immediately  thereafter  essential  modifications  and  improve improvements  ments improvements  in  the  plan  of  the  engine  were  determined  upon.  These  have  since  been  in  progress,  at  Williamsburg,  near  where  the  ship  was  built,  and  where  she  has  since  lain.  The  public  will  be  gratified  to  learn  that  these  alterations  are  now  nearly  completed,  and  that,  so  far  from  the  enter enterprise  prise enterprise  having  been  abandoned,  as  has  been  the  general  belief,  the  fullest  confidence  is  entertained  on  the  part  of  those  im immediately  mediately immediately  interested,  of  its  complete  success,  on  the  second  trip  of  the  ship.  Mr,  Ericsson  is  devoting  his  whole  time  and  undivided  energies  to  the  realization  of  this  end.  It  is  expected  that  within  two  weeks  one  of  the  engines  will  be  completed,  and  the  other  will  be  finished  soon  after.  The  several  parts  are  all  ready,  and  now  on  board.  We  under understand  stand understand  that  the  power  of  these  engines  will  far  exceed  what  was  attained  under  the  low  pressure  system  employed  on  the  first  trip—as  they  are  now  to  be  worked  under  condensed  pressure.  It  is  to  be  hoped  that  these  anticipations  may  not  prove  unfounded.  It  would  be  difficult  to  predict  what  change  might  ensue  in  the  course  of  a  few  years,  in  steam  navigation,  should  Mr.  Ericsson  succeed  in  the  application  of  his  principle  for  practical  purposes.—N.  T.  Jour.  Com.  The  fire  in  the  woods  of  Michigan  was  checked  by  a  re recent  cent recent  rain  ;  but  it  is  still  burning  in  many  localities.  Tens  of  thousands  of  acres  of  forest  have  been  destroyed,  and  of  the  top-moil,  to  the  depth  of  nearly  a  foot  in  many  places,  nothing  is  left  but  ashes.  It  is  estimated  that  more  than  fifty  barns  and  houses  have  been  burned,  with  miles  of  fences,  and  many  thousands  of  dollars'  worth  of  saw-logs,  cord  wood,  &amp;c.—New  York  Times.  Mumcmu,  L&amp;BOURS.—That  popular  work,  The  Sto Stomach  mach Stomach  and  Its  gives  the  most  accurate  notion  of  the  exertions  which  have  been  made  by  the  Corporation  of  London.  —Punch.  OVERFLOWING  WITH  EXTRAVAGANCE.—A  good  Novem November  ber November  Fog  is  the  cause  of  poor  authors  being  extremely  extra extravagant,  vagant, extravagant,  for  it  forces  them  to  burn  midnight  at  noonday.—lbid.  PROGRESS  OF  SCIENCE.—A  scientific  hair-dresser  at  the  West-end  is  about  to  favour  the  ladies  with  the  discovery  of  a  Iv  onclorful  new  pommade,  which,  he  guarantees  prevent  the  bonnet  tailing  off  tho  THE  DEARNESS  or  BREAD.—A  political  baker  attributes  are  ks  otfh  a  e  this  to  the  war  in  Turkey,  for  he  says  is  all  owing  to  the  rise  in  the  lbid.  THE  LAST  JOB  FOR  THE  ClTY.—Having  tolled  every  thing  else  that  they  can,  the  civic.  body  have  now  only  to  toll  their  own  knell.—lbid.  i STYLE=superscript  w  y STYLE=superscript  or  sol  A  fish  C  a  A  g  L  i  l  t  C  a  O  tor  C  s  A.  a  L  m  Er  ng  013ItG  .Mr  .  Cob  the  operatives  clock  out  of  order  ?  Mr.  Bright  :  Because  they  insist  upon  striking,  without  regard  to  the  position  of  the  hands.  Mr.  Cobden  :  You  are  quite  right,  my  dear  Bright.—  den  like  :  the  --  TO  THE  PRESS  GENERALLY.---The  Emperor  Nicholas  wishes  an  erratum  corrected  in  the  next  edition  of  our  dictionaries.  He  begs  to  say  that  he  h  as  di  scovere  d  th  a  t  an  Ottoman  is  not  a  thing  upo  n  w  hi  c  h  i  n  his  calculating  hest,  Rather,  upon  w  esiyou  easily  and  comfort comfortably  ably comfortably  place  your  foot.  Ibid.  PAS  AD  HOSTS  DOCERI.—A  leading  journal  says  that  the  reckonedre  c  k  o  n  e  d  withoutCar,i  crushi  ng STYLE=superscript  should  l  drr  Turkey,  y STYLE=superscript  '  he  upon  his  host  ;  but  a  few  more  defeats,  and  Nicholas  will  be  driven  to  the  solitary  reckoning  in  question,  and  be  unable  to  discharge  the  shot.—lbid.  THE  GORTSCHAKOFF  JACKET.—The  uniform  of  Prince  Gortschakoff  has  not  been  described.  We  believe  the  prin principle  ciple principle  article  of  it  is  a  THE  PRICE  OF  COALS  ACCOUNTED  FOR.—It  is  usual  with  small  tradesmen  to  increase  the  weight  of  coals  by  sprinkling  cold  water  upon  them;  but  in  the  city  the  reason  why  coals  come  so  heavy  is  owing  to  the  city  dews  falling  upon  them  for  twenty  miles  round  London.  When  these  dews  are  collected,  it  is  found  that  the  difference,  which,  of  course,  weighs  upon  the  price,  amounts,  in  the  course  of  the  year,  to  many  hundred  thousands  of  pounds  !—lbid.  P3_TB00110 ~~;';  ~..  &lt;.,.  Com4onlicure.  A  NICE  HOTEL.  TO  THE  EDITOR  Op  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  SlR,—Being  late  at  the  Philharmonic  last  night,  and  having  forgotten  my  latch-key,  I  went  to  the  Queen's  Hotel.  Had  a  glass  of  warm  whiskey  and  water,  a  waiter,  a  candle,  and  a  bed.  Arrived  at  half-past  twelve  and  left  at  eight—time,  seven  hours  and  a  half.  On  leaving,  was  presented  by  a  young  lady,  who  looked  as  if  she  were  in  the  habit  of  dressing  herself  backwards  way,  with  the  following  in  me memoriam  moriam memoriam  :  Queen's  Hotel,  23rd  Nov.  1853.  Mr.  Snooks—  Bed  Attendance  Whiskey  .  .  s.  d.  .2  6  .1  6  .1  0  5  0  In  future,  in  preference  I  shall  go  to  the  nearest  police  station  and  have  myself  booked  ;  and  at  all  events,  I  have  made  a  memorandum—Don't  do  that  again.  Wednesday  morning."
