text
"COMMERCIAL  INTELLIGENCE.  STATE  OF  THE  BOMBAY  MARKETS,  FROM  THE  28th  OCTOBER  TO  THE  13th  NOVEMBER.  • STYLE=superscript  The  leading  event  in  the  Money  Market  during  the  past  fortnight  has  been  the  notification  by  the  East  India  Company  of  their  inten intention  tion intention  to  pay  off  the  further  portion  of  their  5  per  cent.  loans,  or  com commute  mute commute  the  interest  thereon  to  4  per  cent.  and  of  their  having  opened  a  new  loan  at  3a  per  cent,  interest.  Thefirst  of  these  measures  has  been  expected  for  some  time,  it  being  well  known  that  the  operations  for  payment  or  transfer  of  the  5  per  cent.  transfer  loan  and  the  5  per  cent.  Sicca  Loans  of  1825-26  and  1829-30  in  July  and  September  last  have  been  eminently  successful.  There  can  be  no  doubt  that  the  remaining  portion  of  the  Loan  of  1841-42  will  soon  follow,  and  then  the  5  per  cent.  will  cease  to  be  known  as  a  Government  rate  of  interest  in  India  Another  notice  intimates  that  no  ciaim  for  trans transfer  fer transfer  of  notes  of  the  5  per  cent.  Sicca  Loan  into  the  4  per  cent.  loan  of  1842-43  will  be  admitted  after  the  Oth  inst.  This  step  will  oblige  holders  to  take  payments  in  cash,  a  considerable  portion  of  which  will  probably  find  its  way  into  the  new  3i  per  cent.  Loan  of  1854.  As  might  be  expected,  the  effect  of  these  notices  has  been  a  rise  in  most  descriptions  of  Government  securities  and  Joint-stock  Bank  shares,  which,  previous  to  their  publication,  had  been  exhibiting  a  downward  tendency.  The  Oriental  Bank  Corporation  has  declared  a  dividend  of  12  per  cent.  per  annum.  Th,  business  done  since  the  date  of  our  last  report  has  been  very  small,  and  at  present  we  are  sorry  to  say  there  does  not  seem  any  immediate  prospect  of  improvement.  Gray  Shirting,  49-inch,  of  the  lighter  descriptions,  have  slightly  improved  in  value,  while  Lle  heavier  goods  remain  without  change;  45-inch  has  slightly  d  in  value.  Gray  Long  Cloth  in  fair  enquiry  at  a  slight  advance,  which  may  probably  be  maintained  unless  sales  are  pressed.  Gray  T.  Clothes  arc  much  neglected,  and  no  inquiry  exists  for  up-country  use.  Gray  Domestics  are  dull  and  neglected,  and  have  somewhat  further  receded  in  value  :  short  widths,  however,  remain  steady  at  the  rates  formerly  quoted.  Gray  Al  adapollams  remain  steady  at  the  rates  quoted  in  our  last  report.  Gray  Jacconets  In  request;  the  prices  last  quoted  are  steadily  maintained.  Grey  Cambric,  remain  without  change.  grey  Twills  still  remain  dull  and  depressed.  Bleached  Shirtings,  of  the  lowest  descriptions,  in  fair  inquiry,  the  finer  qualities  are  very  dull.  Bleached  Madepollams—The  same  remark  applies.  Bleached  Jacconets  dull.  Lappets  and  lappet  scarfs  remain  without  change.  Dhoties,  grey  and  bieached,  are  as  last  quoted.  Book  Muslin,i  —ln  these  also  we  have  no  change  to  notice.  Dimity  likewise  remains  as  last  reported  on.  Turkey  Red  Cambrics,  twills,  mulls,  and  dimity,  are  without  mate material  rial material  change.  Coloured  Mulls  are  saleable  at  our  last  quotations.  Twist,  both  mule  and  water,  are  still  without  any  improvement  in  value.  Metals  continue  to  maintain  their  value,  and  in  request.  We  quote  as  follows  :—Copper,  brazier's,  63r  ;  bottom,  63ar  ;  bolt,  60r  ;  tile,6  7r  ;  and  South  American  slab  copper,  at  Sir  per  cwt.  The  two  latter  descriptions  scarce.  Iron—Swedish  bar,  50r  to  54r,  and  has  somewhat  advanced  for  good  small  sizes;  steel,  in  tub.  12r  to  12ir  ;  bundle,  ga  to  Ila,  for formerly  merly formerly  quoted;  English  bar  has  advanced  to  46r  to  48r.;  round  nailrod  has  advanced  to  48r,  and  is  wanted;  sheet,  7r  to  8r  ;  hoop,  7r  to  Br.  as  before.  Spelter  is  steady,  at  Int*  to  18r.  Lead—Pig,  11r,  and  sheet  is  in  request  at  14r  to  15r  per  cwt.  Quicksilver-50r  to  57r.  Red  Lead  12ir  to  :qr.  White  Lead  is  in  request  at  liir  to  12r.  Cochineal-2r  2ia  to  2r  3a  per  lb.  Saffron,  of  the  beat  description,  in  request  at  13r  to  lbr  per  lb.  Cotton—  A  ft  er  a  vigorous  effort  attempted  by  the  holders  to  main maintain  tain maintain  prices,  the  bad  accounts  of  both  the  China  and  English  markets  have  at  length  caused  them  to  give  way,  and  previous  to  the  arrival  of  the  last  mail  from  England  Broach  cotton  was  bought  at  94ir  to  95ir.  Dhollera  cotton  at  War,  since  which  time  no  transactions  have  tran transpired,  spired, transpired,  but  we  believe  that  2r  to  3r  per  candy  would  now  be  ac accepted  cepted accepted  below  the  prices  given  ;  the  staple  will  cost,  free  on  board,  including  freight  to  Liverpool,  and  marine  insurance,  4d.  and  3id  per  lb.  Linseed—Continues  to  be  contracted  for  delivery  in  December  and  January,  at  3r  Ila  to  3r  12a  per  cwt,  and  since  last  advices  from  England  even  higher  prices  are  demanded.  but  none  of  the  seed  has  yet  arrived  at  this  port.  Pepper  is  scarce,  that  from  Malabar  is  worth  73r,  and  from  Bhut Bhutcole  cole Bhutcole  75r  per  candy.  Coffee  is  to  be  hau  at  23r  to  lOr  per  maund.  Exchange  on  England,  owing  to  the  few  sales  of  goods  effected,  has  been  in  little  request,  and  although  a  small  amount  of  bills  are  on  the  market,  still  the  rate  has  advanced;  the  Commercial  Bank  has  drawn  at  2s.  13-10  d.  per  rupee  at  six  months'  sight.  Baring  Brothers'  credit  sold  at  2s.  1  5-16  d.  to  2s.  1  6-16  ~  and  best  local  drafts  at  2s.  sad.  to  2s  lid  per  rupee.  Exchange  on  Calcutta  is  at  gar  for  Calcutta  100  r,  and  on  China  nominal  at  240  r  per  100  dollars,  at  60  days'  sight.  Freights  to  England  have  been  well  maintained  at  21  17s  Cd  per"
