text
"SALFORD  TOWN  COUNCIL.  SPECIAL  MEETING,  YESTERDAY.  A  special  meeting  of  the  Salford  Town  Council  was  held  in  the  council  chamber,  town-hall,  yesterday,  when  the  chair  was  occupied  by  his  worship  the  mayor  (William  Ross,  Esq.)  The  MAYOR  said,  looking  at  the  business  notified  in  the  circular  he  did  not  think  that  there  was  anything  which  called  for  special  remark,  the  proceedings  being  chiefly  of  a  formal  character.  The  members  of  the  council  must  bear  in  mind  that  it  was  requisite  that  two-thirds  of  the  coun council,  cil, council,  forty  three  gentlemen,  should  be  present  when  the  by bylaws  laws bylaws  for  the  regulation  of  hackney  coaches  were  proposed,  Ths  Towx  CLERK  read  the  minutes  of  proceedings  at  the  last  meeting,  which  were  approved  of  and  confirmed.  The  Towx  CLERK  next  read  the  proceedings  of  com committees  mittees committees  which  were  approved  and  passed.  A  report  respecting  by-laws  for  the  regulation  of  hack hackney  ney hackney  coaches  was  adopted,  as  was  also  a  report  from  the  Salford  district  finance  committee.  Messrs.  Shelmerdine  and  Cliffe  were  appointed  on  several  of  the  committees  of  the  council.  The  costs  of  preparing  and  printing  the  lists  of  voters  for  the  parliamentary  borough  of  Salford  for  the  year  1853-4  were  apportioned  owing  the  several  townships  to  contribute  thereto.  Tho  meeting  then  broke  up.  THE  EA.RLY  CLOSING  MOVEMENT  -LECTURE  LAST  KIGHT.  An  interesting  rneeting  took  place  last  night,  at  Messrs.  Frisby,  Dyke,.  &amp;  Co.'s,  in  Lord.street,  on  the  occasion  of  a  lecture  delivered  by  Mr.  Belford,  commis commission  sion commission  agent,  of  South  Castle-street,  (late  of  Messrs.  Ceo.  Hitchcock  &amp;  Co.,  St.  Paul's  Church-yard,  London).  The  subject  was  responsibility  of  young  men,  arising  from  their  increased  facility  for  mental  cultiva 'cultivation.'  .  There  were  upwards  of  100  ladies  and  gentle gentlemen,  men, gentlemen,  in  the  employment  of  the  establishment,  present.  Mr.  Dyke,  one  of  the  partners  in  the  firm,  took  the  chair,  and  opened  the  proceedings  by  expressing  the  warm  feeling  he  entertained  in  favour  of  the  early  clos closing  ing closing  movement.  After  stating  his  conviction,  that  in  the  event  of  early  closing  becoming  general,  the  young  men  of  Liverpool  would  not  abuse  the  boon,  he  introduced  Mr.  Belford,  the  lecturer,  to  the  meeting.  Mr.  BEDFORD  commenced  his  remarks  by  stating,  that  after  eighteen  years'  experience  in  the  trade,  he  had  felt  the  evils  of  the  late  hour  sy  s  t  em  ,  an  d  was  able  to  appre appreciate  ciate appreciate  the  benefits  of  the  hours  which  were  now  being  adopted.  The  lecturer  then  dwelt  upon  the  main  points  of  his  subject,  and  in  an  address  of  nearly  two  hours  duration,  he  enforced  upon  the  young  men  of  Liverpool,  the  moral  and  religious  obligation  which  was  now  emposed  upon  them,  to  improve  their  mental  posi position,  tion, position,  in  consequence  of  the  advantages  conceded  to  them  by  those  employers  who  had  agreed  to  close  their  estab establishments  lishments establishments  at  an  earlier  hour  than  had  hitherto  been  adopted.  At  the  conclusion  of  the  lecture,  Mr.  Belford  was  very  warmly  cheered,  A  vote  of  thanks  was  moved  to  Mr.  Belford,  which  was  responded  to  with  enthusiasm.  The,  health  of  Mr.  Dyke,  was  also  proposed,  i  n  highly  complimentary  terms;  and  responded  to  by  that  gentle gentleman.  man. gentleman.  Mr.  Belford  next  proposed  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  and  the  MERCURY,  for  the  manner  in  which  they  had  supported  the  early  closing  movement.  The  Chairman  seconded  the  motion,  which  was  carried  amidst  loud  cheering,  after  which  the  interest interesting  ing interesting  proceedings  terminated."
