text
"nected  with  emigrant  vessels,  are  the  scape-goats  upon  whom  this  High  Priest  of  Journalism  would  fain  cast  the  awful  responsibility  of  the  emigrants'  misery,  disease,  and  death.  observes  the  Times,  leave  the  land  without  any  indi 'indi'  cations  of  disease,  having  satisfied  the  vigilance  of  the  inspectors  under  the  Passengers'  Act,  and  complied  literally  with  the  stinted  and  niggardly  provisions  of  that  most  narrow  and  paltry  mea 'mea'  sure;  but  after  a  few  days  have  been  spent  in  the  pestilential  atmosphere  created  by  the  fes 'fes'  tering  mass  of  squalid  humanity  imprisoned  between  her  damp  and  steaming  decks,  the  scourge  that  every  day  more  and  more  constantly  I  waits  upon  the  uncleanness  of  crowded,  un unwashed,  washed, unwashed,  and  unventilated  dwellings,  bursts  out,  and  to  the  miseries  of  filth,  of  foul  air,  of  crowding,  of  darkness,  and  ceaseless  din,  is  added  the  dreadful  presence  of  cholera.  Amid  hundreds  of  men,  women,  and  children,  dressing,  undressing,  washing,  quarrelling,  fighting,  cook  ing,  and  drinking,  are  heard  the  groans  and  screams  of  a  patient  in  the  last  agonies  of  this  plague.  This  is  no  imaginary  picture;  so  con constant  stant constant  a  concomitant  has  this  disease  become  of  the  voyage  of  an  emigrant-ship  to  America—so  uniformly  does  it  break  out  after  the  first  three  or  four  days  at  sea,  and  so  relentless  are  its  ravages,  that  it  has  come  to  be  a  received  theory  among  persons  who  feel  the  necessity  of  ac accounting  counting accounting  for  the  fact  in  a  manner  as  little  disgraceful  as  possible  to  the  proprietors  of  these  charnel  -  houses,  that  the  cholera  is  domesticated  in  certain  degrees  of  latitude  and  that  the  atmosphere  which  broods  over  the  waters  of  the  Atlantic  is  loaded  with  death,  and  that  between  us  and  America  is  raised  a  barrier  more  formidable  than  dretded  \finds  r  , STYLE=superscript  and  waves-  —a  barrier  of  pestilence  and  infection.  1 STYLE=superscript  It  is  no  time  to  make  theories,  for  the  facts  multiply  fast  upon  our  hands,  and  demand  an  explanation  of  some  No  time  to  make  theories,  forsooth  1  so  that  ,an  explanation  of  some  sort  is  better  than  none  at  all.  But—  Leas  dang'rous  is  th'  offence  To  tire  our  patience  than  mislead  our  The  argument  here  adduced  is  compleetly  over overthrown  thrown overthrown  'by  the  fact;  that  so  far  from  malignant  disease  continuing  to  augment,  after  it  makes  its  first  appearance,  until  the  vessel  reaches  port,—  which  would  infallibly  be  the  case  if  the  causes  assigned  by  the  Times  be  correct—it  invariably  diminishes  in  intensity  and  extent  after  the  lapse  of  a  few  days.  The  testimony  of  the  physician  to  the  ship  Marathon  will  be•  regarded  as  conclusive  on  this  point.  The  :''arathon  sailed  from  this  port  with  531  emigrants  on  the  22d  September,  and  after  a  protracted  voyage  of  fifty  days—a  most  unusual  circumstance—arrived  at  New  York  on  the  29th  ult.  The  mortality  on  board  this  vessel  was  very  great,  amounting  to  64  deaths.  The  following  is  the  narrative  of  the  medical  officer  Ship  Ma 'Ma'  rathon  left  her  dock  at  Liverpool,  September  22,  and  sailed  from  the  river  on  the  27th,  with  very  stormy  weather.  No  sickness  occurred  on  board  untiLOctober  10,  when  cholera  broke  out  on  the  lower  deck.  The  first  case  was  an  Irishman  ;he  was  seized  at  eight  o'clock  in  the  morning  with  cramps,  coldness  of  extremities,  excessive  purging  and  vomiting,  and  pulse  almost  imperceptible.  died  at  twelve  o'clock  the  same  day.  By  Monday  October  17,  the  disease  had  materially  decreased  in  virulence—so  far,  that  only  three  four  died  per  day.  On  the  27th  it  again  raged  fiercely,  when  the  number  of  deaths  were  an  average  of  five  per  day.  From  November  4  until  the  arrival  in  port,  no  deaths  from  cholera  oc 'oc'  curred.  During  that  time,  however,  several  children  died  of  diarrhoea.  At  the  period  when  the  disease  was  at  its  height,  there  was  an  average  15  sick  per  clay,  The  total  ilun*er  of  ca....,-  was  91,  of  which  64  terminated  fa  S STYLE=superscript  tally.  Cases  were  from  four  hours  to  a  week,  from  the  time  of  infection,  before  terminating  Hence  we  find  that  the  disease  broke  out  a  week  after  the  vessel  left  the  Mersey,  but  ceased  to  be  fatal  after  the  expiration  of  a  fortnight—a  circum circumstance  stance circumstance  not  at  all  probable  if  the  accommodation,  diet,  and  sanitary  condition  of  the  numerous  emi  grants  were  disregarded.  If  the  internal  condition  of  emigrant  ships  be  such  as  the  Times  charac characterises  terises characterises  as  noisome  dungeons,  airless  and  light 'light'  less,  still  reeking  from  the  ineradicable  stench  left  by  the  emigrants  of  the  last  voyage,  which  fumigation  can  remove,  no  perfume  over 'over'  If  cleanliness  is  and  attempt  is  made  to  purify  the  reeking  why  we  should  have  had  a  far  more  melancholy  tale  to  tell.  Contagion  would  have  continued  to  spread—mortality  to  increase  ---  until  scarcely  a  survivor  would  have  been  left  to  describe  the  hor horrors  rors horrors  of  a  passage  across  the  Atlantic.  The  New  York  Courier  and  Inquirer  also  nega•  tives  the  arguments  of  the  Times.  It  observes  :--  It  will  bc  asked,  of  cholera,  why  is  it  confined  to  emigrants  who  suffer  from  imperfect  ventilation,  filthy  and  crowded  decks,  and  bad  food?  The  reply  is  simply  that  such  is  not  the  fact.  The  ship  Constellation  is,  as  we  -have  already  men 'men'  tioned,  one  of  the  best  arranged,  and  best  managed  ships  that  sail  out  of  this  port.  She  was  not  over  crowded.  Her  second  cabin  is  en 'en'  tirely  isolated  from  the  steerage,  roomy,  airy,  and  with  good  state  rooms;  yet  .in  that  cabin  there  were  four  deaths,  Other  cases  might  be  where  'the  officers,  their  wives,  and  grew  have  suffered  from  attacks  of  cholera,  and  in  some  instances  died.  If  the  disease  be  cholera,  and  it  is  impossible  to  doubt  it,  it  does  not  result  from  the  imperfect  sanitary  condition  of  the  Other  causes  besides  those  alleged  by  the  London  Oracle  must  be  sought  for  - STYLE=superscript  as  occasioning  this  extensive  mortality.  And  we  are  strongly  in inclined  clined inclined  to  favour  the  opinion  which  the  Times  sneers  at,  but  which,  nevertheless  prevails  in  scientific  quarters,  is  favoured  by  American  physicians  of  •  distinction,  and  advocated  by  intelligent  American  journalists,  that  the  mysterious  agency  of  the  disease,  vomited  forth  from  the  foul  dens  of  India,  is  now  careering  over  the  broad  bosom  of  the  Atlantic  ocean.  •The  day  after  the  arrival  of  the  Marathon,  seven  emigrant  ships  __reached  New  York,  five  being  from  this  port,  conveying  altogether  2,416  passengers,  out  of  which  immense  number,  '  only  seven  died  during  the  voyage,  viz.,  four  on  board  the  Man Manhattan,  hattan, Manhattan,  one  on  the  •Princoton,  and  two  on  the  Neptune.  Thee  first  two  sailed  from  Liverpool  with  a  complement  of  869  emigrants.  On  board  the  Cambria,  Universe,  and  jos.  Walker,  conveying  respectively  349,  631,  and  443  passengers,  .not  a  solitary  death  'Occurred  !'  These,'  we  need  hardly  inform  our  readers,  are  all  Liverpool  vessels.  And  yet  the  Times  will  rant,  and  rave,  and  vituperate,  and  taunt  :Its  abOut  our  and  heartless  in  extracting  -  from  .  helpless  and  ignorance  'Tie  really  too  bad  to  fulminate  such  accusations.  It.  shows  ill  taste  and  worse  perception  :'  .The  Hew  York  Times  was  induced  to  indulge  somewhat  also  in  the  imaginative,  and  spoke  of  the  filthy  condition  of  a  certain  emigrant  vessel—but  in  the  same  'journal  the  statement  was  subsequently  contradicted  on  affidmit,  •  ;  Amongst  some  Southerns  there  seems  to  be  a  great  prejudice  against  anythingbearing  aLiverpool  Lem,)  ).;71(1.::1"
