text
"great  saving  is  effected,  and  accidents,•such  as  boiler  explo explosions,  sions, explosions,  seldom,  if  ever,  occur.  It  is  not  for  me  to  give  an  opinion  as  to  whether  inspectors  should  be  appointed  by  government  or  the  local  authorities.  I  only  mention  the  fact  that  I  consider  such  an  appointment  imperative,  in  order  to  ensure  greater  security  to  the  public.  Lastly.  Careful  management  and  attention  to  the  feeding  apparatus,  and  all  the  requisite  water,  mercurial  guages,  indicators  of  pressure,  &amp;c.,  which,  being  carefully  registered  and  recorded,  will  lead  to  the  best  results.  Manchester,  November  12th,  1853.  Mr.  Fairbairn  added:  —This  morning  I  again  looked  over  the  centre  stays  and  found  many  of  them  defective  ;  and  I  am  now  inclined  to  think  that  the  cross-stays  were  the  first  to  give  way,  because  the  boiler  has  taken  a  cylindrical  shape  —the  form  which  nature  would  give  it  under  severe  pres pressure.  sure. pressure.  I  have  no  reason  to  suppose  that  the  boiler  was  short  of  water,  but  think  the  accident  arose  entirely  from  excessive  pressure.  It  is  impossible  to  say  what  that  pressure  might  have  been,  but  from  the  facts  already  stated  as  to  the  ulti ultimate  mate ultimate  strength  of  the  boiler,  it  must  have  been  considerably  above  35  lbs.  upon  the  square  inch.  I  have  no  doubt  there  are  many  other  boilers  in  the  manufacturing  districts  work working  ing working  in  an  equally  dangerous  manner.  With  respect  to  this  particular  boiler,  I  am  strongly  inclined  to  think  the  safety safetyvalve  valve safetyvalve  had  not  been•looked  at  for  some  time,  and  having  got  fast,  caused  the  explosion.  But  had  it  been  otherwise,  I  have  no  doubt  that  an  explosion  would  have  occurred  sooner  or  later,  in  consequence  of  the  boiler  being  worked  at  so  high  a  presiure.  I  don't  attach  blame  to  any  particu particular  lar particular  person,  except  so  far  as  to  say  it  was  injudicious  to  have  such  a  boiler.  I  think  the  proprietors  of  the  mill  ought  to  have  consulted  some  competent  person,  to  ascertain  whether  the  boiler  was  safe  or  not.  I  don't  think  they  would  have  employed  such  a  boiler  had  they  been  aware  of  the  danger  thereby  incurred.  The  boiler  was  never  fit  to  be  applied  to  a  high  pressure  engine.  lam  of  opnion  that  a  great  number  of  these  accidents  arise  from  ignorance  of  the  properties  of  steam.  In  this  case  the  person  in  charge  of  the  boiler  may  have  erred  either  from  ignorance  or  carelessness.  I  under understand  stand understand  that  the  engine  had  been  started  about  three  minutes  when  the  explosion  took  place.  That  is  the  very  time  when  these  accidents  usually  occur.  There  is  a  disturbing  cause  the  moment  you  start  the  engine.  Although  you  might  suppose  that  starting  the  engine  would  relieve  thx  boiler  of  pressure,  yet  there  is  an  impulsive  motion  then  given  which  would  rather  increase  the  pressure  than  otherwise.  Mr.  Backhouse  :  If  the  fireman  had  left  the  fire-hole  doors  open  during  the  breakfast  hour,  when  the  engine  was  not  running,  would  not  that  have  rendered  the  generation  of  steam  less  rapid  than  if  he  closed  the  doors  ?  Witness  ;  Yes,  most  assuredly.  By  opening  the  doors,  you  let  in  a  large  quantity  of  cold  air,  which  keeps  down  the  temperature  of  the  furnace.  By  Mr.  Clough  :  It  is  absolutely  necessary  that  the  valves  should  be  in  good  working  order  to  carry  of  the  surplus  steam.  If  that  precaution  were  always  taken,  many  of  these  accidents  would  be  avoided.  It  is  the  duty  of  the  engine  tender  to  s!e  that  the  safety-valves,  water  and  steam  gauges,  and  all  the  apparatus  connected  with  the  boiler  are  in  working  condition  and  in  good  repair.  Previous  to  leaving  the  court,  Mr.  Fairbairn  kindly  re returned  turned returned  a  cheque  for  ten  guneas  tendered  to  him  on  account  of  expenses,  to  be  given  in  aid  of  a  subscription  for  the  friends  of  the  deceased  and  the  sufferers  by  the  explosion.  Wm.  Harwood  examined  :  Was  employed  as  a  ware warehouseman  houseman warehouseman  at  the  loom-shed  of  Wm.  Hesketh,  witness's  son sonin-law.  in-law. sonin-law.  The  deceased,  Edward  Sharpies,  was  considered  a  very  good  driver  of  an  engine,  but  was  sometimes  rather  faulty.  Witness  had  twice  complained  of  Sharpies  starting  the  engine  before  the  usual  time.  The  first  time,  on  being  asked  the  reason  of  this,  Sharpies  replied,  I've  got  my  steam  too  high,  and  was  forced  to  Witness  replied,  You  ought  to  have  more  sense;  you'll  be  killing  yourself,  or  somebody  To  this  he  rejoined,  Well,  I  have  but  once  to  Five  or  six  weeks  ago,  witness  again  com complained  plained complained  to  Sharpies,  of  his  having  started  the  engine  before  the  proper  time.  Witness  said,  a STYLE=superscript  You  ought  to  have  more  sense  than  to  do  in  this  manner,  for  you  are  only  burning  coals  to  the  benefit  of  Did  not  recollect  that  Sharpies  made  any  reply.  When  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  Swithenbank,  several  years  ago,  Sharpies  had  a  trick  of  allowing  the  steam  to  get  too  low  in  the  boiler.  On  one  occasion,  he  allowed  the  boiler  to  become  nearly  red  hot,  and  the  mill  had  to  be  stopped  while  it  was  put  right.  He  was  ultimately  discharged  by  Mr.  Swithenbank  for  being  found  drunk  upon  the  boiler.  Robert  Hyde,  boiler  maker,  deposed  to  repairing  the  boiler  about  three  week  s  ago  .  Th  e  ang  l  e  i  ron  was  cra  k  e  d  at  the  front  end  of  the  boiler  and  part  of  a  front  plate,  about  22  inches  long,  was  rosted  away.  There  were  also  leakages  in  the  boiler.  Thomas  Lee,  foreman  at  Mr.  Yeates's  foundry,  examined  :  The  boiler  was  upwards  of  15  years  old  and  had  been'  re repaired  paired repaired  five  or  six  times  within  the  last  five  or  six  years.  Believed  it  was  made  at  Mr.  Yates's  foundry.  Had  re repeatedly  peatedly repeatedly  remarked  to  both  Hesketh  and  Sharples  that  the  boiler  was  worked  at  too  high  pressure.  According  to  the  indicator  it  was  generally  35  lbs.  to  the  square  inch..  On  one  occassion  about  four  or  five  weeks  ago,  the  pressure  was  371bs.  Heard  Hesketh  tell  Sharpies  that  there  was  no  ne necessity  cessity necessity  for  working  the  boiler  aboAe  321bs.  Sharpies  re replied  plied replied  that  he  liked  to  have  plenty  of  steam  on.  There  was  danger  in  working  the  boiler  at  the  pressure  :  A  ne  w  b  o  il  er  had  been  ordered  to  replace  the  old  one.  By  Mr.  Clough  The  boiler  wee  in  pretty  fair  condition  for  an  old  boiler,  Never  saw  the  indicator  at  401bs.  By  Jurors.—l  should  think  201bs.  would  be  the  extent  of  pressure  at  which  such  a  boiler  as  that  at  Heskeths  might  be  worked.  Dont't  know  any  boiler  of  that  description  working  at  so  high  a  pressure  as  201bs.  or  151bs.  The  general  pressure  for  a  boiler  of  that  kind  is  101bs.  or  121bs.  The  boiler  was  very  strong.  I  understand  it  was  made  to  bear  251bs.  It  was  a  low  pressure  form  of  boiler,  but  they  used  to  make  high  pressure  boilers  in  the  same  way.  Thos.  Soxham—Was  formerly  engine-tender  at  the  Eagle  mill.  Whilst  he  was  there,  he  thought  the  pressure  at  which  the  boiler  was  worked  did  not  exceed  241bs  or  251bs.  to  the  inch.  The  boiler  was  well  stayed,  and  he  did  not  think  there  was  any  danger  in  working  it  at  that  pressure,  because  the  steam  would  blow  off  at  the  safety  if  it  got  too  high.  John  Rushtou—Was  engine-tender  for  Mr.  Hcsketh  about  fifteen  months  since.  There  was  no  indicator  to  the  boiler  at  that  time,  but  witnessed  judged  by  the  safety  valve  that  .he  worked  it  at  a  pressure  of  201bs.  or  251bs.  By  a  Juror—Tliis  valve  (produced)  was  the  blow  valve.  The  safety  valve  had  been  already  taken  off,  a  blank  flange  put  on,  and  the  boiler  worked  by  an  indicator.  The  blow  which  remained  would  not  blow  off  unless  it  were  opened  by  the  attendant,  because  it  was  weighed  down  by  two  bricks  attached  to  a  lever,  in  addition  to  an  iron  weight.  George  Wilson,  weaver,  deposed  to  hearing  Mr.  ilesketh  tell  Sharpies  ,one  day,  about  a  fortnight  before  the  explo explosion,  sion, explosion,  that  the  steam  was  too  high,  he  had  previously  ex examined  amined examined  the  indicator.  Six  o'clock  having  arrived,  the  inquiry  was  adjourned  un until  til until  Tuesday  next.  FOREIGN  HARBOUR  DIFFICULTIES.  We  have  received  the  following  communication,  which  we  willingly  insert  :  For  the  Benefit  of  all  whom  it  may  concern.  -  Ricninucro,  N.  8.,  Oct.  10th,  1853.  We,  the  undersigned,  ship-masters,  beg  leave  to  acquaint  the  public  of  the  present  state  of  Richibucto  Harbour.  The  entrance  to  the  port  is  impeded  by  a  Sand-Bar,  about  3,  miles  from  the  town  of  Liverpool.  It  is  stated  in  the  sailing  Direction  Book  for  this  coast,  that  the  depth  of  water  on  the  bar  is  132  feet  at  low,  and  172  feet  at  high highwater  water highwater  spring  tides.  We  find  that  vessels  drawing  12  feet  of  water  have  been  detained  several  weeks  for  want  of  suffi sufficient  cient sufficient  water  on  the  bar.  The  tides  are  more  or  less  influenced  by  winds.  As  the  entrance  is  exposed  to  heavy  gales  from  the  north-east,  it  has  occasioned  a  decrease  in  the  depth  of  water,  which  is  extremely  dangerous  to  vessels  drawing  above  12  feet  when  loaded,  as  they  must  complete  their  lading  outside  of  the  bar,  riding  in  an  open  sea!  so  that  if  it  blows  a  north-east  gale  a  vessel  must  unavoidably  go  on  shore—it  is  almost  impossible  to  escape.  There  are  no  less  than  ten  wrecks  at  the  entrance  of  said  harbour,  if  not  more.  We  would  recommend  masters  of  vessels  not  to  load  to  a  deeper  draft  than  11  feet  9  inches,  to  insure  their  going  over  the  bar  at  high-water  springs.  Another  danger  is,  when  outside  with  rafts  of  timber  or  deals  alongside,  that  it  often  occurs  the  last  tiers  of  the  rafts  are  lost,  in  consequence  of  the  heavy  swell  that  a  north-east  breeze  occasions,  which  separates  the  tiers  and  then  go  adrift.  Several  of  the  undersigned  have  been  waiting  for  a  con convenient  venient convenient  spring-tide  since  the  3rd  of  .September  last,  having  discharged  cargo  to  a  draft  under  12  feet  3  inches,  whilst  vessels  of  a  smaller  draft  have  come  in,  loaded,  and  sailed.  On  or  about  the  25th  September,  several  of  said  vessels  went  over  with  difficulty,  one  of  them,  Elizabeth  Grange,  took  ground  on  the  bar,  and  had  to  discharge  part  of  the  cargo.  On  the  29th,  four  of  the  above-mentioned  vessels,  with  an  inward-bound  ship  (the  Albion),  were  riding  outside,  when  a  heavy  north-east  storm  drove  four—viz.,  the  British  vessels  Albion,  Elizabeth  Grange,  brig  Adelaide,  and  the  Norwegian  barque  Fadresmindes—on  shore,  and  are  now  total  wrecks.  We  would,  therefore,  recommend  ship-owners  to  take  into  consideration  whether  it  is  profitable  to  send  vessels  here  of  a  greater  draft  than  previously  mentioned.  We  are  all  aware  that  time  is  and  expenses  incurred  by  detention  in  port  soon  deduct  a  portion  of  freight;  and  we  would  say,  if  assurance  associations  were  to  consider  the  loss  they  are  subject  to,  they  would  demand  of  the  province  of  New  Brunswick  some  improvement  to  the  harbour,  if  it  could  be  made.  We  have  not  the  least  doubt  but  it  could,  by  having  two,  or  even  one  steam-engine  employed  in  deep deepening  ening deepening  the  channel  during  the  season,  and  we  think  that  the  expense  incurred  by  said  boats  might  be  alleviated  by  the  trifling  charge  of  halfpenny  per  ton  register  on  every  vessel  frequenting  this  harbour.  We  conclude,  by  trusting  you  will  pass  by  all  errors  we  may  have  committed  in  this  badly  expressed  but  true  assertion.  Gentlemen,  we  remain,  a  few  of  the  many  that  complain  of  tie  disadvantages  of  this  port.  Here  follow  the  signatures.  La'  MONETARY  AND  0011111E110--  NO.  LIVERPOOL,  SUNDAY  ENrre'stera  Ourscotton  market  closed  steadily  J  ed  afternoon,  and  now  that  the  advices  rece_  .4  lv STYLE=superscript  u  gy  America  fully  confirm  the  reports  P  le STYLE=superscript  oo  ceived  respecting  the  frosts  which  ha  ve STYLE=superscript  g  isti  in  the  Southern  States,  a  considerable  aP  ec STYLE=superscript  .  n.  demand  may  be  looked  for  as  almost  certa  Les  ,  sales  on  Saturday  amounted  to  5,  000 STYLE=superscript  7  ia  tios  which  1,000  were  taken  for  export  and  sP  ee STYLE=superscript  .A  The  Liverpool  share  market  opened  W.  1 STYLE=superscript  ;0  little  activity,  but  improved  towards  the  aft  e STYLE=superscript  and  closed  with  considerable  firmness.  t  i  o  n  In  Manchester,  the  continued  comphe  e STYLE=superscript  .  tt  y  the  Eastern  quesfion—with  the  unc  ertain STYLE=superscript  events  which  it  entails,  operates  most  unfa  vc STYLE=superscript  t,  on  the  markets,  which  continues  to  increase.,:es  ness,  and  so  little  business  is  doing  that  P  rl STYLE=superscript  c  ,f  not  adequately  tested  to  give  true  quotation.siero  markets.  Some  spinners  . STYLE=superscript  will  accept  con  slu STYLE=superscript  es  (  less  than  others,  just  in  proportion  to  thei  r STYLE=superscript  t  e STYLE=superscript  pr  ral  ments.  The  firm  attitude  of  the  raw  0 STYLE=superscript  1  much  against  producers  of  good  qualities  o  c  o;  in  low  and  middle  numbers,  and  man)'  are  .  re  to#  templating  going  on  short  time,  as  they  working  to  a  loss,  instead  of  a  profit.  By  the  Royal  Mail  steamship  Asia,  oi.!,  rived  in  the  Mersey  this  morning,  we  ar  e STYLE=superscript  /  session  of  private  advices  to  the  2nd  instaut•dor  Asia  brings  •66  passengers  ,  and  986,  00° STYLE=superscript  .0rke  ; STYLE=superscript  ,  in  specie.  She  reports  the  4rctic  at  Nev.,,iyie`,  the  29th,  and  the  City  of  Manchester  at  r'  i  d  phia  on  the  30th  ult.  She  also  passed  the  steamship  about  twenty  hours'  sail  from  11°1 STYLE=superscript  ;0,  The  commercial  advices  by  this  arrival  are  peel'  was  The  crisis  in  the  New  York  money  - STYLE=superscript  ,  p  ecl'  was  felt  in  all  its  intensity.  The  banking  P  u  rt STYLE=superscript  .:  l  - STYLE=superscript  e  01: STYLE=superscript  were  said  to  be  anything  but  bright;  svPribe  4 STYLE=superscript  stock  market  remained  perfectly  inactive.  the  mand  for  exchange  for  remittance  by  1 STYLE=superscript  45  - STYLE=superscript  1;  was  not  active,  and  the  latest  quotatr  London  were  not  firm  at  109-  to  1  0 STYLE=superscript  ni;  American  bankers  are,  just  as  we  an  ti  c  ipated  time  since,  becoming  shippers  of  gold  to  fiy.  with  but  little  refe  r  ence  t  o  th  e  course  of  eS  e STYLE=superscript  tie  btl.  and  against  which  they  have  d  rawn  but  In  the  Corn-market,  a  great  advance  ioq'  took  place  on  the  arrival  of  the  .eireti  ts  e STYLE=superscript  '  m  cel'  i STYLE=superscript  !  advices  taken  out  by  that  vessel,  m  ust,  th  e STYLE=superscript  give  place  to  those  since  gone  out,  w  hich,  l STYLE=superscript  !  t`  turn,  will  produce  another  reaction.  meantime,  Wheat  is  said  to  have  attained  ;;;,ee  rates  than  for  the  last  six  years.  Prime  a  e STYLE=superscript  - STYLE=superscript  .o'  sold  as  dear  as  167  cents  ;  .Mi  c  higan,  1  6 STYLE=superscript  '  '  4 STYLE=superscript  ,  some  select  parcels  - STYLE=superscript  from  Canada  at  1  64 STYLE=superscript  Flour  brought  6  dollars  75  cents.  Frelic  ic  e  Europe  were  very  firm,  which  gave  confid  e STYLE=superscript  '6  o  o  the  . STYLE=superscript  export  calculations  in  breadstuffs.  e  o,  moved  steadily,  with  a  tendeney  to  fir'  prices.  The  export  value  of  the  late  crop'  was  was  given  on  official  data  at  109,646,357  d°  l STYLE=superscript  a,  under  the  general  calculation  by  about  40,  dollars.  Yesterday  in  London  the  English  stock  n  wore  a  most  extraordinary  aspect,  the  acili:of  rumours  from  the  East,  and  the  actual  pr'''  6  0  1 STYLE=superscript  the  war  in  Wallachia,  with  the  dogged  obly  of  the  Russian  Emperor,  all  augur  unfavoul  l STYLE=superscript  any  renewal  of  peaceable  relations.  The  report  is  again  freely  circulated  thatcrie  ment  will  be  called  together  at  an  early  0  deliberate  on  the  measures  necessary  to  ' STYLE=superscript  b  e STYLE=superscript  t.  which  seem  to  be  undecided  in  the  Cabi  ue STYLE=superscript  e  eg,  another  time  the  various  adverse  influe  il STYLE=superscript  t  e  work,  .  and  the  gloomy  character  of  the  1  3 STYLE=superscript  :  6  '  horizon  would  have  sent  Consols  down  to  ro  c  Di  owing  to  the  great  abundance  of  money,  c  ° STYLE=superscript  001  3  i.  with  the  nature  of  the  account,  v  a  t  he  kept  up  beyond  the  price  to  which  die/  he  fairly  entitled  under  present  circu°,  4  s STYLE=superscript  o'  Consols  opened  at  94  to  4.  for  money,  an STYLE=superscript  hero  .  ntt  y  cio9  e  2  t  icl  t  tvc  l  o  i  eo  e  lu.9  :  3ni  c  u.  ;  I  foi  the  6th  December,  lathough  there  ~,i  ld  e.!  few  fluctuations,  many  purchases  being,  0  ,  k  ll STYLE=superscript  both9 STYLE=superscript  o  l3  4 STYLE=superscript  p  e  l STYLE=superscript  e  nn  andmoney  steady  a  a  d  9 STYLE=superscript  t  y  34 STYLE=superscript  9s  a  a, STYLE=superscript  b  N STYLE=superscript  se  e STYLE=superscript  q  i STYLE=superscript  n  v STYLE=superscript  e  3 STYLE=superscript  n  i STYLE=superscript  tly  pe STYLE=superscript  b  r STYLE=superscript  e  c STYLE=superscript  tl  e STYLE=superscript  c  t  o  ti STYLE=superscript  R  ed STYLE=superscript  edu  fi STYLE=superscript  c  r STYLE=superscript  e  m STYLE=superscript  d  a STYLE=superscript  T  t STYLE=superscript  li  2 STYLE=superscript  r:e  i  .:  )I STYLE=superscript  :fr  h STYLE=superscript  94-&amp;  95  and  951;  sank  Stock  has  improve'  ic  eel'oe  a  rise  of  Three  per  cents  since  this  day  of,  of  consequence  of  the  favourable  naterkptoe  weekly  return  showing  an  increased  0  5°,  1  0  6 STYLE=superscript  bullion  in  its  coffers.  The  general  feat'  s STYLE=superscript  he  '  . STYLE=superscript  '  f  the,  returns  are  also  favourably  regarded.  n  ee  °pa  market  has  been  dull  to  day,  in  consecitl  e STYLE=superscript  wrs  4..  , STYLE=superscript  absence,  as  usual,  of  the  Hebrew  ope,  i STYLE=superscript  ftn,te  jobbers,  the  decline  is  about  10  to  1  i'iric  e STYLE=superscript  ,  - STYLE=superscript  NN  Great  8 STYLE=superscript  21;  e  L  ni  a  ,  n  2  cTi  l  dtr9i STYLE=superscript  r  411 STYLE=superscript  MA  .  a  1  1  d  d  l  a  Y  f STYLE=superscript  n  o  l STYLE=superscript  d  ° STYLE=superscript  r  s  Yorkshire'  s  f STYLE=superscript  6  ;  1 STYLE=superscript  1  6 STYLE=superscript  '  : STYLE=superscript  ::  a  :  ;  14  1  ° STYLE=superscript  l  l STYLE=superscript  terns,souti,  LonclOiNeter  - STYLE=superscript  WA94  ,  ,  .  T.  72-,  4.  , STYLE=superscript  6,  i  -  Newcastle  and  Berwick,  16  to  t;  York  9 STYLE=superscript  '  ll STYLE=superscript  lo  ll  o STYLE=superscript  Midland,  23t  24.  Branch  Shares  were,e  Aug  ,  ported,  California  mines  kept  up,  but  t'  ~c  a  rit  i STYLE=superscript  Ilan  Land  Company's  and  miscellaneou  s STYLE=superscript  5- STYLE=superscript  t  ,  ar  The  p  ape  heavy.  ai  l STYLE=superscript  II  ers  and  letters  by  the  overland  -  mLiogsi'  been  received.  The  exchanges  were  Pi''  .___  _  China—at  Canton  Os.,  Shanghae  7s.  ria,  A  Great  Exhibition  was  to  open  at  Ba,  the  10th  October.  The  Straits  papers  13 STYLE=superscript  '  3- STYLE=superscript  w  Indian  Government  for  allowing  so  val  ll3 STYLE=superscript  opportunity  to  pass  of  obtaining  tb  formation  of  the  products  and  re  source!  o  pe  v  Northern  lands  of  India,  by  not  appointillg  ect  itl  more  competent  parties  to  represent  the  1 STYLE=superscript  -lleeli!  of  India,  for  the  purpose  not  only  of  e  () STYLE=superscript  4  1P;  information,  but  to  encourage  these  e0  1 STYLE=superscript  °  11 STYLE=superscript  ;  (  45,  national  displays  of  the  industry  and  pre',.:  that  large  portion  of  the  Indian  $  (  B STYLE=superscript  ,,  the  dominion.  of  Holland.  Our  China  fil  es STYLE=superscript  g  l STYLE=superscript  .  the  28th  September;  the  shipping  at  Slli  - STYLE=superscript  to  0 STYLE=superscript  :,  amounted  to  14,653  tons,  at  Amoy  2,  85 STYLE=superscript  4  Whampoa  22,376  tons,  Hong  Kong  21,0  elf  r  j  The  total  quantity  of  mercantile  shipping  in  China,  exclusive  of  those  in  Macao,  tr  61,000  tons,  against  57,000  tons  atlastreP  ° STYLE=superscript  . STYLE=superscript  o6  l STYLE=superscript  i  Deogaum  was  loading  at  Whampoa,  and  tll  e STYLE=superscript  hi  ,  at  Shanghae,  for  Liverpool,  The  Nerbud  o STYLE=superscript  Cork,  sailed  September  Bth.  At  Shanghae,  was  at  a  stand  still,  owing  to  the  outbrea  t STYLE=superscript  'V  1,100,000  pounds  of  all  ki  n  d  s  of  tea  had  b  e STYLE=superscript  ;  00;  ported  from  Ist  July  to  September  21st,  11, STYLE=superscript  more  than  tenth  that  quantity  at  the  sam  e STYLE=superscript  ,V STYLE=superscript  ti,j  last  year.  The  Americans  had  been  pmt  s  7  largely  in  green  tea.  In  raw  silk  the  exlv  3r STYLE=superscript  been  15,500  bales  against  13,700  last  seasee:d  At  Singapore  the  Plantaganet  was  loaal'e'rev,  Liverpool,  exchanges  on  England  6  to  8 STYLE=superscript  f  1,  1,  4  bills,  ss.  4d,  ;  freights  to  London  or  Liverpe,,,dirj,  £3  2s.  to  £3.  55..  The  Euphrates  and  1  1 STYLE=superscript  '&#34;  e0  6  ,  7 STYLE=superscript  Kersa  had  arrived  from  Liverpool  with  y  cargoes.  The  money  market  was  very  tigh  t STYLE=superscript  ',  toi  The  Ceylon  papers  report  the  coffee  erer,  tt  ea  f  smaller  than  usual,  the  deficiency  is  estia  l} STYLE=superscript  e  ll  a STYLE=superscript  j  40,000  cwt.  The  prospects  for  next  year  fl  oi  iir;j,  ever  stated  to  be  good.  The  Legislative  ,9  has  been  debating  an  amended  Insolven  cy STYLE=superscript  and  an  assessment  Tax-bill.  il3  l STYLE=superscript  The  want  of  rain  throughout  the  greater  of  the  North-west  Provinces  of  India,  has  I:,  tilo  many  districts  to  the  verge  of  famine.  I:  ll STYLE=superscript  `f.ft!'i  periodical  rains  ceased  about•  the  middleuea  instead  of  lasting  to  the  end  of  August.  .  t  )  season  crop  has  therefore  been  entirely  los  t STYLE=superscript  ifil  o  f  least  favoured  districts,  and  we  are  threate  n STYLE=superscript  0 STYLE=superscript  d  tjti  a  repetition  of  the  appalling  scenes  of  1  83 STYLE=superscript  o  accounts  from  Agra,  Gwalior,  Hissar,  an,  he  place  are  very  distressing,  and  unless  weather  rains  set  in  earlier  than  usual,  fai.li  eit  t;i  lt  prevail  throughout  the  land.  Already  NV STYLE=superscript  ,  '  l STYLE=superscript  ,,  fa  d  grain  are  selling  at  Delhi  at  22  seers  for  ta'  f  io  e STYLE=superscript  and  in  the.  neighbourhood  of  Allyghur  the  P STYLE=superscript  ,  1  1  grain  has  risen  to  15  seers.  tt  4 STYLE=superscript  '  The  Governor  General  remains  at  Cal  e STYLE=superscript  l  j  it  is  thought  that  recent  melancholy  ev  e STYLE=superscript  itt  t  ie  render  necessary  his  Lordship's  presen  ce STYLE=superscript  /0P  North-  - STYLE=superscript  west  Provinces,  and  perhaps  on  th  e STYLE=superscript  hl  ,  itself.  The  Commander-in-Chief  is  at  In  the  general  business  of  the  port  of  -  1- STYLE=superscript  '  o  ,t,i,'ol  during  the  past  week,  there  has  been  much  A  O?,  L'c  particularly  in  some  branches  of  trade,  tli'  o  V  i  e  f  having  considerably  increased.  The  il  li STYLE=superscript  c  et  tf  ol  vessels  reported  inwards  was  307,  by  all  i11 STYLE=superscript  ,  0  ,0  0 STYLE=superscript  /0  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  117  over  the  previous  week.  The  total  (I STYLE=superscript  ,..  t STYLE=superscript  it  't  0) STYLE=superscript  (  00  grain  imported  is  more  than  double  t'-`  O  l  l,l STYLE=superscript  previous  week,  being  76,955  quarters,  lo  re  0  0;  49,472  quarters  of  wheat.  In  addition  ,s'ffte.teil  6,394bafTels  of  American,  and  6,40  8 STYLE=superscript  sa  ek STYLE=superscript  !  e  v STYLE=superscript  reP  e STYLE=superscript  i  r STYLE=superscript  te  il STYLE=superscript  o  and  Spanish  flour.  Of  sugar  there  w  el STYLE=superscript  s  ks  ;  e STYLE=superscript  ct  A  11,341  bags,  1,132  hogsheads,  and  289 STYLE=superscript  1  1  ,70  1  1,  4  17,110  packages;  of  coffee  508  bags  , STYLE=superscript  a11,`,  10  no  t STYLE=superscript  o  ol  and  cases  ;  and  of  hops  867  bales.  dl  9 STYLE=superscript  of  vessels  cleared  outwards  was  125, STYLE=superscript  be STYLE=superscript  ll STYLE=superscript  sot  than  the  previous  week.  tati°ll6Put'  The  following  are  the  latest  g  lo STYLE=superscript  b  0  ,  Bourse,  Amsterdam,  November  llt  3  SP  ei STYLE=superscript  .  a  irl°  6  ;  921;  2i  ditto,  16  15-16;  1  Spain,  6  21 STYLE=superscript  140  P  1  6  9  4,  terior,  441  ;  ditto,  Coupons,  5  L  ose  , STYLE=superscript  C  tii STYLE=superscript  A  6 STYLE=superscript  l  ; STYLE=superscript  tr  N STYLE=superscript  ia  e STYLE=superscript  n  vi STYLE=superscript  A  M STYLE=superscript  le  e STYLE=superscript  ta  xi STYLE=superscript  i  1  18 STYLE=superscript  1  ;  American  Bank,  31-;  Cha  n STYLE=superscript  g  11-65.  j  a  ci  n  u  ,  e  2  s  3  ,  ,;76N  6P:gertnlei  P2_TB00068 r  e  t  ass  hal"
