text
"i  n  seasons  such  as  the  present,  or  when  a  victim  is  dragged  up  to  the  'bar  of  justice,  that  the  folly  of  the  one  and  the  danger  of  the  other  is  discovered.  It  behoves  .  us  then,  as  an  .  organ  of  Trade,  and  as  a  warm  -and  sincere  advocate  of  Industry,  to  warn  both  the  working-man  and  the  employer  when  we  see  danger  impending.  A  season  is,  in  fact,  ap approaching,  proaching, approaching,  when  we  believe  it  will  be  as  difficult  to  find  remunerative  employment  for  captital  as  it  is  at  present  to  decide  the  actual  value  of  labour.  Meanwhile  the  two  contending  interests  will  lose  nothing  by  giving  a  little  attention  to  the  law,  as  it  is  laid  down  in  extenso  in  another  column,  under  the  head  •of  The  Recorder  of  London  on  Strikes  and  THE  STEAM  SHIP  GREAT  BRITAIN.—The  steam  ship  Great  Britain,  hence  for  Australia,  was  spoken  on  the  7th  ult.,  in  lat.  4.  00.  S.,  long.  27.  00.  W.,  by  the  lanthe,  which  arrived  at  Cork,  from  Buenos  Ayres  on  Monday.  She  had  no  steam  up,  but  was  making  way  under  canvass.  BANKRUPTCY  COURT.—DAGNALL  AND  FAIRCLOUGH.  —ln  this  case  the  bankrupt  Fairclough  passed  his  examina examination  tion examination  before  Mr.  Commissionor  Stevens,  yesterday.  Last  evening  a  meeting  of  shipwright's  appren apprentices  tices apprentices  was  held  in  the  Assembly-rooms,  Circus-street.  The  meeting  was  held  with  closed  doors.  •  •  THE  WIGAN  STRIKE.—At  the  New  Bailey  Ses Sessions,  sions, Sessions,  at  Manchester  on  Monday,  Capt.  Woodford,  the  head  of  the  Lancashire  constabulary,  informed  the  magi magistrates  strates magistrates  that  he  had  reason  to  believe  that  the  striJe  of  colliers  at  Wigan  would  soon  end,  by  arrangement  between  the  masters  and  the  men.  •  ARRIVAL  OF  MRS.  T.  F.  MEAGHER—Mrs.  T.  F.  Meagher,  wife  of  the  Irish  rebel,  accompanied  by  her  father fatherin-law,'  in-law,' fatherin-law,'  Mr.  Meagher,  M.P.  for  Waterford,  arrived  in  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  on  Saturday  night,  by  the  America.  Mrs  ;  Meagher,  has  been  ordered  to  Europe  in  consequence  of  the  delicate  state  of  her  health.  Messrs.  R.  Benn,  G.  H.  Laurence,  James.Mellor,  S.  H;  Thompson  W.  R.  Sandbach,  William  Lowe,  John  Mather,  and  Matthew  Gregson,  were  appointed  by  the  magistrates  to  supply  the  vacancies  under  the  income  and  property  tax.  MR.  H.  BOLENO'S  BENEFIT.—This  celebrated  Clown  took  his  farewell  benefit  last  night,  in  the  Amphi Amphitheatre,  theatre, Amphitheatre,  previous  to  his  departure  for  London.  The  house  was  crowded  to  excess,  and  the  performance,  which  were  admirably  rendered,  were  enthusiastically  received.  BRUTAL  TREATMENT  OF  A  Bov.—Yesterday  morn morning,  ing, morning,  about  two  o'clock,  a  boy,  named  John  Reilly,  called  at  the  police  office,  and  stated  that  he  had  been  beaten  in  'a  house  where  he  was  lodging,  in  Thomas-street.  It  appeared  that  he  was  in  bed,  when  a  row  having  taken  place  in  the  house,  some  of  the  other  lodgers  in  the  place  violently  as assaulted  saulted assaulted  him.  The  police  had  him  taken  to  the  Northern  Hospital,.  where  it  was  found  that  some  of  his  ribs  were  broken,  and  his  lip  dreadfully  torn.  ATTEMPTND  SUICIDE.—On  Monday  night,  about  12  o'clock.  a  married  woman  named  Amelia  Titherington,  about  48  years  of  age,  living  at  No.  4  Court,  Brownlow  Hill,  jumped  into  the  canal,  near  Burlington  Bridge,  with  the  attention  of  committing  suicide.  She  was  taken  out  by  a  man  passing  by,  who  gave  her  in  charge  to  the  police,  by  whom  she  was  conveyed  to  the  Northern  Hospital,  in  a  very  exhausted  state.  DARING  GAROTTE  ROBBERY  LAST  NIGHT.—An  old  than  from  Wales,  named  Peter  Roberts,  was  - STYLE=superscript  passing  thiwn  Water  street  last  night,  about:  quarter  to  eight  o'clock,  when  he  was  accosted  by  a  woman,  who  asked  him  for  a  glass  of  ale.  Immediately  afterwards,  one  man  and  two  women  came  up,  when  the  man  struck  him  in  the  ear  and  knocked  him  down  and  half  strangled  him,  whilst  the  party  robbed  him  of  his  watch  and  2s.  4d.  The  poor  old  man  was  lame  and  blind  of  one  eye.  ELECTION  OF  MEMBERS  OF  THE  LOCAL  MARINE  BOARD.—Yesterday,  the  following  gentlemen  were  elected  members  of  the  Local  Marine  Board,  by  the  rate-payers  :  Messrs.  John  Palmer  Palmer,  Wm.  Mann,  S.  R.  Graves,  W.  J.  Tomlinson,  James  Bazley,  and  Joseph  Mandell.  Four  additional  members  are  to  be  nominated  by  govern government  ment government  but  the  names'  of  the  gentlemen  selected  have  not  yet  transpired._  MEETING  OF  THE  PROPRIETORS  OF  THE  LIVERPOOL  HIDE,  SKIN,  AND  FAT  MARKET  COMPANY.—The  fifth  general  annual  meeting  of  the  above  company  was  held  yesterday  evening,  -at  6  o'clock,  Mr.  James  Hall,  chairman.  The  meeting  proceeded  to  pass  the  accounts  of  the  company  and  to  elect  five  directors  and  one  auditor.  The  cash  account  of  the  company  was  very  satisfactory,  and  a  dividend  of  12  per  cent.  was  announced,  and  paid  by  the  secretary.  The  „directors'  report  was  unanimously  passed  and  confirms  1,  and  reference  to  the  accounts  was  a  very  excellent  proof  of  the  stability  of  their  undertaking.  _  _  _  ACCIDENTS  YESTERDAY.—A  man  named  John  Butcher,  a  labourer  on'  the  Lancashire  . STYLE=superscript  and  Yorkshire  Rail Railway,  way, Railway,  got  his  leg  severely  crushed  yesterday  between  two  waggons,  near  the  station  in  Tithebarn-street.—A  boy  named  William  Dirking,  an  apprentice  on  board  the  ship  Hibernia,  fell  off  the  galley  on  the  deck,  and  broke  his  leg.  —A  brass  finisher  '  named  Graham  M'Cormack,  whilst  work working,  ing, working,  at  Mr.  Foster's  foundry,  in  Paisley-street,  fell  through  a  trap  to  the  floor  below,•therebyprodUcing  a  severe  concussion  of  the  spike.—Yesterday  afternoon,  a  labourer  named  Edward  Noble,  was  working  in  the  hold  of  the  ship  Andrew  Foster,  at  present  lying  in  the  Bramley  Moor  dock,  when  a  bale  of  goods  fell  upon  him  from  the  main  deck,  by  which  he  was  seriously  injured.  THE  PILGRIM  FATHERS.—Last  evening  the  Rev.  H.  S.  Brown  delivered  his  lecture  on  the  Pilgrim  in  illustration  of  the  grand  Historical  Painting  now  exhibit exhibiting  ing exhibiting  in  Church-street.  Blackburn,  Esq.  presided,  and  opened  the  proceedings  in  an  eloquent  speech.  We  noticed  on  the  platform,  C.  Robertson,  Esq.  ;  James  Stitt,  Es  9.  ;  John  Houghton,  Esq.  ;  J.  It.  Jeffery,  Esq.  ;  John  Harrison,  Esq.  and  others.  We  understand  that  Mr.  Brown  has  kindly  consented  to  re-deliver  his  lecture  on  Thursday  evening,  in  connection  with  the  Sunday  School  Institute,  and  from  the  crowded  state  of  the  hall  last  evening,  and  the  numbers  who  went  away,  we  anticipate,  a  full  attendance.  THE  LATE  SCENE  AT  ST.  MICHAEL'S  CHURCH.—  In  our  report  of  the  scene  which  occurred'  on  Sunday  last,  during  divine  service  in  St.  Michael's  Church,  Pitt-street  there  were,  we  regret  to  say,  one  or  two  mis-statements,  arising,  not  from  any  fault  on  our  part,  for  we  applied  to  what  we  considered  to  be  the  proper  quarter  for  our  infor information,  mation, information,  and  were  refused  it,  and  consequently  had  to  get  it  as  best  we  could  from  parties  who  had  witnessed  the  scene.  Mr.  Alderman  Laurence  was  not  in  the  church,  as  we  were  led  to  believe,  when  the  occurrence  referred  to  took  place,  nor  has  he  taken  any  part  in  the  affairs  of  St.  Michael's  Church  one  way'  or  the  other  for  some  years  past.  The  worthy  Alderman's  identity  was  mistaken  ;  confounded  with  his  brother  who  was  present.  The  curate  of  St.  .Mark's  should  have  been  the  curate  of  St.  Martin's.  DEATH  FROM  THE  INCAUTIOUS  USE  OF  PAREGORIC.--  On  Sunday  morning  a  child  of  eight  weeks  old  .  ,  I  named  William  Henry  Holden  '  son  of  Joseph  Holden,  painter,  of  Alcock's-buildings,  Morley-street,  Kirkdale,  died,  having  been  during  the  night  before  in  a  state  of  apoplectic  sleep.  It  appeared  that  on  the  previous  evening,  the  mother  of  the  child,  Agnes  Holden,  sent  a  person  named  Harriet  Woods  to  the  shop  of  Mr.  Baskerville,  druggist,  of  55,  Kirkdale Kirkdaleroad,  road, Kirkdaleroad,  for  two  pennyworth  of  tincture  of  rhubarb  and  pare paregoric,  goric, paregoric,  and  the  mother  first  remarked  that  she  did  not  think  the  messenger  had  brought  back  the  right  stuff,  because  it  was  too  bitter.  The  messenger-  returned  to  the  shop  of  Mr.  Baskerville,  who  would  not  look  at  the  mixture—but  told.  the  woman  it  was  all  right;  the  mother  then  gave  a  table tablespoonful  spoonful tablespoonful  of  the  mixture  to  the  child,  mixed  with  some  sugar  and  water,  and  then,  at  a  little  after  eight  she  went  out  to  market  ;  when  she  returned,  'she  found  the  child  ill,  and  sent  for  Dr.  Parker,  who  used  every  means  that  skill  could  devise,  but  the  child  died  on  Sunday  morning.  At  the  coroner's  inquest  yesterday,  the  druggist  gave  evidence  to  the  effect.  that  he  had  on  Saturday  night  sold  two  penny.  worth  of  tincture  of  rhubarb  and  paregoric  in  equal  quanti quantities,  ties, quantities,  to  Harriet  Woods,  and  that  he  had  frequently  sold  her  the  same  quantity  before  ;  she  did  not  say  whether  it  wes  for  a  grown  person  or  child.  He  had  sold  large  quantities  of  this  mixture,  lately  .  for  diarrhoea,  and  did  not  think  it  necessary  to  ask  Who  it  was  for.  There  was  a  grain  of  opium  in  half  an  ounce  of  paregoric,  and  he  said  further,  that  there  would  be  sufficient  'opium  in  a  tea  spoonful  of  de  mixture,  to  cause  the  death  'of  so  young  'a  child.  The  jut)  , STYLE=superscript  in  returning'  the  verdict,  said  that  they  thought  there  wis  negligence  on  the  part  of  the  druggist  in  not  inquiring  fr  whom  the  mixture  was  intended.  The  coroner  said  that  the  only  difference  between  and  manslaughter  was  that  the  negligence  that  sets  up  one,  must  be  gross  negligence  to  set  up  the  other.  It  would  have  been  in  every  way  .  better  for  tlie  drugOst  to  have  made  this  very  necessary  inquiry.  To  make  it  in  every  case  ;  could  in  to  way  injure  his  business,  but  instead  of  that,  might  increase  it  by  increasing  public  confidence,  The  verdict  was  chanso  THE  GRAND  ORCHESTRAL  UNION  OF  LONDON  'gam  a  grand  Concert  last  evening,  in  the  Philharmonic  Hall.  FURTHER  PROROGATION  OF  PARLIAMENT.—At  the  Privy  Council  held  at  Windsor  Castle  on  Monday,  Par Parliament  liament Parliament  was  ordered  to  be  further  prorogued,  from  Thursday  next,  the  27th  instant,  until  the  29th  of  November.  Despatches  were  received  at  the  Colonial  Ofhe  yesterday  morning  from  the  Lord  High  Commissioner  of  the  lonian  Islands.  It  is  said  that  when  the  Emperor  of  Russia  70,-  fused  the  cushion  offered  to  him  at  Olmutz  to  kneel  on  at  the  religious  service,  he  said  :  I  am  dust  like  other  man,  and  I  shall  return  to  dust.  Before  God  and  the  church  ill  men  are  Captain  Julius  Roberts,  of  the  Royal  Marine  Artillery,  is  announced  in  opposition  to  General  Buckley  for  the  vacant  seat  of  Salisbury  .  ,  Ceptain  Roberts  comes  for forward  ward forward  on  principles.  JUSTICE  TO  SCOTLAND.—The  Earl  of  Eglinton  has  consented  to  preside  over  a  public  meeting  which  is  to  be  held  in  the  Music-hall,  Edinburgh,  on  the  evening  of  Wad Wadnesday,  nesday, Wadnesday,  Navember  2,  for  the  vindication  of  Scottish  rigits.  —Scotsman."
