text
"offered  on  thepart  of  the  Russian  troops  cumstance  is  accounted  for  owing  to  the  (  Prince  GORTSCHAKOFF  is  said  to  msess  in  tas  superior.  military  skill,  as  well  as  regard  cipation  of  the  upshot  of  this  terrible  There  are  rumours  of  a  special  Ambs  lclor  being  ordered  to  the  PORTE  Considerable  anxiety  prevails  in  the  Metr(  in  consequence  of  this  fresh  intelligence,  for,whi  the  public  mind  had  been  altoget  aer  unprepared,  as  an  armistice  was  considered  to  have  been  con  eluded,  in  order  to  allow  time  for  what  was  gene-  rally  believed  would  have  proved  a  successful  negotiation.  WE  have  been  favoured  by  the  Chairman  of  the  Library  and  Museum  with  the  current  Report  of  the  Institution,  upon  which  we  venture  to  offer  a  few  strictures  suggested  by  a  perusal  of  the  same.  Perhaps  there  never  was  a  time  when  philan  thropy  was  more  misdirected,  or  when  ch  obtained  to  such  an  extent,  as  the  present  Quad  nostrums  and  jim-crack  panaceas  are  unfortunately  too  much  the  order  of  the  day,;  and  whilst  &#34;HOLLOWAY'S  WAY'S &#34;HOLLOWAY'S  and  similar  infallible  remedies  are  announced  for  all  the  ills  that  flesh  is  heir  there  are  not  wanting  patent  elixirs  for  mental  and  social  infirmities—perseverance  in  the  use  of  which  being  the  only  condition  of  cure  !  As  far  as  we  ourselves  are  concerned,  we  have  little  faith  in  either,  considering  it  bett(  the  ills  we  have  Than  fly  to  others  that  we  know  not  of  Free  Libraries  for  the  people  cannot,  however,  be  regarded  in  a  similar  point  of  view.  Provided  that  the  benevolent  sentiment  does•  not  rest  satis-  fled  with  this  one  object,  we  hail  such  institutions  as  appropriately  meeting  a  most  decided  want.  Still  we  must  confess,  that  there  does  exist  danger  of  philanthropy  being  contented  with  thi  singlE  achievement.  Of  course,  tis  a  very  desirable  ob object  ject object  that  the  artizan  class  should  have  every  facility  afforded  them  for  obtaining  information.  But  we  all  know  well  enough  that  there  must  exist  neces necessary  sary necessary  conditions  ere  such  a  boon  can  either  be  appreciated  or  become  generally  acceptable.  Whilst  the  working  classes  of  this  country  are  ill-fed  and  ill-lodged,  there  is  little  hope  of  their  cultivatin  to  any  considerable  extent,  literary  tastes  whilst  we  should  much  regret  to  undervalue  an  object  so  utilitarian  as  the  general  establishment  of  Free  Libraries,  we  yet  conceive  that  the  frequent  erection  of  model-lodging  houses  and  public  ba  would  be  more  essentially  conducive  to  th  nutan  condition  and  social  progress  of  the  int  Were  physical  comforts  more  highly  estimated,  and  the  lawn  of  health  more  generally  complied  with,  intellectual  culture  would  become  a  necessity—and  the  majority  of  those  who  now  seek  the  tavern  ane  the  tap-room  as  a  refugium  peccatorurn  would,  it  all  probability,  resign  a  polluted  atmosphere  o:  tobacco-fume  and  unlimited  potations  of  and 'halfand'  for  less  debasing  and  unprofitable  indulgences.  We  are  glad,  nevertheless,  to  find  that  the  esta establishment  blishment establishment  of  a  Free  Library  in  Liverpool  has  not  proved  a  failure.  The  experiment  has  only  been  tried  twelve  months;  and  although  no  great  hopes  were  entertained,  at  the  outset,  of  its  success,  experience  now  warrants  a  different  conclusion.  We  cannot  do  better  than  give  the  following  particulars  from  the  Report  itself  :  The  Library  was  opened  on  the  18th  of  October,  1852.  From  that  period  down  to  the  same  datt,  of  the  prooont  year  there  have  been  issued  to  readers  the  number  of  111,723  volumes;  in  addition  to  which  there  have  been  16,960  read readers  ers readers  of  periodical  publications  which  are  left  lying  on  the  tables,  making  a  total  of  works  perused  of  128,683.  The  average  nnmber  of  books  issued  per  diem  is  394,  and  of  readers  of  periodicals  80.  Assuming  the  average  number  of  books  in  the  Library  during  the  year  to  have  been  10,000,  which  is  near  the  truth,  the  numbers  issued  are  equivalent  to  every  book  in  the  Library  having  been  read  thirteen  times  over  during  that  time.  Gratifying  as  the  result  must  be,  it  does  not  fairly  represent  the  demand  for  the  advantages  of  the  Library.  The  utmost  number  which  the  present  rooms  can  accommodate  at  one  time,  even  with  inconvenient  crowd crowding,  ing, crowding,  is  140  to  160  persons.  In  the  evening,  which  is  of  course  the  principal  time  for  readers,  the  rooms  are  always  filled,  frequently  crowded  to  a  most  inconvenient  extent.  The  discomfort  arising  from  this  source,  and  from  the  stifling  atmosphere  which  the  frequenters  of  the  rooms  have  to  submit  to  in  consequence,  is.a  sufficient  evidence  of  the  avidity  with  which  the  inhabitants  avail  themselves  of  the  advantages  of  the  Institution.  So  far  the  result  is  most  gratifying,  and  fully  warrants  those  further  measures  which  are  being  adopted  for  the  extension  of  so  manifest  an  advan advantage  tage advantage  to  the  labouring  classes.  We  only  hope  that  those  for  whose  direct  benefit  it  is  intended,  will  appreciate  the  same  commensurately  with  its  worth,  and  seize  Time  by  the  in  order  to  bring  themselves  within  the  range  of  its  operation.  Although  we  perceive,  by  the  excellent  classi classification  fication classification  given  in  the  Report,  that  works  of  light  literature  form  nearly  one-half  of  the  books  read— readby  by readby  the  way,  not  an  unhealthy  sign  in  itself—still  the  number  of  readers  requiring  a  higher  range  of  instruction,  are  not  at  all  inconsiderable  Work  on  Metaphysics,  Natural  Philosophy,  Law,  Poli.  tics,  &amp;c.,  are  in  repeated  requisition,  and  certainly  show  a  higher  condition  of  intellect  amongst  the  masses  than  one  would  be  disposed  to  give  them  credit  for.  We  have  not  the  slightest  doubt  bu  that,  under  certain  conditions,  the  working  class  would  rise  greatly  in  the  social  scale  As  it  i  there  are  but  too  many  potent  influences  perpetu•  ally  and  imperceptibly  at  work,  to  disease  their  bodies  and  debase  their  minds.  And  it  is  pretty  clear  that  none  but  themselves  can  become  their"
