text
"cover  coml.,  In  the  ano.  some  men  oa  board  the.  •  he  latter  oalled  the  pl  daisy,  I  want  von.'  to  strike  hint,  who,  as  was  plaintiff  broke  I  cJmpensation.  the  defendant  v  was  argued  tha  lot  the  cause  of  the  fracture,  but  that  i  ploy  the  stret  wher  e  fall  tk  defence  had  arisen  in  the  man,  named  ITGowen,  were  coming  out  of  a  public—hous  in  Denison-street,  when  the  former  began  to  wits  the  latter,  when  he  fell  and  broke  his  leo.  Verdict  for  the  ro-*  e  following  manner  :—The  plaintiff  d  concluded  the  busiiiess  of  e  court  acvidentally  ff';  darn  This  cast  POLICE  COURT.  t  BIGANit  alias  (Mine,  v  brought  up  -- STYLE=superscript  . STYLE=superscript  .0  , STYLE=superscript  ..--  STERDAY  of  ycrerday  R.  CHARLE  ;E  AGAINST  A  is  of  thE  uck  anne  CIIALoNE  .)  —Anne  Li  ed  in-our-Pap  utbb  nwiTmuu  was  in  attendance,  and  a  witness,  named  Bridget  Kavanagh,  proved  she  was  present  at  the  marriage.  Another  girl,  named  Catherine  liartin,  stated  she  was  present  in  July  last,  when  the  prisoner  was  married  to  Clin  who  is  now  at  sea.  'The  . STYLE=superscript  prisoner  was  sent  for  trial.  following  strange  not  mentioned  in  court,  in  facts,  in  refs  prisoner  had  rence  to  t  1  be  relied  on  a  sponsor  for  an  iUe  s  case,  although  authentic.  The  e  child  of  certain  young  Woman  the  child  's  husband  w  TRADE  REPORT.  --.FRIDAY,  Corrox  :  The  Cotton  market  during  the  past  week  has  been  exceedingly  depressed;  the  late  heavy  import  has  been  freely  offered,  and  in  some  quarters  sales  have  been  effected,  at  low  and  irregular  rates.  The  demand  for  American  continues  moderate,  and  buyers  have  great  choic  e  ,  at  id  per  lb  b  e  l  ow  l  as  t  week  '  s  currency.  Brazil  and  Ezyptian  are  very  difficult  of  sale,  at  fully  per  lb  declink  Surat  in  fair  request,  at  k  - STYLE=superscript  d  per  lb  concession.  The  weekly  sales  are  45,020  bales,  of  which  2750  are  on  speculation,  and  3890  are  for  export.  This  w  Sea  Island  1  .  2592  I  Upland  PricespaidCunt,  Prices.l  this  week-  arid.  Fair.  1  Stocks,  /1  I  51  232410  5  7-16  6  I  3  15-161  41.840  price  re  Foreign  -"
