text
"LONDON  GAZETTE  ALBERT  MEW,  Upper  • STYLE=superscript  -street,  Islington,  licensed  viotualler.  ROBERT  HUGHES,  Bury,  Lancashire,  paper  manufacturer.  JO37TH  CLAYWORTH,  Gracrchurh-street,  City,  poulterer.  SAMUEL  BENTLEY,  Woodhouse,  Lecester Lecestershire,  shire, Lecestershire,  dealer  in  general  hosiery.  JOHN  HENRY  TRUSCOTT,  Sutherland-terrace,  East  Brixton,  Surrey,  stationer.  BENJ.  FARMER,  Bristol,  builder.  HENRY  FAIRWEATHER,  Nor-  wich,  upholsterer  and  cabinet  maker.  SAMUEL  EAR'VES,  Oldbury,  Worcestershire,  draper,  GEORGE  WELLS,  Wor Worcester,  cester, Worcester,  licensed  victualler.  Gito.  THOMAS  BATE,  West  Bromwich,  Staffordshire,  grocer  and  provision  merchant.  WILD  lAM  SHIRCLTFF,  Longborougb,  and  Quorndord,  Leicestershire,  manufacturer  of  hosiery.  JAMES  FRASER,  Lower  Thames-street,  wine,  spirit,  and  beer  merchant.  Jsmas  REYNOLDS  Gummow,  Wrexham,  Denbighshire,  builder.  FRA.XCIS  Dusx.E.  Willand,  Devonshire,  innkeeper.  Euw.  LEECE,  Whittle-le-Woods,  Lancashire,  cotton  spinner  and  manufacturer.  THE  WAn  ComstmEE.—Yeaterday,  a  meeting  of  Cabi Cabinet  net Cabinet  Ministers  was  held  at  the  War  Department  --there  were  present  Viscount  Palmerston,  Lord  Panmure,  Earl  Gran Granville,  ville, Granville,  Sir  George  Grey  and  Sir  Charles  Wood.  There  were  also  present  his  . STYLE=superscript  Royal  Highness  the  Duke  of  Cambridge,  Sir  Edmund  Lyons,  Admiral  Dundas,  General  Airey,  Sir  Harry  Jones,  and  Lord  Harding°.  The  meeting  sat  up upwards  wards upwards  of  three  hours.  On  dit  in  the  clubs  that  Sir  George  Grey  is  likely  soon  to  resign  the  Hotnp-office,  in  favour  of  the  present  Attorney Attorneygeneral,  general, Attorneygeneral,  Sir  Alexander  Cockburn.  In  this  event  Sir  Richard  Bethel'  would  become  Attorney  -general,  and  the  vacant  Solicitor-generalship  would  be  conferred  on  Mr.  Collier,  Q.C.,  the  able  member  for  Plymouth.  It  is  also  rumoured  that  Sir  John  Jervis,  the  present  Chief  Justice  of  the  Common  Pleas,  is  to  be  raised  to  the  upper  house  with  a  life  peerage,  and  to  be  succeeded  on  the  bench  by  Sir  Frederick  Thesiger  --T --T  The  Actandard  of  last  night  has  the  following  A  rumour  has  prevailed  during  the  last  two  days,  to  which  we  are  inclined  to  attribute  a  considerable  degree  of  credit,  however  wonderful  and  almost  incredible  it  may  appear.  It  is  said  that  ministers  intend  to  move  the  adjournment  of  Parliament  for  a  fortnight  immediately  on  the  opening  of  the  houses.  The  declared  ground  of  this  extraordinary  proceeding  is,  the  fear  entertained  lest  ministers  should  be  embarrassed  by  annoying  and  injudicious  questions,  whilst  the  negotiations  at  Paris  are  going  on.  In  that  case  we  shall  very  probably  be  without  a  Parliament  for  the  next  six  months.  For  ourselves,  we  have  such  con confidence  fidence confidence  in  the  patriotism  of  Parliament,  that  we  do  not  apprehend  an  y  di  sas  t  rous  conseque  nces  from  th  e  exerc  i  se  ofits  constitutional  powers.  Ministers  are,  no  doubt,  as  the  ra  andxatotuesgagetnopeopseluit  off  the  evil  day  when  they  must  give  account  of  th  e  f  a  ll  of  Bars,  and  other  d  i  sasters,  as  well  t  b  m  le  i  r  a  b  n  u  a  t  g  t  e  h  m  e  en  c  t  on  o  ny  of  the  i  w  ll  a  n  r,  ot  to  be  as  di  d  s  i  p  s  o  ta  se  n  d  t  to  gratify  th  em  at  the  expense  of  a  fortnight's  precious  time  of  the"
