text
"illustrations,  concluded  with  an  eloquent  defence  of  the  tem temperance  perance temperance  cause  as  a  truly  Scriptural  movement,  and  a  warm  invocation  for  the  sympathy  and  the  advocacy  of  the  christian  church.  Enthusiastic  applause  greeted  him  as  he  resumed  his  seat.  _  _  It  was  annonnced  by  the  chairman,  that  Mr.  Gough  would  address  a  meeting  of  ladies  in  that  room,  at  twelve  o'clock  this  day.  The  chairman  proposed  the  thanks  of  the  meeting  to  Mr.  Gough,  which  were  accorded  by  acclamation.  Thanks  were  also  passed,  on  the  motion  of  Rev.  Francis  Bishop,  to  the  chairman.  The  assembly  then  dispersed.  MEETING  OF  CREDITORS  AT  THE  MALVCHES MALVCHESTHE  THE MALVCHESTHE  DISTRICT  COURT  OF  BANKRUPTCY.  MONDAY,  19th  DECEMBER.  :—Bladon  and  Coates,  Stuff  Merchants,  Manchester,  assignees,  12;  John  Lowther  Ward,  Cotton  Spinner,  Fullage,  Burnley,  assignees,  12.  TUESDAY,  20th  :--William  Bennett,  Cotton-spinner,  Hebden  Bridge,  Horwich,  petition,  11  ;  Isaac  Fineberg,  Jeweller,  &amp;c.,  Manchester,  adjd.  last  examination,  12  ;  Joiihua  Bowker,  Innkeeper,  Hyde,  dividend,  12.  WEDNESDAY,  2lst  :—Hetherington  and  Scholes,  Joiners  and  Builders,  Manchester,  certificate,  12  ;  Thomas  Lawson,  Draper,  Bury,  dividend,  12  ;  Peter  Bury,  Calico  Printer,  Manchester,  audit,  12;  William  Salmon,  Leather-seller,  ditto  12;  Wm.  Hough,  Joiner  and  Builder,  Rochdale,  adjourned  audit,  12.  FRIDAY,  23rd  :—William  Holme,  Cotton  Manufacturer,  Manchester,  choice  of  assignees  g,12.  BANKRUPTS.  (From  the  London  Gazette  of  Last  Night.)  CLAUDIUS  ALFRED,  serivenerOlillins,  Old  Change  London.  —Tmomes  ARCHER,  woollen  draper,  Braintree,  Essex.—  DAVID  EDWARDS  and  WM.  BISHOPS,  builders,  llantland llantlandroad,  road, llantlandroad,  Camden-town,  Middlesex.—DAzarz  ANTROBUS,  share sharebroker,  broker, sharebroker,  Mandl  ester.  THE  FUNDS,  STOCK  AND  CLOSI  SNARE  MARKET,  LONDON  G  PRICES.  Friday,  December  16th,  1853.  London  and  N.  W  1031  4  London  and  S.  W  774  Si  Manchester,  Sheffield,  &amp;  Lincolnshire  1  Midland  Stock  63i  4i  North  British  34  5  ENGLISH  MARKET.  Consols  Account  ::  94}  Do.  Money  Bank  Stock  Exchequer  Bills,  L.  :  :  )3  6  pm  Do-  Three  and  a  Quarter  per  cent.  6si  6  }  RAILWAY  SHARES.  Do.  Preference  Norfolks  North  Staffordshire  Shrewsbury  and  Birm.  Do.  L.  and  N.  W.  guar.  South  E.  and  Dover  63  4  York.  New.,  and  Ber  64  5  Ambergate,  Nottingham,  and  Eastern  Junction  ..  5i  I  Caledonian  Do.  Preference  Bristol  and  Exeter  Do.  Extension  Yorkpo  Do.  andPrefere  nceF  Preference STYLE=superscript  oitE  Northi  FOREIGN  NM  STOCKS.i  d  :.  4 STYLE=superscript  489  i  d STYLE=superscript  i STYLE=superscript  s STYLE=superscript  Mexican  241  1  Spanish  New  Deferred  46*  1  Do.  Passives  22  Do.  Threes  41  Russians  Do.  U7  a  LAND  SHARES.  Agricultural  45  7  North  B.  Australian  ...  •  I  I  Peel  River  South  Australia  East  Anglian  astern  Counties  131  i  East  Lancashire  65  7  Eastern  Union,  A  Do  B.  &amp;  C  Edinbro'  &amp;  Glasgow  ..  Great  Northern  B4l  5i  A.  Great  Western  83a  4  Lancashire  &amp;  Yorkshire  671  8/  Do.  Fifths  Leeds  Northern  134  London  Brighton  and  South  Coast  SHARE  MARKETS.—YESTERDAY.  LIVERPOOL.—We  have  had  a  fair  market  to-day,  and  prices  have  been  tolerably  steady,  and  closed  firm.  The  following  were  the  transactions  :—Blackburn,  SA  - STYLE=superscript  -;  Caledo Caledonian,  nian, Caledonian,  28  281;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Stock,  671  68 STYLE=superscript  .;  London  and  North  Western,  1031  ;  Ditto  Fifths,  p  1  ;  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincoln  Stock,  251;  Midland,  631  64  64  1 STYLE=superscript  .  8  ;  North  British,  8a;  South  Eastern  Stock,  19  1-16  ;  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  161.  The  closing  prices  were  as  follow  :—Caledonian,  211  a  ;  Eastern  Counties,  13-s-  2  ;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  68  1  ;  London  and  North  Western,  1031  4;  Midland,  64  1  ;  North  British,  8  5 STYLE=superscript  ;  South  Eastern,  19  1-16  ;  York  and  North,  241  ;  Sheffield  Stock,  251  Q.  MANCHESTER.—The  following  was  the  business  done  to-day  :—Caledonian,  281  1;  Cork,  Blackrock,  and  Passage,  x.d.  ;  East  Lancashire,  161;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  68  8  8  1;  Ditto,  Fifths,  62d  ;  London  and  North  Western  M  and  B  Qrs  C,  5-16  p;  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lin Lincolnshire,  colnshire, Lincolnshire,  251  ;  Ditto,  pref.  71-  per  cent.,  101  ;  Ditto,  new  £6  pref.,  5-16  p  ;  Midland,  641  4  1 STYLE=superscript  4  ;  North  British,  88  ;  North  Staffordshire,  5-14  ;  South  Eastern,  19  1-16  8.  SMITHFIELD  CATTLE  MARKET.—YESTERDAY.  The  supply  of  BEASTS  yesterday  was  very  extensive  and  in  good  condition.  The  BEEF  trade  ruled  heavy,  at  barely  Monday's  prices.  SHEEP  moved  off  slowly,  but  we  have  no  change  to  notice  in  their  value.  CALVES,  the  supply  of  which  was  very  limited,  moved  off  steadily,  and  prime  VEAL  advanced  2d  ig  8  lbs.  There  was  a  fair  inquiry  for  PIGS,  at  full  currencies.  Mimi'  Cows  was  very  dull,  at  from  £l4  to  El  9  each,  including  their  small  calf.  A  respectably  dressed  lady  was  knocked  down  by  a  horse  and  cart  in  Parliament-street,  on  Thursday.  Fortunately  she  escaped  with  a  slight  bruise.  AcciDENT.—Yesterdav  James  Davies,  bricklayer,  living:  in  Peacock  court,  Newsham-street,  m  a  staircase  while  employed  in  a  building  recently  erected  in  Cable-street,  and  severely  fractured  his  ribs.  He  is  at  present  an  inmate  of  the  Northern  Hospital.  Canurrr  MOVEMENTS.-A  cabinet  council  will  be  held  at  the  foreign  office  to.  day.  The  Earl  of  Aberdeen  arrived  in  London,  from  Osborne,  yesterday  evening.  Sir  James  Graham  arrived  in  London  on  Thursday  night.  The  Chan:  cellor  of  the  Exchequer  was  expected  last  evening.  Dispatches  were]  sent  off  last  evening  from  the  colonial  office  to  the  governors  of  the  West  India  Islands  and  the  governor-general  of  Canada.  Dispatches  were  received  yesterday  morning  from  the  governors  of  the  West  India  Islands.  _  _  _  _  _  On  Thursday  night,  a  warehouse  in  Duke-street,  Cannon Cannonstreet,  street, Cannonstreet,  Manchester,  was  discovered  to  be  on  fire,.but  from  the  well-directed  exertions  of  the  police,  it  was  extinguished  without  doing  much  injury.  COMPLIMENTARY  AND  SELF-DENYING.—The  New  York  Freeman's  Journal,  in  announcing  the  election  of  Mr.  Peter  Dawson,  the  democratic  member  elect  to  the  Assembly  for  the  twelfth  district,  says,  congratulate  Mr,  Dawson  on  his  election,  though  we  thereby  lose  a  most  reliable  and  excellent  carrier  of  our  There  are  in  the  Manchester  Royal  Infirmary,  172  patients,  as  many  out  door,  and  61  home  patients.  The  lunatic  infirmary  holds  51.  An  elderly  man,  named  Wardle,  was  fined  £2O  yesterday  at  the  Manchester  police  court,  for  having  a  quantity  .  of  silk  in  his  possession,  for  which  he  could  not  account.  He  was  a  cotton  shawl  weaver  from  Stockport.  The  silk  protec protective  tive protective  society  prosecuted.  A  tradesman,  named  Mathew  Coulters,  in  Strand-street,  Deansgate,  Manchester,  has  been  fined  £2  10s.,  for  having  in  his  possession  what  purported  to  be  a  21b.  weight,  but  which  weighed  only  11  ounces.  POSTAL  ECONOMY.—By  the  withdrawal  of  the  Rotterdam  and  Hamburg  mail  packets,  £17,000  a  year  will  be  saved  to  the  country.  The  whole  of  the  correspondence  for  the  con continent  tinent continent  will  now  enter  by  two  ports  only—viz.,  Calais  and  Ostend.  The  withdrawal  of  the  above-named  packets  has  been  rendered  practicable,  owing  to  the  increase  of  railroads  on  the  continent.  A  large  number  of  countries  in  Europe  which  used  to  have  a  communication  with  England  twice  a  week  only,  have  now  a  daily  communication,  in  consequence  of  the  new  arrangements.  ALLOWANCE  FOR  SPOILED  STAMPS.—The  following  im important  portant important  notice  was  issued  yesterday  by  order  of  the  Commission Commissioners  ers Commissioners  of  stamps  (inland  revenue),  that,  after  Saturday,  the  24th  inst.,  all  receipt  stamps  rendered  useless  by  the  new  penny  re receipt  ceipt receipt  stamp  act,  wil  only  bel  allowed  for  as  spoiled  stamps  on  the  following  days,  viz.,  Tuesdays,  Thursdays,  and  Saturdays,  between  the  home  of  twelve  and  two  o'clock  in  the  afternoon.  Until  the  14th  inst.,  persons  having  any  quantity  of  the  old  stamps  (which  have  become  useless  by  the  new  penny  stamp)  may  have  them  exchanged  daily  (Monday  excepted),  from  twelve  till  two  p.m.  The  greatest:activity  still  prevails  in  what  is  called  the  dry  stamping  of  the  stamp-office  in  taking  off  the  new  stamps,  and  several  extra  hands  are  employed,  so  as  to  enable  the  commissioners  to  comply  with  the  large  or orders  ders orders  they  receive  daily  from  every  part  of  the  country.  CARDINAL  WisEmAx.—An  important  ceremony  is  about  to  take  place  at  Rome  in  regard  to  two  clergymen  from  England,  for  the  first  time,  it  is  believed,  since  the  period  of  the  Reformation.  His  Holiness  has,  at  the  instance  of  Cardinal  Wiseman,  granted  them  a  personal  private  audience.  It  is  understood  to  be  at  present  arranged  for  the  Cardinal  to  return  to  England  after  Christmas  for  the  purpose  of  actively  resuming  his  sacerdotal  functions  in  this  country.  A  BOY  DROWNED  THROUGH  THE  ICE.—An  inquest  was  held,  on  Thursday,  at  Aspull,  near  Wigan,  by  Mr.  Rutter,  county  coroner,  on  view  of  the  body  of  a  boy  named  John  Stock,  9  years  of  age.  On  Monday  the  deceased  and  some  other  boys  were  sliding  on  an  old  pit,  called  Scrafe's  Lode,  which  was  frozen  over.  The  deceased  remained  on  the  ice  longer  than  the  rest  of  the  boys,  and  as  he  was  getting,  off  the  ice  gave  way,  and  he  fell  through.  He  succeeded  in  keeping  himself  up  some  time,  during  which  his  brother,  who  is  only  12  years  old,  went  into  the  water  and  endeavored  to  pull  him  out.  Unfortunately,  however,  he  could  not,  and  but  for  the  aid  of  some  other  boys  who  were  on  the  bank,  he  also  would  have  been  drowned.  The  deceased,  was  seen  to  sink  under  the  ice,  and  his  body  was  not  re recovered  covered recovered  until  some  time  after  the  accident.—Verdict,  ROBBERY  BY  A  PORTER  AT  THE  PALATINE  HOTEL,  MANCHESTER.—Yesterday,  at  the  Manchester  city  police  court,  porter  at  the  Palatine  Hotel,  Hant's  Bank,  was  brought  before  the  magistrates  on  a  charge  of  having  robbed  his  employer,  Mr.  Wm.  Smith,  the  proprietor  of  the  hotel.  On  the  previous  night,  in  consequence  of  some  suspicion  entertained  against  the  prisoner,  a  detective  officer  of  police  was  concealed,  by  instructions  of  Mr.  Boswick,  Chief  Super Superintendent  intendent Superintendent  of  Police,  in  a  closet  in  the  bar  of  the  hotel.  After  all  the  inmates  had  gone  to  bed  the  prisoner  came  down  stairs,  forced  up  the  bar  window,  with  a  table-knife,  opened  the  till,  and  took  out  some  money.  The  officer  then  came  from  his  hiding  place  and  pounced  upon  the  prisoner.  On  searching  him  he  found  that  the  prisoner  had  taken  255.  in  silver,  which  Mr.  Smith  had  marked  before  he  went  up  stairs  to  bed.  On  a  further  search  he  found  upon  him  sonic  cigars,  a  glass,  and  some  other  property.  The  table-knife  with  which  the  window  was  forced  open  was  bent.  Com Committed  mitted Committed  to  the  sessions.  P3_TB00059 ife'  or  ooP  rrel, STYLE=superscript  e  '  O  OOO  so'  co'  P3_TB00060 P  P STYLE=superscript  o  il  )°:  'll'6  P3_TB00061 -  , STYLE=superscript  te'  4  )fe'"
