text
"Co  be  §poitt.  FOR  SALE,  a  few  Half  Barrels  sugar-preserved  CANADIAN  OX  TONGUES,  containing  24  doz.  each.  Apply  to  FORBES  BROS.,  25  South  John-street.  TO  BE  SOLD,  by  Private  Treaty,  two  FREE  HOLD  HOUSES,  situate  in  Toxteth-park,  convenient  to  the  Southern  Docks.  Present  rental  £2B,  which  may  be  increased  by  the  outlay  of  a  small  sum  of  money  to  £34.  Price  £350.  Apply  to  Thomas  Picken,  land-agent,  Compton  Chambers,  Basnett-street.  TO  BE  SOLD,  by  Private  Treaty,  a  good  and  convenient  DWELLING  HOUSE,  situate  in  Sey Seymour-street,  mour-street, Seymour-street,  in  excellent  repair,  and  lately  papered  and  painted.  Apply  to  Thomas  Picken,  land-agent,  Compton  Chambers,  Basnett-street.  MARINE  WATER  CLO  SETS.  To  the  Nobility,  Ship  Owners,  Ship  Builders,  HUME'S  Patent  Marine  Water  Closet,  obviating  entirely  the  hitherto  offensive  effluvia  so  repeatedly  complained  of,  is  simple,  and  almost  impossible  to  get  out  of  order  with  proper  use  ;  it  is  invaluable  for  Yachts,  or  Cabin  Accom Accommodation  modation Accommodation  on  board  Sea-going  Ships,  being  fitted  up  above  or  below  the  water-level,  and  entirely  preventing  all  annoy annoyance  ance annoyance  backing  from  the  Sea.  Testimonials  from  T.  Littledale,  Esq.,  late  Mayor  of  Liverpool,  Yacht  Ariel;  Capt.  Parsons,  African  Mail  Steam-  Ship,  Faith  ;  Capt.  Dixon,  Isle  of  Man  Steam-Packet.  Manx  Fairy  ;  and  others.  Manufactory,  Morpeth-dock  Quay,  Birkenhead.  PLUMBING  IN  ALL  ITS  BBANCIIPS.  NERS.  BROOKS,  Widow  of  the  late  Mr.  John  Brooks,  Dentist,  55,  Great  George-street,  begs  most  respectfully  to  thank  the  Gentry  and  Public  of  Liverpool  for  the  very  kind  support  she  has  received  since:  the  lamented  death  of  her  husband,  and  is  happy  to  inform  them  that  arrangements  have  been  made  with  a  gentleman  of  great  experience  in  every  department  of  Dental  Surgery  from  London,  to  carry  on  the  practice  for  the  benefit  of  herself  and  children,  and  earnestly  solicits  a  continuance  of  that  sympathising  patronage  for  which  she  feels  so  much  indebted  to  the  numerous  patients  of  her  late  husband."
