text
"W.  S.  Hamilton,  Bennett,  at  Camaroons.  Mermaid,  M`Millan,  from  Liverpool  at  Brass.  Lotty  Sleigh,  Appleby,  from  Liverpool  at  Brass.  William  Russell,  from  Bahia,  leaky,  would  probably  have  to  discharge,  bound  to  Bremen,  at  Pernambuco.  Mayflower,  Sydney,  N.S.W.,  for  London,  at  Pernambuco.  Pedlar.  Brown,  from  Liverpool  at  Vera  Cruz,  and  loading  for  Liverpool.  Edward  Bilton,  Gibson,  from  Liverpool  at  Odessa.  Corohand,  Porsonier,  from  Liverpool  at  (Santander.  The  Edward  Johnstone,  for  Mobile,  has  put  back,  with  bows  damaged,  having  been  in  con contact  tact contact  with  a  ship,  believed  to  be  the  Wansfell,  from  Bombay,  Nov  30,  off  Bardsey,  in  a  thick  fog.  The  Wansfell  reports  that  she  was  in  collision  at  the  time  and  place  specified,  with  an  Amer American  ican American  ship,  outward  bound,  and  not  with  the  Edward  Johnstone.  The  Wansfell,  lost  bul bulwarks,  warks, bulwarks,  cathead,  anchor,  and  45  fathoms  of  chain.  Diana,  for  Africa,  has  put  back  with  jaws  M  main  boom  gone.  An  unsuccessful  attempt  was  made  yesterday  to  get  off  the  hence  to  Mobile,  off  the  Strand,  near  Jurby  Point,  Isle  of  Man;  another  attempt  will  be  made  to-day.  The  Recovery,  from  Shediac  and  Mearns,  for  Quebec,  both  of  which  arrived  yesterday,  were  in  contact  early  this  morning  in  the  river,  the  former  was  seriously  damaged  on  the  larboard  bow,  and  slipt  one  anchor  and  70  fathom  of  chain,  to  save  tide  into  dock  ;  the  latter  lost  both  anchors.  The  Emily,  from  Liverpool,  struck  on  the  Bar  of  Rio  tient°  on  entering,  arrived  in  the  river  leaky,  and  subsequently  filled,  was  aban abandoned  doned abandoned  by  the  crew,  and  drifted  on  the  east  point,  where  the  natives  plundered  her.  A  Brig,  water-logged  and  abandoned,  sup supposed  posed supposed  to  belong  to  Naryport,  was  passed  in  ilat  49  n,  lon  16  w,  by  the  Recovery,  arrived  there  from  Shediac.  The  Genevieve,  Cooper,  from  Pernambuco  to  Liverpool,  sailed  Nov  1,  next  day  saw  the  Great  Western,  (n.st.s)  sailed  from  South South'  ' South'  ampton.  The  Barkiiill,  sailed  Oct  26,  for  Liverpool."
