text
"MANCHESTER.  OBTAINING  GOODS  BY  FALSE  PRETENCES.-At  the  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  City  Police  Court,  on  Saturday,  a  younc  , STYLE=superscript  man  named  Thomas  Jordan,  was  charged  with•  having  by  a  false  pre pretence,  tence, pretence,  obtained  from  Mr.  William  Frederick  Benson,  a  piece  of  wrapping,  with  intent  to  cheat  and  defraud  Messrs  Joseph  Railton  and  Son.  Mr.  Benson  stated  that  he  was  a  warehouseman,  in  the  employ  of  Messrs  J.  Railton  and  Son,  of  No.  5,  Blackfriars,  On  Tuesday  evening  last,  about  seven  o'clock,  the  prisoner  came  to  the  warehouse,  and  stated  that  lie  had  been  sent  by  Mr.  Owen,  who  keeps  a  wholesale  toy  ware warehouse  house warehouse  in  the  neighbourhood,  to  borrow  a  piece  of  wrapping  to  nail  over  the  door-way  of  Mr.  Owen's  premises,  where  they  were  making  alterations.  Witness  knew  that  the  prisoner  had  been  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  Owen  a  few  months  ago,  and  thought  he  was  so  still.  Accordingly,  he  lent  him  a  large  piece  of  wrappering  without  any  hesi hesitation.  tation. hesitation.  On  Friday,  he  ascertained  that  the  prisoner  had  not  been  sent  for  the  wrapping,  and  that  he  had  imposed  upon  him.  Mr.  John  Owen  stated  that  the  prisoner  had  been  in  his  employ  up  to  about  two  or  three  months  ago,  when  he  left  him.  He  never  authorised  the  prisoner  to  go  to  the  last  witness  for  any  wrapping.  On  being  apprehended,  by  virtue  of  a  warrant,  the  prisoner  stated  that  he  got  the  wrapping,  but  that  he  intended  returning  it.  He  fu  r  th  er  stated,  that  he  had  left  it  a  t  M  r  .  Longs  vaults  for  one  shilling.  Committed  to  the  Sessions.  HIGHWAY  ROBBERY.—At  the  Manchester  City  Police  Court  on  Saturday,  a  female,  named  Margaret  Walker,  was  placed  in  the  dock,  on  a  charge  of  having  committed  a  highway  robbery.  A  police  constable  stated  that  at  ten  minutes  to  twelve  o'clock  on  Friday  night,  he  took  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  into  custody  on  a  charge  of  having,  along  with  two  men,  knocked  down  and  robbed  a  man  in  Downing-street,  Ardwick.  The  prosecutor,  William  Newton,  of  Longsight,  stated  that  he  was  going  down  Downing  street,  a  little  before  twelve  the  preceding  night,  when  he  was  knocked  down  by  the  prisoner  and  two  men,  and  robbed.  The  woman  took  hold  of  him  by  the  hair  of  the  head,  and  took  out  of  his  pocket  98.  3d.  The  men  made  off  up  Nelson-street,  but  he  succeeded  in  getting  hold  of  the  female,  whom  he  gave  into  the  custody  of  a  policeman.  C  omm  i  tte  d  to  the  assizes.  CHARGE  ov  STEALING  A  LART's  MANTLE.—At  the  City  Police  Court,  Manchester,  on  Saturday,  a  female,  named  Sarah  Nanton,  was  placed  before  the  magistrates  on  a  charge  of  stealing  a  mantle.  Sub-inspector  Duckworth,  stated,  that  about  one  o'clock  on  the  previous  afternoon  he  apprehended  the  prisoner  on  a  charge  of  stealing  a  mantle  from  Mrs.  Williams,  who  resides  in  Rochdale-road.  The  prosecutrix  being  unavoidably  absent,  the  prisoner  was  remanded.  ALLEGED  ROBBERY  OF  TWENTY-THREE  POUNDS  TEN  SHILLINGS.  —On  Saturday,  at  the  City  Police  Court,  a  fe female,  male, female,  named  Lucy  Thomson,  was  brought  up  on  a  charge  of  having,  about  half-past  three  o'clock  that  morning,  robbed  a  gentleman  of  £23  10s.  The  prosecutor,  Thomas  Ryley,  stated  that  between  two  and  three  o'clock  that  morning,  lie  went  into  a  house  in  Lloyd Lloydstreet,  street, Lloydstreet,  occupied  by  M  rs  .  Nilson.  After  paying  for  some  drink,  ke  went  up  s  t  a  i  rs  w  ith  the  prisoner,  and  soon  afterwards  he  found  that  he  had  lost  his  money.  As  soon  as  he  missed  the  money,  he  went  down  stairs  and  called  for  the  police,  upon  which  a  constable  entered  the  house,  and  found  the  money  wrapped  up  in  a  piece  of  paper.  He  had  the  money  in  his  left-hand  trousers  pocket,  when  be  entered  the  house.  Cross-examined  by  Mr.  BENT,  who  appeared_  for  the  prisoner.  —Is  a  married  man  with  seven  or  eight  children.  He  had  not  stopped  three  days  at  the  house  in  question"
