text
"THE  ROYAL  CHARTER  We  have  received  the  following  copy  of  the  log  of  this  vessel  :  Sailed,  January  18th,  1856.-8  o'clock,  passed  lighthouse  under  steam,  and  tide  with  us.  Off  Point  Lynas  at  2.30  p.m.  At  Holyhead  at  6  p.m.,  strong  tide  against  us.  At  6.30  set  fore  and  aft  canvas,  seven  to  eight  knots,  wind  south.  Course  S.W.  by  W.  19th.—Strong  breezes  from  S.NV.,  heavy  fsea  rollinv,  in  from  westward.  At  9  a.m.  Tuskar  light  bore  IN.W.  Wind  changed  to  W.  Continued  beating  down  Channel  under  sail,  ship  working  admirably.  20th.—Off  Cork.  Thick  weather.  Wind  W.N.W.  Course,  S.W.  by  W.  At  noon  wind  N.E.  At  1  p.m.  hove  up  screw,  and  ran  under  canvas  only  121  knots.  At  mid midnight  night midnight  wind  hulled  to  W.N.W.,  with  heat)  , STYLE=superscript  gales,  Put  ship  under  close-reefed  topsails.  Very  heavy  sea.  Ship  behaving  very  well.  Under  three  close-reefed  topsails  and  foresail  only.  Screw  up.  21st  —Gale  increasing,  and  sea  worse.  Wind  hauled  to  S.W.  Wore  ship,  and  stood  to  W.N.W.  Keep  on  save  tack  till  next  morning.  Much  water  coming  on  deck.  Ship  going  4  to  5  knots,  being  able  to  carry  sail  from  size  of  ship,  and  having  lower  topsail  yards  fitted  as  they  are  when  most  ships  must  have  laid  to.  22ud.—Gale  .  continued  terrific,  and  wind  changed  to  W.N.W.  ;  wore  ship  and  stood  to  S.W.  Ship  behaving  very  well,  but  storm  so  violent  that  great  quantities  of  water  came  on  deck.  Four  to  five  knots.  23rd.-5  a.m.—Wind  changed  to  W.S.W.,  heavy  cross  seas,  and  blowing  terrifically.  4  p.m.—Wore  ship  to  N.W,  and  sea  breaking  over  ship,  and  continuing  so  that  night.  Going  through  the  water  four  to  five  knots.  24th.—Wind  N.W.  6  a.m.—Gale  and  sea  as  bad  as  before.  Gale  continued,  with  every  appearance  of  bad  weather.  At  8  p.m.  wore  ship,  connected  screw,  and  borelup  for  Plymouth.  25th,—Wind  and  weather  the  same.  Running  13i  knots.  26th.—Arrived  at  Plymouth,  3  a.m.  COURT  OF  QUEEN'S  BENCH.—JAN.  26.  [Sittings  in  Banco.]  THE  QUEEN  V.  CAMPBELL.—In  this  case  certain  payments  made  by  the  guardians  of  the  poor  of  Liverpool  to  the  rector,  the  Rev.  Mr.  Campbell,  had  been  disallowed  by  the  auditor.  The  point  rested  upon'the  construction  of  the  sections  of  the  10th  Geo.  IV.,  c.  11,  as  to  a  table  of  fees  payable  to  the  rector,  and  which  was  to  be  fixed  by  certain  commissioners  for  burials  in  cemeteries.  A  rule  for  a  certiorari  had  been  obtained  for  bringing  up  the  order  of  the  auditor.—Lord  Campbell  said  the  court  had  no  power  to  alter  these  fees.—  Rule  discharged,  but  without  costs.  COURT  FOR  CROWN  CASES.—JAN,  26.  THE,  QUEEN  V.  Mo  —This  was  an  indictment,  charging  the  prisoner  with  having  stole!?  £5,000,  the  property  of  the  Crown,  he  being  at  the  time  in  the  employ  of  the  Crown.  The  prisoner  was  a  collector  of  the  inland  revenue,  in  the  county  of  Chester,  and  had  become  a  defaulter  to  a  large  amount.  When  called  . STYLE=superscript  upon  to  pay  t  h  e  amount  h  e  had  coll  ec  t  e  d  ,  as  we  ll  as  a  previous  sum  of  £3OO  for  excise  duties,  which  be  had  not  paid,  he  stated  that  he  had  only  £250  in  the  world.  It  was  objected,  on  the  trial,  that  the  evidence  did  not  show  a  receipt,  and  misappropriation,  of  any  particular  sum  of  money,  so  as  to  make  the  pris  o  n  er  guilty  o  f  steal  i  ng.  The  j  u  d  ge  who  tried  the  case  at  th  e  Chester  assizes,  reserved  the  point  whether  th  e  conv  i  c  ti  on  should  be  supported.  It  was  now  contended  that  the  indictment  ought  to  have  charged  the  prisoner  with  embezzling  specific  sums  on  particular  days.  The  Lord  Chief  Baron  said  that,  to  remove  all  difficulty  about  the  oase,  the  court  thought  there  was  sufficient  in  the  smaller  sum  of  £3OO  to  justify  a  conviction,  which  would  there therefore  fore therefore  be  oonented•"
