text
"NOTICE  TO  SHIPPERS  To  BOSTON  and  HALIFAX:  •  Chief  Cabin  Passai  Second  Cabin  Pass  ntv-five  Pounds  n  Pound:  SIX  POUNDS  PER  TON-BizASUE.EMENT  To  NEW  YORK,  Chief  Cabin  Passage  Second  Cabin  Passag  arty  Pounds  Rate  of  Freight,  SIX  POUNDS  rza  TON  MEASUREMENT.  Freight  on  Parcels-ss.  each,  and  upwards,  according  to  size.  Paseels  for  different  Consignees,  collected  and  made  up  .  in  single  Packages,  .addressed  to  oue  party  for  delivery  is  America,  for  the  purpose  of  evading  payment  of  Freight,  will,  upon  examination  is  America  by  the  Customs;  be  charged  with  the  proper  Freight.  BRITISH  AND  NORTH  AMERICAN  ROYAL  MALI  STEAM  SHIPS,  APPOINTED  BY  THE  ADMIRALTY  TO  SAIL  BETWEEN  .411,.  LIVERPOOL  AND  NEW  YORK  AND  BETWDEN  LIVERPOOL  AND  BOSI'M  p  only  CALLING  at  HALIFAX  tgers  and  her  Majesty's  M  Q  UEEN'S  HEAD  DIN/N,G-ROOMS•  WILLIAM  FRANKLIN,  GEORGE-STR.EE7;  OLDIEALL-STREET,  Tenders  his  best  thanks  to  his  numerous  Friends  and  the  Public  for  the  uniform  support  he  has  received  during  the  eleven  years  he  has  occupied  the  above  premises,  and  assures  them  that  it  will  be'  his  study  and  pleasure  in  future  to  facilitate,  in  every  possible  manner,  the  comfort  of  his  Cus Customers.  tomers. Customers.  10-  The  Culinary  Department,  being  under  the  especial  Superintendence  of  Mrs.  FRANKLIN,  will  be  found  to  main maintain  tain maintain  its  high  reputation  for  the  character  of  its  Viands.  CABANAS  CIGARS  CASE  (imported  1850)  just  cleared  out  of  Bond,  by  HORATIO  LEWIS,  67,  CHURCH  -STREET,  (Corner  of  Parker-street)  MILLS  rPHE  LIVERPOOL  STEAM  SAW  •  2  0 STYLE=superscript  ,.  CHERRY-LANE  J.  &amp;  W.  ROBINSON,  Agents,  13,  Re4eross-street  THE  LIVERPOOL  PATENT  CASK  MANUFACTORY,  By  steam  pOwer,  at  20,  CHERRY-LANE.  Casks  of  every  description  in  stock  or  made  on  the  shortest  notice,  on  application  to  Messrs.  BOYD,  DUNCAN  &amp;  CO.  on  the  premises,  or  to  J.  &amp;W.  ROBINSON,  Agents.  13,  Redcross-street.  yr  O  R  N  I  -N  G  P  0-  S  T  1111_  .  LONDON  DAILY.  NEWSPAPER  In  consequence  of  the  repeal  of  the  Advertisement  Duty,  the  MORNING  POST  charges  will  be  on  the  following  reduced  and  reasonable  scale  Tradesman's  Advertisements,  five  lines  and  under  Every  addional  line  2  6  0  6  1  0  Servants'  Advertisements,  Four  Line  'notion  is  made  in  all  other  classes  of  A  corresponding  red  ldvertisement  The  P  •oprietc  NOTICI  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  have  now  completed  their  arrangements  for  securing  the  delivery  of  the  paper  at  the  following  places  every  morning,  at,  or  before  eight  o'clock.  BIRKENHEAD  WOODSIDE  TRANMERE  ROCK  FERRY  WATERLOO  SEAFORTH  I  BOOTLE  WALTON  EVERTON  FAIRFIELD  AIGBURTH.  TO  CORRESPONDENTS  ring  to  the  extraordinary  pressure  upon  our  space,  we  are  obliged  to  omit  one  or  two  leading  articles,  as  well  as  publish  a  supplementary  sheet  containing  the  Shipping  Whatever  is  'Mewled  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer  ;  not  necessarily  for  _publicatiOn,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  .to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher.  CHARLESIVii.TAER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  to  the  care  of  Mesas.  SiMpldn,  Mamball,  and  Co:  TONDAY,  OCTOBER  24,  1853  FOR  IMPORTANT  NEWS  FROM  AMERICA,  CALIFORNIA,  AND  AUSTRALIA,  SEI  OUR  sympathies  have  been  very  much  pained  'of  late,  by  having  to  announce  such  repeated  dis-  n  connection  with  Emigrant  ships  Within  lie  past  fortnight,  no  less  than  three  instanc  have  occurred,  wherein  the  sacrifice  of  human  life  has  been  verl;  . STYLE=superscript  considerable.  That  to  which  we  now  direct  attention,  is  the  wreck  of  the  ship  Dalhousie  ;  a  detailed  account  of  which  will  be  found  iu  another  part  of  our  paper  lie  description  of,  the  wreck,  as  furnished  by  the  only  survivor,  and  one  of  the  ship's  crew,  is  ld  if  his  account  be  trill  hich  we  rtain  not  ti  lightest  doubt,  he  bravery  worthy  recipients  , STYLE=superscript  of  _public  money  with  the-:,  total  amount  ,received  fqr  the  public  good,  and  having  given  therm  credit  for  the  actual  amount  of  work  done,  we  then  strike  a  balance,  reserving  to  our ourselves,  selves, ourselves,  as  in  the  present  case,  the  right  of  a  more  rigid  investigation  at  some-future  day.  There  are  few  duties  which  public  journalists  are  called  on  to  discharge  in  .which  there  is  such  a  mixture  of  painful  and  pleasurable  feelings.  A  due  regard  for  the  public  weal,  and  a  profound  respect  ,for  that  peculiar  disinterestedness  which  is  the  boasted  characteristic  of  all  .members  of  our  Cor Corporate  porate Corporate  bodies,  and  the  extraordinary  nervous  sensibility  of  Common  Councilmen  generally,  draw  so  largely  on  one's  sympathies,  that  we  would,  in  many  instances,  ;wish  that  there  were  no  such  things  as  Borough  Accounts.  We  have  somewhere  read  of:  a  Town  Council,  which,  having  received  a  significent  hint,  that  their  accounts  would  be  rigidly  became  so  indignant  that  they  positively  threatened  to  expatriate  themselves,  while  one  of  its  . STYLE=superscript  members  became  so  intensely  enraged,  that  on  being  aSlced  by  a  brother  Councilman  for  the  loan  of  kpencil  for  a  few  seconds,  he  deliberately  took  off  his  coat  and  waistcoat,  which  he  •  handed  to  his  friend,  and  :was  next  •  proceeding  to  take  off  a  few  more  of  his  habiliMents  when  he  was  reminded  by  the  by by•standers•  •standers• by•standers•  that  his  friend  only  asked  for  a  pencil.  Now,  as  we  have  no  wish  to  see  the  Einigration  -returns  of  our  port  swelled  by  - STYLE=superscript  the  names  of  any  of  our  Council  Board,  and  as  we  fear  that  extraor extraordinary  dinary extraordinary  nervous  excitement  might  - STYLE=superscript  produee  ;dan ;dangerous  gerous ;dangerous  apoplectic  symptoms,  we  shall  take  care  to  approach  the  subject  with  more  than  usual  mildness.  By  the  way  of  a  preface,  then,  we  would  merely  observe,  that  the  gross  income  derived  by  the  Town  Council  from  the  borough  of  Liverpool  would  have  been  considered  an  excessivelyheavy  Imperial  burthen  only  three  centuries  ago  ;  while,  if  we  do  the  amount  into  francs,  florins,  or  dollars,  it  will  be'  found  two-fold  greater  than  the  revenue  of  many  foreign  States,  which  have  to  provide  for  the  govern-  ment  and  protection  of  two  or  three  millions  of  souls  But  what  have  we  to  do  with  foreign  states  we  fancy  will  be  the  sagacious  reply  of  our  council-  Here,  then,  we  shall  be  compelled  to  remind  nost  inestimable  body  corporate,  that  the  present  taxation  for  the  government  and  protec protection,  tion, protection,  of  the  British  Empire,  on  which  it  is  said  the  sun  never  does  not  amount  to  more  than  one  pound  a-head  for  the  population  of  the  United'  Kingdom,  while  the  sum  actually  at  the  dis disposal  posal disposal  of  the  Borough  dignitaries,  amounts  to  a  fraction  over  ten  shillings  a=head  for  the  popula population  tion population  of  Liverpool.  Our  borough  must  therefore  be  looked  upon  as  an  empire,  and  one  of  ne  mean  character,  judging  from  its  income  and  expenditure  The  gross  income  is  set  down  at  £220,271  12s.  ld  On  the  debtor's  side,  while  the  ;er  contra  shows  a  surplus  of  £52,781  los.  7d..  The  annual  expendi expenditure  ture expenditure  of  the  Corporation  may  be  said,  as  far  as  it  is  possible  to  understand  the  accounts,  to  amount  to  something  like  three-fourths  of  its  income.  To  investigate  such  an  elaborate  show  of  figures  as  we  have  before  us  in  the  present  account,  is  not  work  which  can  be  accomplished  in  a  moment;  we,  shall,  therefore,  devote  a  day  or  two  to  it,  when  We  hope  to  be  able  . STYLE=superscript  to  point  out  where  . STYLE=superscript  Some  slight  alterations  may  be  made  with  great  propriety  and  considerable  advantage  to  the  inhabitants  of  the  Borough.  -  If,  in  the  meantime,  we  should  discover  a  more  simplified  way  of  keeping  accounts,  we  shall  not  omit  to  point  it  out  to  Mr.  JOHN  Wystrndn  the  Treasurer,  as  it  ,would  very  thaterrally  aid  the  Rate-payers  ingetting  at  a  clearer  insight  into  their  financial  affairs.  DEATH  OF  MR.  ALDERMAN  JOHN  HOLMES-  r  --We  deeply  regret  to  have  to  announce  the  death  of  Mr.  Alder Alderman  man Alderman  John  Holmes,  which  took  place  on  Saturday  at  his  residence  in  Everton  Crecent.  The  deceased  Alderman  was  the  oldest  member  of  the  Council,  and  was  exceedingly  regular  in  his  attendance  on  the  Committees  and  meetings  of  the  Council,  up  to  the  last  week  or  two.  The  decease  gentleman  was  m  the  eightieth  year  of  his  age,  and  was  universally  respected  by  all  parties  in  the  town.  The  Rev.  Dr.  Aspinall  preached  his  farewell  ser sermon  mon sermon  to  a  congregation  of  St.  Mathia's  Gt.  Howard-street,  last  evening.  The  Shipwrights  of  Liverpool  intend,  we  under understand,  stand, understand,  to  hold  a  public  meeting  in  the  Amphitheatre  in  the  course  of  the  present  week.  The  object  of  the  meeting  is  to  lay  before  the  Merchants  of  Liverpool,  the  subjects  in  dis dispute  pute dispute  between  them  and  their  masters.  In  the  meantime  the  men  continue  at  work.  APPREHENSION  IN  AUSTRALIA  OF  AN  ABSCONDED  eLEnx..---Amongst  the  parties  brought  to  Fn  sl  and  from  Aus Australia  tralia Australia  per  the  Eagle  was,Tames  St.  Albin  Qu;nu,  lately  a  Cleric  in  the  employ  of  Messrs  Train  &amp;  Co.  of  this  town,  who  ab absconded  sconded absconded  some  time  since  with  upwards  of  £l2OO,  the  pro property  perty property  of  his  employers.  Quinn  is  now  lodged  in  the  Main  Bridewell,  and  will  be  brought  before  the  Magistrates  this  Mn.  MITCHELL,  'who  has  appeared  on  several  oc occasions  casions occasions  as  an  amateur  in  aid  of  our  local  charities,  is  (as  will  be  seen  by'advertisement)  about  to  make  his  last  ap appearance  pearance appearance  on  the  stage  in  the  character  of  Rob  Roy,  supported  by  a  number  of  gentlemen  amateurs.  It  may  , STYLE=superscript  be  recollected  that  Mr.  Mitchell,  who  was  the  originator  of  the  amateur  performance,  - STYLE=superscript  in  March,  1845,  in  aid  of  the  Licensed  Vic Victuallers'  tuallers' Victuallers'  Institution,  appeared  as  Sir  William  Wallace,  in  the  Tragedy  of  that  name.  We  understand  the  surplus  is  to  be  applied  in  presenting  that  gentleman  with  a  testimonial  of  respect.  -  SIGNOR  &amp;  MADAME  BOLENO'S  FAREWELL  BENEFIT.  We  deeply  regret  that  Liveipool  is  about  to  lose  these  dis distinguisheu  tinguisheu distinguisheu  representatives  of  the  pantomimic  art.  Madame  Boleno  is  one  of  the  best  columbines  and  Signor  Boleno  un unapproachable  approachable unapproachable  as  clown  in  this  count7y.  Previous  to  leaving  LiVerPool  for  London,'  where  they  are  about  to  take  up  their  abode,  Signor  and  adame  Boleno  announce  their  farewell  benefit  .  in  Liverpool,  which,  (as  will  be  seen  by  advertise,-  meiii)  will  take  :place  at  the  Amphitheatre  to-morrow  even evening.  ing. evening.  The  bill  of  fare  is  excellent;  but  independent  of  the  treat  provided,  we  feel  sure  that  the  high  esteem  and  respect  in  which  Mr.  and  Mrs  Boleno  are  deservedly  held  in  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  will  ensure  them  a  ANOTHER  WRECK.—The  Captain  Leveno,  of  Glasgow,  which  arrived  here  yesterday  from  Baltimore,  fell  in  on  the  20th  instant,  with  the  brigantine  Barry,  from  Cardiff,  bound  to  Malta,  in  a  helpless  condition,  and  took  off  the  _crew,  seven  in  number,  and  brought  them  -  -  to  this  port.  A  HINT  FOR.  THE  LONDON  ,AND  NORTH-WESTERN  RAILWAY  OFFICIALS.—On  Saturday,  in  returning  a  verdict  of  accidental  death  upon  view  of  the  body  of  a  man,  name  unknown,  who  died  from  injuries  received  at  the  entrance  to  the  Edge-hill  end  of  the  tunnel  of  the  London  and  North  Wes Western  tern Western  Railway;  the  coroner's  jury  added  that  in  their  opinion,  two  officers  instead  , STYLE=superscript  of  one  ,should  be  stationed  at  the  lower  end  of  the  tunnel,  as  it  was  evident  that  one  officer  could  not  attend  to  two  lines  of  rail  at  one  time.  EXTRAORDIONARY  SCENE  AT  ST:  MICHAEL'S  CHURCH,  Pm  STREET.—Yesterclq  afternoon  a  scene  of  a  most  unusual  and  painful  nature  took  place  at  St.  Michael's  Church,  Pitt-street.  The  incumbents  of  St.  Michael's  are  the  Rev.  Cyrus  Morrall,  and  the  Rev.  H.  Carpenter,  the  former  belonging  to  what  is  known  as  the  high  church  or  puseyite  party,  the  latter  to  the  evangelical  party.  For  home  considerable  time  a  misunderstanding  has  existed  between  Mr..  Morrell  and  a  section  of  his  congregation  who  did  not  concur  in  his  views,  and  placards  have  •  been  posted  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Pitt-street,  announcing  the  loss  of  a  promisinc  , STYLE=superscript  young  preacher  .;  any  person  return  i  n  g  hi  m  w  ill  be  rewarded  with  an  empty  pew.  In  consequence  of  the  dispute  to  which  we  have  adverted,  it  would  appear  that  an  arrangement  was  come  to,  that  the  Rev.  Mr.  Bardsley  was  to  assist  at  the  services  in  St.  Michael's  on  Sunday.—Some  views  of  Mr.  Bradsley,  expressed  from  the  pulpit,  not  agree agreeing  ing agreeing  with  those  of  Mr.  Morral,  the  latter  gentleman  as  we  learn,  refused  to  allow  Mr.  Bardseley  again  to  officiate,  and  engaged  in  his  place  the  curate  of  St.  Marks,  who  is  also  supposed  to  be  favourable  to  Puseyism.  This  appointment,  however,  did  not  meet  with  the  sanction  of  the  Church.  wardens  Mr.  Alderman  Laurence,  and  Mr.  Councillor  Wagstaff,and  several  of  their  friends  immediately  rose  and  left  the  Church  in  an  abrupt  manner.  A  portion  of  the  congyega congyegation  tion congyegation  not  aware  of  the  cause  of  this  movement,became  alarmed,  -  something  like  a  cry  of  fire  was  •raised.  The  result  was  gregation  rushed  from  the  ehurch;  and  the  d  was  more  exciting  th..o  edifying.  A  le,  ex  hat  the  entire  c  ;cone  whit  gentleman  .  who  was  passing  'at  the  ,_  ressed  ;  m  very  strong  language,  his  surprise  at  the  scene  h  e  h  a  d  1  witnessed  Something  like  a  repetition  of  the  scene  occurred  far  as  possible  on  a  uniformsystem:  '-' STYLE=superscript  11:  mdee  act  a  debit  the  in  the  afternoon.  •  1  :oreigm  MELANCHOLY  SHIPTVRECK SHIPTVRECKSIXTY  SIXTY SHIPTVRECKSIXTY  LIVES  .LOST.  .  In  our  'paper  of  Saturday  we  announced  the  founlering  of  the  ship  Dalhousie,  in  the  Channel  off  Beachy  Head,  together  with  the  loss  \  of  all  on  board  (sixty  in  number)  with  one  exception.  -  .  The  Dalholisie  . STYLE=superscript  was  a  flue  Indian  teak-built  ship,  of  nearly  800  tons  burthen.  She  was  launched  at  Moulinem  in  1848,  and  was,  therefore,  a  first-class  vessel,  in  good  and  sound  condition.  She  was  the  property  of  Mr.  Allan,  the  ship shipowner  owner shipowner  of  Leadenhall  street,  and  was  chartered  to  Messrs.  Fry  and'  Davison,  of  FUnehurph-strepg  as  one  of  the  3  Horse  tine  of  Australian  Passenger  She  went  into  the  - STYLE=superscript  EaSt  - STYLE=superscript  India  Docks  to  lead  for  Sydney,  and  happily,  on  this  occasion  she  was  mere  devoted.  to  the  conveyance  of  freight  than  passengers.  Her  crew  amounted  to  forty  eight  men  and  officers,  .and  her-  cargo  comprised  every  description  . STYLE=superscript  of  merchandise,  and  was  estimated  at  upward.s  of  XlOO,OOO.  Her,  master,  '  Captain  Butterworth.  is  said  to  have  been  a  most  experienced  navigator,  and  to  have  pa  sse  d  many  years  i  u  the  owners'  service.  She  cleared  from  the  docks  at  Blackwall  on  the  12th,  and  proceeded  down  the  river  to  Gravesend.  Her  passengers  were  confined  to  chief-cabin  .  class,  and  not'  more  than  twenty  berths  in  all  had  been  secured..  Of  these  there  went  on  board  at  Gravesend,  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Underwood  and  three  children,'Mrs.  Sinipson  and  three  children,  and  Miss  Rad Radford;  ford; Radford;  and  the  following  expressed  their  intention  of  joining  the  ship  at  Plythouth,  where  she  h  a  d  •t  o  touch  ;—Major  Hawkes,  Captain  R  Daniel,  Mr.  J.  Baldwin,  Miss  Macin Macintosh,and  tosh,and Macintosh,and  her  maid,  Mrs.  Hill,  and  Miss-  A.  M.,  Castles;  Mrs.  Butterworth,  being  anxi,,lN  to  accompany  her  husband,  Captain  Butteryvorth,  to  Plymouth,  where  she  would  leave,  she  went  on  board  with  three  of  her  sons  for  thetrip.  down  Channel.  The  eldest,  however,  on  the  ship  reaching  the  Downs,  went  ashore  with  the  pilot  at  Deal,  to  return  to  school,  which  is  in  the  neig,hbourhood.  On  the  ,Isth  the  ship's  dePArture  from  the  downs  wa  s  telegraphed  to'  ;  and  the  next  that  was  heard  of  her  was  about  five  o'clock  on  the.  following  afternoon,  when  a  boat  reached.  Dover  from  the  brig,  'Mitchel  Grove,  Which  was  lying  off  in  the  road roadstead,  stead, roadstead,  reporting  the  appalling  .  loss  of  the  ship,  and  landing  the  only  survivor,  Joseph  1)  ;ed,  a  _seaman,  every  soul  o  board  having  .perished  with  the  vessel.  The  particulars  of  this  melancholy  event  will  be  found  in  the  subjoined  statement  made  by  Joseph  Reed,  the  sole  sui  vivor.  lie  describes  the  progress  of  the  ship  from  the  tim  she  left  Gravesend,  to  the  morning  of  the  19th.  On  tl  evening  of  the  18th  a  gale  commenced,  Beachv  Head  heir  in  sight.  It  continued  to  bIoV  wi  great  severity  the  whole  of  the  night,  during  which  a  lently,  and  at  half-past  5  o'clock  on  the  the  writer  says,  she  rolled  right  over  on  h  )  lurched  vi  folloiying  morning  r  starboard  beams beamsnat  nat beamsnat  position,  with  her  masthead  in  the  water,  lying  at  the  mercy  of  the  sea,  which  then  made  a  clear  breach  over  her,  and  washed  away  the  larboard  guar guarter.boat.  ter.boat. guarter.boat.  A  great  many  of  the  crew  took  refuge  in  the.main the.maintop,  top, the.maintop,  and  I  got  outside  the  ship  on  the  weather  quarter  gallery,  it  'bemg  impossible  to  stand  on  deck.  A  sea  broke  into  the  maintopsail  -  and  carried  away  the  maintopmast  with  all  its  gear,  and  likewise  washed  four  men  out  of  the  maintop.  Captain  Butterworth,  the  chief  and  second  mate,  the  carpenter  cook,  and  some  of  the  crew  join  e  d  me  on  the  weather  quarter,  :and  they  dragged  through  the  gallery  win-  _  dow  four  passengers,  consisting  of  a  gentleman,  his  wi  e,  an  two  children,  who  took  refuge  with  them.  The  declarant  and  another  seaman  also  succeeded  in  getting  out  of  the  water  a  young  lady  who  had  come  out  of  one  of  the  poop  cabins,  and  I  lashed  her  to  a  large  spar,  and  placed  her  with  the  rest  of  her  party  on  the  gallery.  Immediately  afterwards  a  large  sea  broke  over  the  ship,  which  washed  off  the  gentleman  above-mentioned,  with  his  wife  and  children  (four  in  all),  and  they  perighed  together.  At  about  this  time  a  schooner  was  observed  about  half  a  mile  to  the  eastward,  bearing  down  upon  the  wreck.  The-vessel  was  at  that  time  settling  fast  in  the  water,  and  it  was  evident  that  she  could  not  remain  afloat  many  minutes  longer.  I  cut  the  lashings  of  the  spar  to  ,which  the  young  lady  had  lren  made  fast,  in  order  to  give  her  a  chance  for  her  life.  As  the  spar  went  adrift,  Captain  Butterworth,  the  second  mate,  and  one  or  two  of  the  seamen  quitted  the  sinking  ship,  and  held  on  to  the  spar  in  the  hope  of  saving  themselves,  declarant  being  left  on  the  quarter  with  the  cook  and  carpenter..  Many  of  the  people  had  by  this  time  been  drowned,  but  others  re remained  mained remained  holding  on  as  they  best  could,  on  the  weather  side  of  the  wreck.  She  lay  thus  for  about  ten  minutes  after  Captain  Butterworth  had  left  her,  and  then  sank,  going  down  head  first.  I  scrambled  from  the  quarter  to  the  mizen mizenmast,  mast, mizenmast,  which  I  ascended  as  the  ship,  sank.  I  found  the  sur surgeon  geon surgeon  in  the  mizentop,  and  we  went  up  together  in  the  wizen  crosstrees.  When  we  were  submerged,  I  lost  sight  of  the  surgeon,  and  I  swam  to  some  deals  which  were  floating  about.  I  got  hold  of  one  of  them,  but  shortly  afterwards,  I  saw  near  me  one  of  the  chocks  of  the  long  boat,  capable  of  affording  me  better  support  than  the  deal,  which  I  therefore  left,  and  placed  myself  on  the  chock.  The  schooner  was  then  within  shouting  distance,  being  about  100  yards  to  leeward  of  me,  and  I  hailed  her,  begging  her  crew  to  go  about  to  windward,  and  afterwards  drift  down  among  the  Dalhousie's  people,  of  whom  several  were  still  alive,  and  might  thus  have  been  picked  up  and  saved,  with  a  little  exertion  on  the  schooner's  part.  The  only  response  which  I.  could  hear  from  her  was  given  by  some  person  on  hoard,  who  told  me  Swim  to  but  she  was  drifting  to  leeward  much  faster  than  any  man  could  swim,  and  she  shortly  afterwards  stood  away  to  the  S.W.,  and  left  me  and  my  companions  struggling  in  the  water.  watched  her  for  nearly  twO.hours  afterwards,  but  she  at  length  disappeared,  without  having  (so  far  as  I  could  see)  made  the  least  effort  to  save  any  of  us,  although  the  schooner  was  close  to  the  Dalhousie  when  she  foundered,  and  her  crew  must  have  seen  her  go  down.  My  companions  gradually  perished  one  after  the  other,  and  I  was  repeatedly  washed  off  my  frail  support.  Towards  four  o'clock  brig  hove  in  sight,  standing  down  towards  where  I  was  floating.  I  .made  signals  to  her  with  myhandkerchief,  in  thebestwaylcould,  and  she  bore  down  to  me,  and  having  lowered  a  rope  with  a  bowline  in  it,  I  made  it  fast  round  my  body,  and  sprang  from  the  chock  into  the  sea.  Although  the  crew  of  the  brig  observed  every  precaution  in  their  power,  I  was  unavoidably.dragged  under  the  water  for  a  minute  or  two  before  I  could  get  on  board,  and  when  I  at  length  reached  her  deck,  I  was  nearly  senseless.  She  proved  to  be  the  Mitchel  Grove,  Mr.  RaWson  master,  bound  from  Littlehampton  to  Sunderland,  with  timber.-  Captain  Rawson  and  his  crew  all  treated,  me  with  the  greatest  kind kindness  ness kindness  and  hospitality,  and  at  four  p.  m.  on  the  following  d  a  y,  the  brig  anchored  in  Dover  Roads.  The  weather  was  then  moderate,  and  Captain  Rawson,  having  lowered  a  boat,  landed  me  at  Dover.  I  made  application  to  the  owners'  agent,  who  furnished  me  with  the  means  of  com  i  ng  t  o  ndon,  and  on  the.same  evening  I  arrived  in  Loudon,-and  lost  no  time  in  reporting  the  loss  of  the  ship  to  the  owners.  I  further  declare  that  when  the  ship  went  down  the  light  on  Bcachy  'lfead.  bore  from  N.  E.  by  E.,  distant  about  sixteen  miles,  and;  ,to  the  best  of  my  judgment,  in  about  twenty  fathoms  of  water.  I  believe  that  every  person  on  board  of  her,  with  the  exception  of  myself,  perished.  I  cannot  account  for'the  circumstance  of  the  ship  foundering  in  the  manner  she  did,  otherwise  than  upon  the  presumption  that  a  butt  end  must  have  started,  either  from  her  having  struck  upon  a  wreck,  or  from  some  other  cause  unknown  to  It  is  stated  that  the  ship  and  cargo  were  insured  for  a  sum  amounting  to  about  £70,000.  MURDER  IN  LIVERPOOL  A  murder  of  an  unprovoked  and  brutal  character  was  perpetrated  in  Charles-street,  in  this  town,  shortly  before  one  o'clock  yesterday  morning.  The  circumstances  under  which  it  occurred  seem  to  be  as  follows  :—Richard  Crispin,  and  John  Crimp,  two  seamen  belonging  to  the  schooner  Compeer,  Gaptain  Weeks,  now  lyi  ng  i  n  the  Canning  Dock,  were  passing  through  Charles-street  shortly  before  one  o'clock,  when  they  met  an  American  seam  an  named  Wil Williams.  liams. Williams.  Crispin  it  would  appear  remarked  when  passing  Williams  by  there  goes  a  Yankee  son  of  a  upon  which  Williams  turned  sharply  round,  and  a  quarrel  en ensued.  sued. ensued.  Whilst  the  quarrel  was  proceeding  a  Spanish  sea seaman  man seaman  named  Manuel  Montero,  belonging  to  a  Spanish  vessel,  the  Triumfante  came  out  of  a  brothel  in  the  neigh neighbourhood,  bourhood, neighbourhood,  walked  deliberately  up  to  Crispin  and  his  com companion,  panion, companion,  and  without  the  slightest  pro  Vocation  stabbed  b  o  th  men  in  the  left  groin,  and  almost  in  the  same  place.  In  the  confusion  which  ensued  Montero  escaped,  and  in  a  short  time  police  officer  No.  202  (  Neal)  got  both  the  wounded  men  removed  to  the  Northern  Hospital,  but  Crispin  died,  from  loss  of  blood,  almost  immediately  after  his  admission,  whilst  the  surgeons  were  examining  the  wound.  Crimp  is  very  danger dangerously  ously dangerously  wounded,  and.  serious  doubts  are  entertained  as  to  his  chance  of  recovery.  After  stabing  both  men,  Montero  again  entered  the  brothel  with  his  bloody  knife  in  his  hand.  He  wiped  the  knife  on  his  trowsers  to  clear  it.  from  the  marks  of  blood,  cooly  remarking  in  broken  algiish  that  he  had  rumped  (stabbed)  two  d—  English  men.  On  examination,  it  was  found.  that  the  large  vein  running  from  the  body  to  the  thigh  had  been  severed  in  the  deceased,  'and  the  other  man  was  stabbed  within  a  quarter  of  an  inch  of  the  same  place,  the  point  of  the  knife  just  missing  the  vein.  Montero  would  appear  to  have  made  an  appointment  to  go  to  Cheshire  with  two  females  in  the  house  out  of  which  he  came  when  he  stabbed  the  deceased,  and  last  evening  he  again  called  at  the  house.  Information  being  given  to  the  police,  11.2  was  taken  into  custody.  Williams  the  man  with  whom  the  deceased  originally  quarrelled,  was  also  taken  into  custody,  in  consequence  of  a  female  stating  that  she  saw  him  kick  the  deceased.twicc  whilst  he  was  down.  This  Williams  admitted  at  the  police-office,  and  both  prisoners  were  locked  up.  The  inquest  on  the  body  will  be  held  this  day.  Williams  is  a  seaman  belonging  to  the  ship  Edward  Stanley.  The  deceased  was  the  son  of  Captain  Thomas  Crispin,  of  the  Lily,of  Selcombe,  and  was  a  highly  respectable  young  man.  He  had  sailed  with  Captain  Weeks,  in  the  Compeer,  since  April  last.  The  other  young  man  who  was  stabbed,  was  mate  of  the  schooner  Sarah  Jane,  Captain  Lakey,  and  is  also  respectably  connected  in  the  west  of  England.  DEATH  nom  FIRE.--A  child  named  Galvin,  aged  abou  three  years„  was  burned  to  death  on  Friday,  un  d  er  th  following  melancholy  circumstances.  It  appeared  that  th  mother  of  the  deceased  lived  in  a  room  in  a  lane  off  James's  street,  and  that  she  left  the  child  alone  in  this  apartment  in  which  fire  was  burning,  '  and  on  her  return  in  tei  minutes  afterwards,  she  found  him  enveloped  . STYLE=superscript  in  flames  Every  effort  having  been  made  by  the  poor  woman's  friend  in  the  neighbourhood  to  quench  the  flames,  the  boy  wa  brought  to,  Steevenes  .hospital,  where  he  died  in  two  how  afterwards,  SUPPOSED  SUICIDE  AT  WEST  DERBY  FROM  UNREQUITED  LOVE.-MYSTERIOUS  CASE.  On  Saturday  an  inquest  was  held  at  Club-moor,  before  C.  E.  Driflield,  Esq.,  the  coroner'  for  the  district,  on  the  body  of  a  young  woman  whose  name  turns  out  to  be  Maria  Clarkson,,  eighteen  years  of  age,  and  whose  remains  were  discovered  on  Thursday  evening  last  by  a  servant  man,  John  Caton,  in  the  employ  of  B.  H.  Jones,  Esq.,of  Lark-hill,  West  Derby.  It  appears  that  whilst  Caton  was  in  a  field  close  to  Mr.  Jones's  residence,  he  observed  the  body  of  a  female  floating  on  the  surface  of  a  pond  in  the  field.  On  the  body  being  dragged  to  the  land  it  was  found  to,  be  in  a:  state  of  decomposition,  and  had  evidently  been  in  the  water  some  days.  It  is  probable,  from  letters,  which  were  found  in  the  possession  of  the  deceased,  and  which  were  produced  at  the  inquest  on  Saturday,  that  the  unfortunate  deceased  commit committed  ted committed  self-destruetion  in  consequence  of  an  attachment  she  had  formed  to  a  young  man  at  Fleetwood,  being  unrequited.  The  parents,  who  are  recently  dea  , STYLE=superscript  l,  resided  at  Fleetwood,  and  her  father  carried  on  the  business  of  a  tailor,  and  also  an  hotel-keeper,  at  that  place.  The  first  witness  examined  on  the  inquest  was  John  Caton,  who  deposed  to  dis discovering  covering discovering  the  body,  and  taking  it  out  -of  the  pond  assisted  E.  by  a  fellow-seriant,  named  Robert  Jackson.  Mrs.  Morris,  31,  :Evertors-village,  'said  she  knew  the  deceased,  who  'entered  - STYLE=superscript  her  service  on  Monday,  the  26th  September.  On  the  evening  .  of  .Tuesday,  the  4th  October,  at  about  a  quarter  to  seven,.ueceased  went  for  sonic  candles,  but  did  not  return  till  half-past  eight  next  morning,  when  she  said  that  she  was  chased'  by  two  men;  -and  that  she  . STYLE=superscript  was  frightened  and  lost-  her  ways  She  looked  very  .  untidy.  Witness  did  not  say  much  to  her,  as  it  was  not  her  intention  to  retain  her.  She  desired  her-  to.  take  her  'breakfast,  and  then  carry  the  elothes  to  mangle.  Deceased  did  as  directed,  but  did  not  return,  and  witness  had  heard  nothing  f  ur  th  er  of  her  until  seeing  the  body.  Some  other  witnesses  having  been  examined,  the  jury,  after  ten  minutes  deliberation,  returned  the  following  That  the  deceased  was  found  drowned  in  a  pond,  but  how  or  by  what  means  she  got  into  it,  there  was  no  evidence  to  The  letters  to  which  we  have  alluded,  as  having:  been  found  upon  the  deceased,  were  three  in  number,  and  apparently  from  a  suitor  at  Fleetwood.  The  first  letter  breathed  attachment  to  the  deceased,  and  the  second  which  seemed  to  be  in  reply  to  the  deceased's  complaint  of  being  hard  worked,  stated  that  hard  work  was  good  for  the  health.  The  third  letter  expressed  the  wish  of  the  writer  that  deceased  would  forget  GALE  ON  TILE  IRISH  COA  ST;—The  steamship  Adiniral,  of  Glasgow,  which  left  Londonderry  for  Liverpool,  on  Thursday,  did  'not  arrive  here  until  yesterday  morning,  about  11  o'clock.  She  met  with  a--violent  storm;  and  was  obliged  to  put  into  Belfast  for  coal  and  provisions.  The  steamer  Sea  Nymph,  which  left  Newry,  for  Liverpool,  at  half  past  eleven  o'clock,  on  Saturday  •  morning,  did  not  arrive  here  until  half-past  five  o'clock  last  night.  A  heavy  sea  was  running  during  the  whole  of  her  passage,  and  the  force  of  the  gale  carried  away  her  figure  head.  DEATH  FROM  SCARLET  FEVER.—On  Friday  after afternoon;  noon; afternoon;  at  half-past  six  .  o'clock,  as  James  Roberts,  134,  was  on  duty  at  Seacombe  slit),  a  man,  he  did  not  know,  came  to  him  in  a  boat,  bringing  the  dead  body  of  a  child.  He  stated  that  lie  was  an  emigran  .  had  engaged  his  passage  on  board  the  Ne  World;  the  deceased  was  his  son  A  person,  in  .  ,  ,_  ,  terpreting  for  him,  stated  that  he  was  a  native  of  Prussia.  A  medical  man  deposed  that  the  child  died  of  scarlet  fever,  and  the  coroner's  jury  on  Saturday  found  a  verdict  accordingly.  A  DRUNSEN  MOTHER.—An  inquest  Was  held  on  Saturday  on  the  body  of  a  child  named  Jane  'Sher 'Sherwood,  wood, 'Sherwood,  agedoue  year  and  10  months..  About  six.  weeks  ago  the  child  was  Acalded  by  some  hot  coffee  falling  on  its  breast  at  its  parents  residence  in  Jordan-street,  and  it  died  on  the  21st  inst.  The  mother,  Jane  Isherwood  had,  in  her  evidence,  told  a  terrible  Story..  She  went  out,  leaving  her  four  children  in  the  house,  ad STYLE=superscript  stayed  away  all  day,  re returning  turning returning  drunk  at  half  - STYLE=superscript  pest  seven  at  night,  as  s  h  e  confessed  was  her  custo,  and  as  another  witness  also  swore,  was  her  continual  habit.  Whilst  she  was  out,  the  poor  child  met  with  the  accident,  which,  after  a  lingering  period  of  torture,  terminated  in  death.  The  jury,  in  returning  a  verdict  of  ac accidental  cidental accidental  death,  said  there  was  gross  and  culpable  neglect  on  the  part  of  the  mother,  but  the  coroner  said  that  such  an  verdict  would  amount  to  one  of  manslaughter,  so  those  words  were  left  out  Of  the  finding.  The'coroner,  however,  said  that  there  was  no  doubt  that,  in  - STYLE=superscript  this  case,  a  moral  man manslaughter  slaughter manslaughter  had  been  committed.  -  THE  TUNE  CHANGED.—For  the  first  day  Richard  Cobden  was  supreme  at  the  Peace  Congress  :  the  bagpipers  played  nothing  but  Oh  Richard,  oh  112022  Rol  !  On  the  second  day,  however,  after  Old  Admiral  Napier  had  fired  off  his  speech,  nothing  was  heard  but—Charlie  is  my  Darling.  Punch.  It  is  a  curious  fact,  that  the  fighting  at  an  election,  and  that  in  Turkey,  are  for  the  same  object—the  one  being  about  a  seat,  the  other  about  a  form.—Diogenes.  ACCTDENT  ON  BOARD  A  STEAMER.—During  the  voya  the  Duchess  of  Kent  from  Liverpool  to  Dubla  ,  on  Su  last,  a  seaman  named  Lionel  Evans,  aged  32  years,  fell  from  the  mast  head  to  the  deck  and  was  very  serif  He  was  conveyed  to  Jervis-street  Hospital  where  he  now"
