text
"I'ORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  DEATH  OF  THE  n`  DEATH  OF  PORTUGAL.  [BY  ELECTRIC  TELEGRAPH.]  LATEST  INTELLIGENCE.  render.  Northern  Daily  Times  Office,  Nine  O'clock,  a.m.  MONDAY,  NOVEMBER  21,  1853  At  Oltenitza,  the  Turks  retained  an  island  be between  tween between  the  two  banks  of  Ergervum.  Accounts  of  Oct.  29th  state  that  a  column  of  Russian  troops,  on  the  march  to  reinforce  the  garrison  of  Pali,  had  been  surprised  by  the  snow,  and  was  blocked  up  in  one  of  the  defiles  near  Kara.  It  was,  therefore,  Nought  probable  that  the  place  must  soon  sur  PARIS,  BOURSE,  SATURDAY.  Business  more  animated  than  for  some  days  past,  owing  to  the  report  that  the  Turks  had  re-crossed  the  Danube.  Threes  opened  at  73f.  25c.,  closed  at  73f.  65c.,  Four-and-a  Half  closed  at  99f.  70c.  The  Herman  brought  693,000  dollars,  of  which  471,000  are  for  London,  the  rest  for  Havre.  LONDON  CABINET  COUNCIL.—The  Council  sat  for  three  hours  on  Saturday.  The  Times,  in  a  leading  article,  states  that  the  scale  on  which  hostilities  have  been  commenced  between  Turkey  and  Russia  eaves  no  hope  of  a  speedy  termination  of  this  con-  flict  by  any  direct  arrangement  between  the  belli belligerentpowers,  gerentpowers, belligerentpowers,  for  the  Sultan  has  publicly  announced  his  determination  to  take  the  field  in  the  spring,  and  the  Emperor  of  Russia  will  certainly  be  roused  by  the  humiliating  outset  of  this  campaigne,  to  prosecute  the  war  with  increased  energy.  On  the  other  hand,  the  combined  fleets  of  Eng-  land  and  France  have  advanced  to  a  position  from  which  they  can  never  recede  until  they  have  ob obtained  tained obtained  the  great  object  of  their  intervention,  namely  restoration  of  peace,  on  terms  not  injurious  or  un unfavourable  favourable unfavourable  to  the  Ottoman  Empire.  In  reply  to  the  natural  expression  What  is  to  be  the  Times  conceives  that  the  course  to  be  followed,  under  certain  contingencies,  ought  to  be  de determined  termined determined  with  precision,  and  the  increase  to  the  employed  for  the  attainment  of  our  object  distinctly  provided.  At  present  no  such  agreement  of  engagement  exists  either  between  this  country  or  Turkey,  or  this  country  and  France,  and  it  would  be  irrational  to  proceed  to  any  acts  of  warfare  especially  under  circumstances  so  peculiar  with without  out without  a  clear  knowledge  of  the  nature  of  our  policy,  and  the  expression  of  our  obligation.  The  French  government  appears  to  be  strongly  impressed  with  the  necessity  of  such  an  agree agreement,  ment, agreement,  and  the  Times  has  reason  to  believe  that  they  have  testified  their  readiness  to  conclude  a  treaty  of  pacification  with  the  country,  which  would,  of  course,  be  open  to  the  adhesion  of  the  other  great  powers  for  the  purpose  of  imposing  terms  of  peace  on  the  billigerents,  and  endeavouring  to  terminate  the  war,  two  memorable  precedents  are  quoted  for  such  a  course,  namely,  the  Treaty  of  London,  of  July,  1827,  and  the  Quadruple  Treaty  of  1840.  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLMER,  of  21  Oxford-street,  at  his  General  Pr  intin STYLE=superscript  g  and STYLE=superscript  Stationer STYLE=superscript  y  Establishment,  1.9,  South  John-street,  Liverpool.  MONDAY,  NOVEMBER  21,  1853."
