text
"and  openly  sacrificed  and  commercial,  and  )st,  even  to  the  lif  blood  and  the  most  iped  his  night-robe  has  taken  Enzlish  empire  or  Turkish  safety;  It  has  vent  its  time  in  trashy  and  with  which  the  Czar  ha..  nn  crinnln  stem  awling  notes  and  is  now  in  the  position  to  be  drawn  into  au  endless  series  of  false  mools  and  destructive  compulsionl  It  has  called  itself  the  strongest  state  in  Chri,stendom,  yet  it  has  sheltered  its  own  inaction  behind  the  fears  and  trepidations  of  kingdoms  which  no  One  could  expect  to  take  in  a,  which  adhere  to  England,  old  to  Prussia  by  English  hands.  Those  the  lead  in  opposition  to  Rus  are  day  bir  di  which'  d  „Ive  any  signs  or  disin  - STYLE=superscript  clination  to  b,ccOnr  RussiAu—are  doubly  sold  and  doubly  purchased  by  Eats=  and  England  in  conjunction.”  is  now  evident  that  - STYLE=superscript  nothing  will  wake  the  sleeping  English  PEOPLE  but  the  occupation  of  Constantinople  (no  one  know  how  soon  that  event  may  arrive),  and  then  it  wili  be  TOO  LATE  !  We  do  not  concur  in  all  that  is  here  said.  But  we  have  not  the  smallest  doubt  in  the  world,  that  these  passages  are,  in  the  main,  a  true  representa representation  tion representation  of  European  opinion,  and  that  the  unanimity  of  its  expression  has,  as  we  have  said,  forced  the  British  Cabinet  to  pluck  We  could  not,  however,  have  anticipated,  before  we  read  the  above  passage  from  the  Times,  that  they  were  waiting  for  one  of  their  own  agents  to  arrive  at  a  decision  for  them  THE  GRAND  DUKE  01?  TUSCANY  is  again  acting  a  part  in  the  drama  of  Despotism,  before  the  eyes  of  civilized  Europe.  Scarcely  has  the  remembrance  of  one  tyrannical  deed  of  his  passed  from  the  pub public  lic public  mind  than  he  perpetrates  another,  hardly  less  odious  in  character,  and,  certainly,  not  less  unjus  tifiable  in  principle,  than  that  - STYLE=superscript  which  immediately  preceded  it.  This  modern  CALIGULA  has,  evidently,  a  peculiar  penchant  for  torturing  poor,  weak,  inno innocent,  cent, innocent,  and  inoffensive  women,  and  upon  very  flimsy  pretences.  In  this  revolting  particular  he  resembles  his  illustrious  contemporary,  NICHOLAS  1.,  of  neither  or  memory  and  the  brutal  flogging  of  the  Basilian  Nuns,  as  well  as  the  incarceration  and  petty  persecution  of  the  MADIAI  and  Miss  MARGARET  etTIi!iINGHA3IE,  will  long  be  re remembered  membered remembered  together  as  unparalleled  examples  of  modern  barbarity  in  the  persons  of  the  Muscovite  CZAR,  and  his  Florentine  Brother.  Par  nobile  fratrunt  !  In  this  extraordinary  age  of  printing,  and  rail railroads,  roads, railroads,  and  electric  telegraphs  —this  age  of  realized  Utopias  !—when  thought  is  transmitted  with  the  rapidity  of  the  lightning-flash  ;  and  when  the  gen gentle  tle gentle  humanity  of  our  laws  provides  even  against  the  infliction  of  cruelty  to  animals—such  deeds  as  those  to  which  we  advert,  may,  indeed,  fill  us  with  wonder  and  concern.  They  too  forcibly  remind  us  of  an  era  in  the  world's  history—from  the  con contemplation  templation contemplation  of  which  every  sensitive  and  cultivated  mind  turns  away  aghast  !---When  the  race  was  im imsed  sed imsed  in  the  slough  of  barbarism,  and  when,  with  ss  and  keenness  of  the  blood-hound.  all  the  swift'  Who  would  not  instinctively  shrink  from  the  presence  of  a  spectre  ?  BELSHAZZAR  trembled  when  he  beheld  the  hand-writing  on  the  wall!  MACBETH  nerved  !  And  shall  creep  up  from  its  slimy  charnel  house,  and  once  again  stalk  abroad  in  the  golden  cerement  sunlight  of  European  civilization,  and  fling  its  tainted  odours  in  the  pure  face  of  Heaven,  and  not  fill  us  with  horror  and  alarm  ?  tentatE  to  aver  th  he  is  bound  to  conform  to  the  letter  of  some  municipal  requirement  and  that  in"
