text
"FROM  OUR  LONDON  CORRESPONDENT.  LONDON,  MONDAY  THE  news  received  - STYLE=superscript  by  the  foreign  mails  this  morning  is  •  decidedly  warlike.  There  is  scarcely  any  speculation  upon  the  chances  of  peace  being  preserved;  indeed  there  are  no  facts  to  educe  it,  except  that  ,which  was  known  some  time  ago,  namely,  that  a  final  note  has  been  addressed  to  the  Czar  by  the  two  Western  pOwers,  distinctly  informing  him  that  they  could  not  assent  to  any  interposition  on  Tait,  •  affecting  the  -independ -independence STYLE=superscript  ence -independence  or  integrity  of  the  Ottoman  Dominions.  Upon  the  acceptance  this  note  by  the  Emperor,  hangs  the  question  of  peace  or  War.  How  he  is  likely  to  deal  with  it,  may  be  inferred  perhaps  from  the  reception  he  is  said  to  have  given  to  the  conditional  declaration:  of  war  he  became  furious,  says  the  reporter,  accepted  the  issue,  and  avowed  war  to  the  knife.  -  Such  an  avowal,  his  captains  may  interpret  into  a  hint  that  they  are  to  shew  no  quarter  to  the  Turks,  and  we  may  consequently  look  for  the  most  hideous  astrocities,  unless  the  civilization-  of  Western  Europe  is  used  with  the  . STYLE=superscript  two  powers,  to  compel  them  to  carry  on  the•  anticipated  war  with  some  regard  to  humanity.  _  _  The  manifesto  which  the  .P  - STYLE=superscript  orte,bas  addressed  to  the  Powers,  and  .  to  its  own  people,  was  published  by  the  Daily  News  this  morning,  to  the  exclusion  Of  all  contemporaries.  .  So  far  as  I  am  aware,  this  document  has  not  appeared  in  any  foreign  journal.  There  was  just  time,  before  the  sailing  of  the  packet,  which  left  Constantinople  on  the  3d,  for  some  active  agent  in  that  city  to  'get  hold  of  the  document  and  thrust  it  into  the  bags  as  the  vessel  was  moving  off.  If  this  was  done  in  the  case  of  the  EngliSh  journal,  it  was  one  of  the  innumerable  instances  of  the  zeal  and  activity  which  distinguish  the  British  press,  which  you,  though  young,  participate  ;  but  if  it  was  obtained  from  any  of  the  embassies,  or  from  some  edition  of  the  Vienna  or  Paris  journals,  there  has  been  merely  a  casus  omisus  on  the  part  of  the  Competitors  of  the  Daily  News.  However,  we  have  the  document  ;  and  if  your  space  will  enable  you  . STYLE=superscript  to  give  it,  h  think  your  readers  will  find  it  a  clear,  calm,  dignified,  and  most  reasoning  exposition,  in  which,  compared  with  the  Russian  papers  already  published,  all  the  advantages  of  argument  and  justice  are  on  the  side  of  the  Misbeliever.  This  Manifesto  notifies  to  the  Powers,  that  after  fruitless  endeavours  to  preserve  peace,  the  Porte  has  been  obliged  to  declare  war  ;  that  Omer  Pacha  is  to  demand  from  PrinCe  Gortschakoff  the  evacua  tiou  of  the  Principalities,  and,  to  commence  hos hostilities  tilities hostilities  if,  after  a  delay  of  15  days  from  the  receipt  of  the  demand  at  the  Russian  head  quarters,  a  negative  answer  should  be  returned.  So  much  for  the  demand.  Now,  see  the  spirit  in  which  the  anticipated  refusal  will  be  met  by  the  Misbe Misbeliever:—  liever:— Misbeliever:—  The  commercial  relations  of  the  respective  subjects  of  the  two  governments  shall  be  broken  off.  At  the  same  time  the  Sublime  Porte  will  not  consider  it  just  to  lay  an  em embargo  bargo embargo  upon  Russian  merchant  vessels  as  has  been  the  practice.  Consequently,  they  will  be  warned  to  resort  either  to  the  Black  Sea  or  to  the  Mediteranean  Sea,  as  they  shall  think  fit  within  a  term  that  shall  hereafter  be  fixed.  Moreover,  the  Ottoman  Porte  being  .  unwilling  to  place  hindrance  in  the  way  of  commercial  intercourse  between  the  subjects  of  friendly  powers  will,  during  the  war,  leave  the  straits  open  to  their  mercantile  There  is  an  infinitely  superior  tone  of  humanity  and  civilization  about  this  notification,  than  in  the  anger  of  the  Czar  or  the  instruments  of  his  diplo diplomatists.  matists. diplomatists.  .....  I  perceive  by  a  despatch  from  Vienna,  that  they  have  news  there  of  the  above  declaration  having  been  received  at  the  head  quarters  of  the  Russian  army;  for  they  say  that  the  fifteen  days'  notice  will  expire  on,  the  25th,  that  is  to-morrow  week.  Prince  Gortschakoff  must  therefore  have  received  it  this  day  week,  the,  10th;  but  it  is  difficult  to  comprehend  how  it  could  have  reached  the  Em Emperor  peror Emperor  in  time  for  us  .to  know  his  sentiments  upon  it  as  they  are  described  above.  Certainly  the STYLE=superscript  Manifesto  might  have  caught  him  somewhere  upon  his  journey  from  Berlin  to  St.  Petersburg;  and  fatigue  or  excite excitement  ment excitement  of  rapid  travelling  over  Russian  or  Polish  roads  —enough  to  discOmpos6  any  ma  n's  temper,  may  account  for  the  impetuosity  of  the  expressions  attributed  to  him.  But  it  is  not  deemed  credible  here,  .  that  the  horrible  Contingency  which  he  is  made  to  evoke  in  the  Paris  correspondence  of  the  Times,  hag  arty  better  foundation  than  the  hot  and  hasty  declamatory  language  common  among  poli political  tical political  refugees  both  in  Paris  and  London,  Within  their  own  exclusive  circles.  -  Austria,  we  are,  told,  will  remain  neutral  between  Turkey  and  Russia.  This  position  is  the  safety  of  her  empire.  We  are  told  likewise,  indeed  the  de decree  cree decree  appears  in  the  Vienna  papers  which  arrived  this  morning,  that  she  has  reduced  her  army  75,000  men.  This  will  be  some  relief  to  her  ex exhausted  hausted exhausted  exchequer.  It  may,  indeed  be  one  of  the  conditions  of  obtaining  the  loan  her  necessities  so  much  need,  in  order  to•  carry  on  the  current  business  . STYLE=superscript  of  the  Government,  over  and  beyond  that  more  potent  one,  that  peace  is  to  be  preserved.  Probably  it  is,  though  there  are  very  serious  mis  givings  in  military  quarters  in.  London.  Many  people  think  it  is  only  a  feint  to  blind  the  eyes  of  Western  Europe  ;  at  all  events,  one  object  of  it  is  to  secure  some  opportimity  of  striking  at  the  re revolutionary  volutionary revolutionary  sentiment,  by  putting  the  leaders  of  the  movement  in  a  false  position,  for  it.  is  distinctly  stated,  that  if  there  are  revolutionary  risings,  or  if  the  Porte  avails  itself  of  the  services  of  revolu revolutionary  tionary revolutionary  agents,  Austria  will  be  at  liberty  to  depart  from  her  neutrality.  There  has  been  a  good  deal  of  speculation  afloat  as  to  the  point  where  the  war  will  break  out.  Opinion  is  generally  against  the  banks  of  the  Danube,  owing  to  local  circumstances  and  to  the  unfavourable  nature  of  the  season:  The  Black  Sea  and  the  Crimea  will,  from  externalappearances,  be  the  first  menace  4  with  the  ultimo  ratio.  .  The  funds  remain  comparatively  stationary.  There  is  much  susceptibility  on  the  part  of  jobbers  and  dealers  ;  but  the.  general  public  are  little  influenced  by  the  crisis  which  is  disturbing  the  political  world.  -  The  reports  of  an  early  meeting  of  parliament  still  continue,  and  they  appear  to  derive  support  from  the  general  activity  visible  in  every  office  in  Whitehall  and  Downing  Street..  At  present,  the  prerogation  is  till  the  27th.  ,The  next  proclamation  in  all  likelihood  will  be  for  the  legislature,  to  assemble  for  the  despatch  of  urgent  and  important  But  that  depends  not  upon  Lord  Aberdeen  or  Lord  Clarendon,  nor  indeed  on  the  whole  cabinet;  but  upon  the  Emperor  of  Russia,  and  the  Turkish  Commander."
