text
"ARCHITECTURAL  SOCIETY.  The  fortnightly  meeting  of  this  society  was  held  last  night,  in  the  Royal  Institution.  The  attendance  of  members  was  exceedingly  numerous.  Mr.  VERELST  presided.  Mr.  Robertson,  Mr.  Bristowe,  Mr.  Mason  and  other  gentlemen  attended  as  a  deputation  on  the  part  of  the  me memorialists  morialists memorialists  to  the  town  council  against  the  high-level  bridge  scheme,  to  present  the  society  with  two  books  of  architectural  drawings  and  engravings,  in  testimony  of  the  aid  they  had  derived  from  the  society  in  opposing  the  above  project.  Mr.  ROBERTSON,  in  presenting  the  books,  said  that  he  would  explain  in  a  few  words  why  he  appeared  aniongst  them.  It  was  well  known  that  a  proposal  had  lately  been  brought  before  the  town  council,  for  constructing  a  high highlevel  level highlevel  bridge  from  Shaw's-brow  to  Dale-street  ;  but  a  number  of  the  owners  and  occupiers  of  property  in  and  about  that  locality,  justly  thinking  that  such  a  measure  would  greatly  injure  their  interests,  memorialised  the  council  in  opposi opposition  tion opposition  to  the  scheme.  In  consequence  of  that  memorial  he  need  not  inform  them  that  the  project  had  been  for  a  time  abandoned;  and  the  memorialists  finding  that  there  was  a  considerable  balance  remaining  in  hands  of  the  money  sub subscribed  scribed subscribed  for  the  purposes  of  the  memorial,  thought  they  could  not  better  appropriate  it  than  by  presenting  the'  society  with  some  small  testimonial  in  acknowledgment  o  the  benefit  which  they  derived  from  it,  in  carrying  out  their  views  with  regard  to  town  improvements.  (Hear,  hear).  The  CHAIRMAN,  in  the  name  of  the  society,  thanked  the  memorialists  for  the  handsome  testimonial,  and  for  the  good  opinion  they  entertained  of  the  public  services  that  the  society  had  rendered  in  the  matter  of  the  improvement  of  Liverpool,  more  especially  with  regard  to  that  connected  with  the  high-level  bridge  over  Byrom-street.  Opinions,  doubtless,  differed  upon  the  advisability  of  this  measure  ;  but  looking  as  the  measure  by  itself,  the  society,  whose  opinion  might  be  considered  as  unbiassed,  considered  that  it  was  not  advisable.  (Hear,  hear.)  •  Mr.  Ann  exhibited  some  newly  constructed  door  hinges,  which  he  was  using  in  a  building  in  course  of  construction  in  Prince's-park.  _  The  CRAinmAx  called  attention  to  some  very  beautiful  specimens  of  coloured  decorations  for  rooms,  and  in  doing  so  observed  that  he  thought  such  decorations  as  essential,  if  not  more  so,  to  this  climate  than  to  Italy.  Mr.  Picrox  said,  that  this  matter  was  a  very  important  one,  and  that  the  absence  of  such  decorations  afforded  a  strong  proof  of  •  the  evils  resulting  from  mistaken  fiscal  regulations.  A  century  and  a  half  ago  most  houses  abov  e  the  common  had  decorated  ceilings,  but  they  at  once  decline  d  on  the  introduction  of  the  window  case,  in  consequence  o  the  necessity  which  was  thereby  created  all  the  reflected'  light  possible.  A  MEMBEK  exhibited  a  few  drawings,  illustrative  of  the  transition  in  church  decorations  between  the  Normans  and  the  early  English.  Mr.  COOPER,  of  Manchester,  exhibited  a  variety  of  speci specimens  mens specimens  of  articles  in  wrought  iron  glassed  over.  It  was  a  recent  invention,  and  was  patented  by  the  Patent  Tube  Company  in  Manchester.  The  articles  were  of  every  des description  cription description  and  in  ever)  , STYLE=superscript  colour,  and  the  great  advantage  of  the  invention  consists  in  this  :—.That  the  articles  can  be  kept  perfectly  pure  and  clean.  It  would  be  most  excellent  as  applied  to  cisterns  and  water  pipes.  A  lengthened  discussion  ensued  on  this  subject.  All,  however,  concurred  in  the  importance  of  the  invention,  and  expressed  a  determination  to  resume  its  considerations  on  a  future  evening."
