text
"TOWN  IMPROVEMENTS.  Mr.  SUMNERS  exhibited  a  very  beautiful  drawing  and  model  of  improvements  which  could  be  effected  in  the  neigh neighbourhood  bourhood neighbourhood  of  St.  George's  Hall.  He  observed  that  about  three  years  ago,  he  had  sent  in  a  design  to  the  town  im improvement  provement improvement  committee,  proposing  certain  improvements  at  St.  George's  Hall,  a  high-level  road,  and  providing  sites  for  a  free  library,  and  other  public  offices;  but  as  he  had  drawn  up  the  plan  on  an  independent  course,  the  committee,  although  admiring  .  the  design,  considered  that  it  could  not  be  put  in  competition,  inasmuch  as  it  was  not  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  the  advertisement.  Since  that  time  the  subject  of  town  improvements  had  become  one  of  general  interest,  and  much  discussion  had  taken  place  on  the  ques question  tion question  of  a  high-level  bridge.  He  thought  it  would  be  admitted  that  the  improvement  of  the  West  side  of  St.  George's  Hall  was  now  considered  to  be  one  of  the  best  and  most  advan advantageous  tageous advantageous  that  could  be  accomplished  ;  and  on  that  accounthe  felt  great  confidence  in  putting  before  the  meeting,  his  present  plan  for  improvement,  which,  he  might  observe,  was  based  on  his  former  design.  Mr.  Sumners  then  proceeded  to  ex explain  plain explain  his  plans,  which  our  space  will  not  permit  us  t  o  des describe  cribe describe  in  full.  The  principal  features  of  the  plan,  however,  may  be  thus  summed  up  :----He  proposes  to  construct  two  high-level  roads,  each  80  feet  wide,  from  the  north  and  south  portico  of  St.  George's  Hall,  by  :a  high-level  bridge  over  the  old  Hay-market  to  Dale-street,  and  also  a  low-level  road  from  Byrom-street,  through  the  old  Hay-market,  to  Dale-street.  He  proposes  to  remove  St.  John's  church  and  other  property  in  the  neighbourhood—to  cover  over  the  burial  ground  there—to  construct  beneath  the  high-level  roads  a  central  fire  depot,  and  having  obtained  a  grand  and  extensive  place  in  front  of  St.  George's  Hall,  to  group  around  it  with  artistic  effect  the  free  library,  the  salt-aths,  and  the  other  buildings  contemplated  in  the  town  improvements.  Mr.  BENNETT  said  that  he  had  seen  the  plan  only  that  evening,  and  that  he  had  looked  at  it  with  some  anxiety  to  see  if  it  in  any  way  interfered  with  the  contemplated  town  improvements  ;  but  he  was  very  happy  to  say  that  it  did  not.  (Hear,  hear).  Mr.  :PicroN  thought  that  plans  more  beneficial  to  the  town  in  an  architectural  and  economical  view  had  never  been  brought  forward,  and  he  therefore  felt  happy  in  givinc  , STYLE=superscript  to  the  gentlemen  who  had  d  es  i  gne  d  th  em  hi  s  mee  d  o  f  approbation.  Mr.  Picton  then  jokingly  alluded  to  the  position  in  which  Mr.  Robertson  and  the  other  memorialists  were  placed,  for  instead  of  one  high-level  bridge  they  were  about  to  be  visited  with  two.  He  principally  admired  the  plans  because  they  did  not  interfere  with  the  proposed  im improvements  provements improvements  as  respected  Dale-street  and  Shaw's-brow.  They  confirmed  his  views,  as  they  must  do  that  of  any  one  fully  considering  the  improvement  of  the  town  at  its  eastern  ap approach,  proach, approach,  that  a  straight  road  from  Byrom-street  to  Dale•  street  was  one  of  the  first  objects  that  ought  to  be  accom accomplished.  plished. accomplished.  Mr.  Picton  then  referred  to  the  various  contemplated  town  improvements,  and  said  that  without  pledging  himself  to  the  details  of  the  plans,  he  thought  them  fully  deserving  of  consideration.  There  were  some  details  connected  the  them  with  which  he  differed,  but  it  could  not  be  expected  that  they  could  be  produced  like  Minerva  from  Jnpiter's  brain,  fully  armed  and  equipped  at  all  points.  Such  an  op opportunity  portunity opportunity  might  possibly  never  again  occur,  and  the  subject  should  therefore  be  brought  before  the  town  in  every  possible  way.  No  doubt,  it  was  desirable  that  the  lanes  and  alleys  should  be  cleared  and  opened  up,  but  unless  they  concen concentrated  trated concentrated  their  efforts  they  could  accomplish  nothing  noble  or  grand.  (Hear,  hear.)  In  conclusion,  Mr.  Picton  expressed  his  resolve  to  give  the  plans  his  cordial  support,  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  J.  R.  :JFFFERY  said  that  he  had  given  this  subject  every  possible  consideration  ;  and  in  considering  the  ques question  tion question  of  town  improvements,  they  should  have  regard  to  two  matters—first,  that  the  improvements  were  adapted  to  the  requirements  of  the  locality  ;  and  secondly,  that  they  should  avoid  as  much  as  they  could  to  depreciate  the  property  at  present  in  existence.  (Hear,  hear.)  In  considering  this  matter  in  the  committee  they  were  agreed  that  the  straight  road  and  natural  thorough thoroughfare  fare thoroughfare  from  the  Lime-street  station  to  the  landing-stage,  was  through  Dale-street,  passing  the  Exchange,  and  down  Water-street.  And  seeing  th  .t  so  much  money  had  been  expended  On  that  magnificent  building,  St.  George's  Hall,  it  was  naturally  to  be  desired  that  every  improvement  should  tend  to  its  embellishment,  or  rather  to  the  making  manifest  of  its  many  beauties.  Mr.  Jeffery  then  proceeded  at  consi considerable  derable considerable  length  to  show  how  far  Mr.  Sumner's  plans  were  adapted  to  the  contemplated  improvements,  and,  in  conclu conclusion,  sion, conclusion,  warmly  eulogised  them.  Mr.  ROBERTSON  and  Mr.  BRISTOWE  declined  entering  on  the  consideration  of  Mr.  Sumner's  plans,  but  observed  that  they  obviated  much  of  the  objections  that  applied  to  the  first  scheme  of  the  high  level-bridge.  The  plans  and  model  are  to  be  left  at  some  public  place  of  resort,  for  public  inspection.  The  meeting  did  not  break  up  until  10  o'clock.  The  Duke  and  Duchess  of  Wellington  have  left  Paris  on  a  tour  in  Italy  during  the  winter.  The  Marquis  of  Lansdowne  has  returned  to  Bowood,  from  visiting  Lord  and  Lady  Ashburton,  at  the  Grange.  A  select  circle  are  about  to  assemble  at  Bowood.  We  regret  to  learn  that  the  Earl  of  Kinnoul  is  still  suf suffering  fering suffering  from  indisposition  at  Brighton.  THE  CONNAUGHT  SCRIPTURAL  AND  INDUSTRIAL  SCHOOLS.  ---Last  night,  a  public  meeting  was  held  in  the  Corn  Ex Exchange,  change, Exchange,  Hanging-ditch,  Manchester,  in  favour  of  these  schools,  when  there  was  a  very  numerous  attendance.  The  chair  was  occupied  by  Robert  Barbour,  Esq.  ATTEMPT  AT  ROBBERY.—Last  night,  a  sailor  somewhat  intoxicated,  charged  a  lad  with  stealing  his  watch,  in  North  John-street.  The  sailor  immediately  shouted,  Police  But,  as  usual,  when  the  services  of  those  gentlemen  are  required,  no  police  appeared,  and  the  thief  thereof  slipped  the  watch  into  the  sailor's  pocket.  Having  regained  his  property,  he  chastised  the  offender  himself.  SHOCKING  ACCIDENT.  —On  yesterday  morning,  at  about  11,  30  a.m.  '  a  carter  named  James  Peirpoint,  in  the  employ  of  William  Corfe,  in  unloading  his  cart,  consisting  of  casks  containing  fruit,  into  Herbert's  warehouse,  New-quay,  one  of  the  casks,  in  hoisting  with  slings,  not  being  properly  se secured,  cured, secured,  gave  way,  and  the  poor  fellow  underneath  received  the  cask  on  his  head,  ' STYLE=superscript  which  caused  death  instantly.  The  unfortunate  man's  remains  were  conveyed  to  the  dead-house  to  await  a  coroner's  inquest.  A  NEW  SYSTEM  OF  RAILWAYS.—The  Isle  of  Man  is  about  to  become  the  nucleus  of  a  new  patent  system  of  railways.  The  cost  of  construction  is  to  be  half  the  present  expense  ;  the  speed  of  travelling  double  that  now  common  on  rail railways;  ways; railways;  the  safety  of  the  passengers  quadrupled;  no  wheels  (except  ONE  PAIR  to  the  engine),  and  no  axletrees,  springs,  or  their  adjuncts;  all  is  to  go  on  the  sliding  of  sledges  constructed  to  carry  Two  only  in  each  compart compartment,  ment, compartment,  are  to  convey  with  noiseless  motion,  between  Douglas  and  Peel,  the  happy  who  may  cross  per  Fairy  or  Mona's  Queen  to  this  '  as  well  as  her  native  in inhabitants.  habitants. inhabitants.  People  are  to  glide  over  the  surface  of  the  earth,  like  a  bird  on  the  wing;  as  if  the  voice  of  steam  and  . STYLE=superscript  the  noise  of  many  weighty  wheels  had  sunk  into  sweet  harmony,  or  had  given  way  to  a  silence  seductive  to  the  songs  of  birds."
