text
"THURSDAY  NEXT.  BY  ORDER  OF  THE  TRUSTEES  OF  THE  LIVERPOOL  DOCKS.  On  account  of  whom  it  may  concern,  On  THURSDAY,  the  Bth  December  next,  at  Half-past  One  o'clock,  at  the  Brokers'  Saleroom,  18,  Chapel-street,  6  Bales  COTTON,  106  Bags  COTTON  PICKINGS.  35  Casks  SUGAR  SCRAPINGS,  57  Bags  RICE  SWEEPINGS,  1  Cask  COFFEE  SWEEPINGS,  20  Bags  NITRATE  OF  SODA  SWEEPINGS,  With  smaller  lots  of  Gambier,  Indian  Corn,  Linseed,  Myra Myrabolams,  bolams, Myrabolams,  Pearl  Sago,  Sago  Flour,  Valonia,  Wheat,  and  Flour  Sweepings,  Wool  Picking,  Ropes,  Rags,  Iron  Hoops,  Old  Bags,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.,  lying  in  the  Albert  Dock  Warehouses,  paid paidculars  culars paidculars  of  which  will  be  shortly  readv.—Apply  to  DANIEL  BUCHANAN,  SONS,  &amp;  CO.,  Brokers.  TO  TIMBER  MERCHANTS,  JOINERS,  AND  BUILDERS,  CABINET-MAKERS,  &amp;c.  On  THURSDAY,  the  Bth  December  next,  at  Eleven  o'clock,  a.m.,  on  the  Quay,  Victoria  Wharf,  Birkenhead,  and  previous  to  the  sale  of  Mahogany,  Rosewood,  &amp;c.,  6878  Bright  Yellow  PINE  DEALS,  1498  Bright  SPRUCE  DEALS,  1590  Standard  STAVES,  1760  W.O.  Puncheon  STAVES,  Just  landed  ex  screw-steamer  Sarah  from  Quebec.  —Apply  to  Messrs.  CARR  and  ROBINSON,  Merchants.  About  11,000  St.  Stephen's  SPRUCE  DEALS,  of  superior  quality  and  lengths,  572  Yellow  PINE  DEALS,  Now  landing_ex  from  Quebec.—On  account  of  the  IMPORTERS.  Also,  if  in  time,  4  Feet  HEMLOCK,  LATHWOOD,  PIPE  STAVES,  SPRUCE  DEALS.  &amp;c.  HOLME,  SLATER,  &amp;  CROOK,  Timber  Merchants  and  Brokers.  3,  Canning-st.,  Birkenhead  ;  and  7,  Water-st.,  Liverpool.  TO  TIMBER  MERCHANTS,  RAILWAY  CARRIAGE  BUILDERS,  MACHI  N  E-MAK  ERS,  CABINET CABINET.  . CABINET.  ,MAKERS,  SHIP-BUILDERS,  JOINERS,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  On  THURSDAY,  the  Bth  December  next,  at  Twelve  o'clock,  in  the  Honduras  Sheds,  Birkenhead,  230  Logs  Honduras  MAHOGANY,  Being  the  cargo  just  landed  ex  from  Belize  direct.  —Apply  to  Messrs.  HYDE,  HODGE,  &amp;  Co.,  Merchants.  140  Logs  and  Curls  Honduras  MAHOGANY,  Being  the  cargo  just  landed  ex  Crusader  , STYLE=superscript  from  Belize  direct.  —Apply-to  JOHN  CARMICHAEL,  Esq.,  Merchant,  These  cargoes  contain  every  variety  that  is  required  in  Honduras  Mahogany,  say  from  soft  plain  to  exceedingly  richly-figured  Cabinet  and  Veneer  Wood  ;  also  a  good  assort assortment  ment assortment  of  Counter-top,  Table,  and  Panel  Logs  ;  the  cargo  ex  is  remarkable  for  its  general  soundness  and  great  lengths,  most  of  it  being  in  logs  from  2  7  to  43  feet  long.  106  Planks  Bahia  ROSEWOOD,  Ex  Fairy  t  o  Messrs.  Jos.  TopLIS  and  Co.  299  Planks  Bahia  ROSEWOOD  Ex  Fairy  t  o  Messrs.  ARMSTRONG  and  BERET,  Merchants.  •  46  Planks  Rio  ROSEWOOD,  Ex  Thomas  to  Messrs.  MELLOR  and  EASON,  Merchants.  39  Planks  Rio  ROSEWOOD,  Ex  Thomas  to  Messrs.  J.  R.  llrTrox  and  Co.,  Merchants.  2  Cases  Bird-eyed  MAPLE  VENEERS,  Ex  Golden  to  FRAN  CIS  FOSTER,  Esq.,  Mer Merchant.  chant. Merchant.  215  Curls  United  States  WALNUT  WOOD,  Ex  William  account  of  the  IMPORTERS,  HOLME,  SLATER,.  &amp;  CROOK,  Timber  Merchants  and  Brokers.  3,  Canning-st.,  Birkenhead;  and  7,  Water-st.,  Liverpool.  WEDNESDAY,  NOVEMBER  30,  1863,  Is  our  jurisprudence  again  to  sanction  the  adop adoption  tion adoption  of  the  cat-o'  nine-tails  ?  Is  the  cart-tail  to  be  employed,  and  public  decorum  and  morality  out outraged  raged outraged  by  practices  long  since  abandoned  ?  Is  one  of  the  most  barbarous  of  our  penal  statutes  again  to  be  put  in  force  ?  In  fine,  are  we  to  retrograde  instead  of  advance  ;  and  from  the  height  of  modern  refinement  go  back  to  the  most  antiquated  cruel cruelties,  ties, cruelties,  which  even  yet  cast  a  slur  and  shade  upon  our  national  progress  and  renown  ?  The  Morning  Chronicle  of  Monday,  in  a  leading  article  again  advocates  the  employment  of  the  lash  upon  such  husbands  as  beat  or  otherwise  ill-treat  their  wives.  This  article  was  called  forth  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  a  letter  addressed  to  our  contemporary  by  A  Country  who,  most  justly,  as  we  conceive,  denounced  that  dernier  ressort  of  a  few  mistaken,  although  well-intentioned  people,  in  whom  the  almost  extinct  spirit  of  chivalry  seems  to  be  predominant.  Our  contemporary  in  its  present  advocacy  of  the  laws  of  retaliation,  goes  rather  too  far.  It  ob observes  serves observes  As  the  Executive,  in  awarding  punish punishment,  ment, punishment,  aims  at  satisfying  justice  as  well  as  prevent preventing  ing preventing  crime  in  others,  it  must  aportion  its  penalties  to  the  moral  state  of  the  Really  this  of  is  a  novel  thing  in  moral  therapeutics  !  We  always  thought  with  PALEY,  that  the  proper  end  of  human  punishment  is  not  the  satisfaction  of  justice,  but  the  prevention  of  and  yet  we  now  hear  of  justice  being  out outraged,  raged, outraged,  and  demanding  the  utmost  satisfaction.  In  what  says  our  author,  or  whether  with  truth  in  any  sense,  justice  may  be  said  to  de demand  mand demand  the  punishment  of  offenders,  I  do  not  now  inquire;  but  I  assert,  that  this  demand  is  not  the  motive  or  occasion  of  human  punishment.  .  .  .  The  fear  lest  the  escape  of  the  criminal  should  encourage  him,  or  others  by  his  example,  to  repeat  the  same  crime,  or  to  commit  different  crimes,  is  the  sole  consideration  which  authorises  the  inflic infliction  tion infliction  of  punishment  by  human  Whilst  we  admit  and  deprecate  the  prevalence  of  the  modern  iniquity  of  wife-beating,  we  can  by  no  means  sanction  the  employment  of  the  knout  as  either  a  proper  chastisement  for  the  offenders,  or  in  the  least  calculated  to  retard  the  perpetra perpetration  tion perpetration  of  this  brutal  and  unmanly  crime.  That  such  a  sanguinary  infliction  would  tend  to  benefit  the  community  is  highly  improbable  ;  and  as  to  its  being  calculated  to  check  the  mischief  by  the  salutary  terror  it  would  create,  is  all  moon moonshine  shine moonshine  !  The  past  week,  at  all  events,  has  afforded  demonstrative  evidence  of  this.  The  felon  MOBBS  has  been  executed  for  the  murder  of  a  woman  whose  course  of  life  was  anything  but  blameless.  And  what  is  the  result?  Why,  that  so  far  from  cases  of  cruelty  to  wives  having  lessened,  they  have  increased  both  in  number  and  in  barbarity.  Perhaps  no  one  week  can  be  remembered  wherein  so  many  and  such  flagrant  offences  of  this  character  have  been  committed  since  the  horrible  mania  began  to  exhibit  itself.  Now,  if  strangulation  has  proved  so  totally  ineffectual,  surely  flagellation  must  prove  more  so.  Both  practices  are  digusting  —brutalising—inefficacious  and  immoral.  And  even  had  we  substantial  grounds  for  admitting  the  employment  of  such  revolting  penalties  in  indivi individual  dual individual  cases—did  they,  in  truth,  tend  to  lessen  either  the  nature  or  degree  of  crime—the  injury  inflicted  thereby  upon  seciety  would  bear  no  comparison  to  the  benefits  otherwise  obtained.  But,  says  the  Morning  Chronicle,  A  wife-beater  cannot  be  punished  in  any  other  way  than  through  his  animal  nature,  because,  in  point  of  fact,  he  is  dead  to  any  other  retributory  infliction.  We  flog  him,  therefore,  or  propose  to  flog  him,  because,  looking  at  the  man  in  his  compound  nature,  there  is  literally  no  portion  of  it  which  can  yield  satisfac satisfaction  tion satisfaction  to  the  claims  of  justice,  except  his  physical  organisation.  If  we  could  make  him  suffer  in  any  other  way,  we  could  spare  the  cat-o'-nine-tails,  but  he  is  only  susceptible  in  this  one  par particular.  ticular. particular.  We  are,  therefore,  driven  to  the  whip  because  we  cannot  reach  him  in  any  other  It  astonishes  us  much  to  find  such  a  plea  put  forward  by  any  portion  of  the  public  Press,  at  a  time  when  corporeal  punishment  has  been  dismissed  frem  all  well-regulated  schools  and  respectable  families—when  even  naval  and  mili military  tary military  discipline  scarcely  allows  of  it  —and  when  all  generous  minds  must  fear  its  recurrence  with  horror  and  alarm.  If  men  are  so  brutalised,  that  moral  suasion  can  work  no  good  to  them—we  feel  assured  that  bloody  scourging  would  but  degrade  them  the  more,  and  render  their  hearts  more  blunt  and  callous  than  ever.  'Tis  the  nature  of  such  punishment  to  harden.  In  no  one  instance  can  it  work  good.  are  driven  to  the  whip,  because  we  cannot  reach  the  culprit  in  any  other  Indeed  !  This  was  the  very  principle  upon  which  the  over-piotmchaplain,of  one  of  our  _gaols-acted,  when  he  placed  the  poor  woman's  finger  to  the  blaze  of  a  candle,  just  as  she  was  about  to  be  exe executed,  cuted, executed,  in  order  to  convey  to  her  obtuse  intellect  an  idea  of  the  eternal  torments  of  the  damned  !  His  plea  was,  that  he  could  not  reach  her  in  any  other  way  ;  and  yet,  humanity  was  shocked,  as  well  it  might  !  and  denunciations,  earnest  and  ter terrible,  rible, terrible,  sat  upon  every  lip,  to  see  a  minister  of  reli religion  gion religion  burn  the  body  in  order  to  save  the  soul  of  a  poor  wretch  about  to  satisfy  on  the  scaffold  the  following  morning  !  Horrible  !  The  common  sympathies  of  humanity,  as  well  as  legal  enactments,  forbid  cruelties  to  woman.  The  Hindoo  law  says  :  Strike  not,  even  with  a  blossom,  thy  wife,  though  she  be  guilty  of  a  thou thousand  sand thousand  Nothing  is  so  degrading  and  debas debasing  ing debasing  to  a  man,  as  to  raise  his  hand  against  the  weaker  sex;  and  none  will  deny  but  that  such  an  act  merits  an  award  of  punishment  commensurate  with  the  character  of  the  offence.  But  to  justify  public  flagellation  on  this  ground  is  erroneous.  However  it  may  be  medicinally,  we  do  not  approve  legally  of  the  principle  :  Similia  similibus  curantur.  •We  think  it  shortsighted  and  criminal  policy,  to  chastise  one  crime  by  perpetrating  a  similat.  'Tis  absolute  folly  to  say  that  the  punishment  of  imprisonment  is  useless.  At  all  events,  it  gives  time  for  reflection  and  penitence—benefits  not  likely,,to  be  promoted  by  the  newly-proposed  mea measure.  sure. measure.  Let  us  first  of  all  try  lenient  retributive  justice,  ere  we  seek  to  increase  it  unnecessarily.  says  PALEY,  ought  not  to  be  employed,  much  less  rendered  severe,  when  crime  can  be  prevented  by  any  other  means.  .  .  .  .  Punishment  is  an  evil  to  which  the  magistrate  resorts  only  from  its  being  necessary  to  the  pre prevention  vention prevention  of  a  If  mild  and  moral  measures  do  not  bring  a  criminal  to  a  right  mind,  we  much  fear  no  sanguinary  code  will  effect  such  a  result.  Experience,  we  believe,  is  in  our  favor.  We  hope,  however,  that  those  horrible  barbarities  now  so  generally  inflicted  upon  women,  will  soon  cease  to  be  heard  of;  and  that  our  country  may  not  con continue  tinue continue  to  be  disgraced  by  acts  unknown  to  the  uncivilised  savage.  THE  corn  and  currency  question  of  America  is'  one  of  paramount  importance  to  England  at  the  present  moment.  The  policy  of  the  United  States  government  in  dealing  with  bullion  is  precisely  similar  to  that  which  they  have  pursued  with  the  State's  capital  in  land.  A  landed  aristocracy  and  a  bullionocracy  form  the  ne  plus  ultra  of  republican  antagonistics.  The  letter  and  spirit  of  American  legislation  has  therefore,  been,  from  the  days  of  WASHINGTON  down  to  the  present  hour  directed  against  the  creation  and  possible  existence  of  either  or  both.  In  dealing  with  bullion  the  Legislature  has,  as  far  as  it  was  practicable,  rendered  its  accumulation,  both  unprofitable  and  impolitic.  And  the  views  of  the  American  people  and  their  parliament  we  find  practically  carried  out  by  the  State's  bank  which  has  laid  down  a  rule  not  to  receive  the  gold  coin  of  the  States  at  more  than  3/.  16s  2d.  per  ounce,  which  is  Is.  Sid.  per  ounce  below  the  English  standard  price.  •  Leaving  this  startling  inducement  in  favour  of  the  export  of  gold  to  this  and  other  countries,  was  no  mere  oversight  on  the  part  of  the  American  statesmen  or  Legislature.  They  had  long  bestowed  their  attention  on  the  subject  of  money,  and  their  decision  shows  that  they  never  looked  on  gold  as  anything  but  a  commodity  which  was  of  less  valuefto  them  than  it  was  to  our  own  and  other  Euro European  pean European  countries.  As  a  commodity,  however,  gold  does  vary  in  value  in  America  totally  irrespective  of  the  value  it  bears  or  the  demand  that  exists  for  it  in  other  countries.  In  order  to  illustrate  this  fact  we  need  only  take  the  rates  of  exchange  betwe  enEn  gland  and  the  States  for  the  last  and  present  year.  In  the  month  of  September,  1852,  the  exchange  at  New  York  ruled  at  10i  to  104  per  cent.  when  money  was  only  worth  11  to  2  per  cent.  in  London.  And.  in  September  last,  when  money  was  worth  from  5  to  6  per  cent,  in  England,  bills  on  London  sold  as  low  as  91  to  98,  and  at  this  low  rate  the  amount  exported  to  this  country  is  con considerably  siderably considerably  more  than  the  amount  forwarded  in  1852.  The  gold  exported  from  the  States  in  the  month  of  October  last  year  was  1,465,254  dollars;  while  in  the  same  period  this  year  it  amounts  to  5,164,555  dollars.  This  shows  that  the  demand  for  money  in  this  country  has  had  a  tendency  to  lower  the  rates  of  exchange  in  New  York,  and  that,  despite  this  reduction  in  the  exchange,  the  quantity  shipped  is  more  than  three-fold  greater  than  when  the  rates  were  higher.  In  addition  to  this,  the  banks  and  bullion  holders  refuse  to  discount  bills  drawn  against  produce  shipped  to  Europe,  as  they  apprehend  that  such  a  course  would  lead  to  further  imports  of  gold  previous  to  those  bills  arriving  at  maturity,  in  which  case  gold  might  become  depreciated  in  value,  and  thereby  the  holders  of  produce  bills  would  lose  the  difference  between  the  present  and  the  reduced  value  of  bullion.  This  being  the  monetary  position  of  the  States,  all  efforts  at  speculation  in  corn  have  thus  far  been  ,attended  with  considerable  risk  and  diffi difficulty.  culty. difficulty.  And  seeing  the  rapid  influx  of  bullion  into  the  Union,  we  do  not  think  that  bills  drawn  upon  this  country,  which  has  always  paid  bullion  for  breadstuffs,  will  be  likely  to  meet  with  more  favour  for  some  time  to  come.  Already  the  pressure  for  money  in  the  American  corn  markets  has  led  to  forced  shipments  considerably  in  advance  of  those,  in  the  famine  year  of  1846.  In  October  of  the  latter  year  the  exports  of  flour  were  163,967  barrels,  and  of  wheat  222,380  bushels.  For  the  same  month  of  this  year  the  shipments  of  flour  are  180,733  barrels,  and  of  wheat  1,147,679  bushels.  Now  we  are  not  aware  of  the  existence  of  auy  imme_  diate  want  having  existed  in  any  part  of  Europe,  which  could  have  called  for  the  hurried  dispatch  of  such  a  vast  quantity  of  flour  and  grain  as  we  find  recorded  in  the  official  returns  of  the  States.  On  the  contrary,  we  think  it  will  be  found  that  it  was  the  pressure  for  money  in  America  alone  that  led  to  those  excessive  shipments.  And  what  must  have  been  the  intensity  of  that  pressure  when  we  find  the  freights  in  October,  1846,  were  5  dols.  94  cents  per  barrel  for  flour,  and  3s.  6d,  per  bushel  for  wheat;  whereas  at  the  same  period  this  year  they  were  paying  6  dols.  50  cents  per  barrel  for  flour,  and  3s.  9d.  per  bushel  for  wheat.  And  freights  have  advanced  very  considerably  since  the  first  of  this  month.  Having  looked  carefully  into  the  currency  diffi difficulties  culties difficulties  in  America,  we  can  well  understand  how  the  corn  movements  of  that  country  have  been  produced;  but  we  really  can  see  no  reason  for  this  country's  following  the  steps  of  the  American  specu speculators  lators speculators  by  paying  more  for  the  corn  we  require  and  its  carriage  than  grain  is  actually  worth.  The  figures  show  that  we  have  already  received  a  large  stock  from  the  States,  and  when  the  fleet  of  corn  laden  vessels  arrive  from  the  Black  Sea  and  the  Baltic,  we  question  very  much  if  speculators  in  this  country  will  not  be  forced  to  realise  at  a  very  heavy  loss.  In  1846.7  England  only  imported  8,919,419  quarters  of  wheat,  of  which  she  exp.orted  to  the  Continent  483,689  quarters,  while  Ireland  took  off  nearly  one-half  of  the  remainder.  But  where  is  the  analogy  between  the  present  year  and  those  of  '46  and  '47  ?  In  Ireland  there  has  been  -a  'full"
