text
"SOCIETY  OF  SAINT  VINCENT  DE  PAUL.  A  meeting  of  the  members  and  those  interested  in  the  Society  of  St.  Vincent  de  Paul,  in  Liverpool,  was  held  in  the  Catholic  Institute,  at  seven,o'clock  last  night.  There  was  a  large  _attendance.  The_  chair  was  occupied  by  the  Right  Re  — STYLE=superscript  v.  Dr.  Goss,  Roman  Catholic  bishop.  -  After  the  customary  prayer  had  been  repeated,  The  CHAIRMAN  addressed  the  meeting.  lle  said  he  was  sure  the  excellent  charity  which  they  had  met  that  night  to  honor,  required  no  very  ample  praise  from  him.  Its  otject  was  one  of  the  very  highest  which  could  engage  the  human  heart.  The  excellent  lesson  which  they  had  just  heard  read  showed  the  wide  difference  between  benevolence  and  charity.  Perhaps  no  nation  under  the  sun  was  so  benevolent  as  our  own.  In  this  town  were  found  various  institutions,  which  were  all  of  them  the  results  of  active  and  practical  benevo benevolence,  lence, benevolence,  and  wherever  there  was  any  benevolent  object,  no nomatter  matter nomatter  what  it  was,  which  had  in  view  the  relief  of  one  part  of  the  human  race  by  the  other,  there  were  always.  found  men  who  were  ever  ready  to  support  it  liberally.  Now,  the  difference  between  active  benevolence  like  that  and  charity  was  great.,  and  Catholics  in  that  matter  had  a  very  great  ad..-,,  vantage,  inasmuch  as  they  held  the  doctrine,  not  generally  believed  by  others,  of  the  communion  of  saints.  By  that  doctrine  they  were  all  taught  that  all  were  members  of  tile  great  mystic  body  .  of  Christ,  and  although  one  might  be  po  l  l.  and  the  other  rich,  yet  that  they  were  all  brethren,  all  portions  of  that  Christian  body,  and  that  whatever  act.  of  charity  they  performed  to  a  poor  man  they  were  performing  to  Christ  himself.  They  were  taught  that  if  Jesus  Christ  were  to  appear  in  the  garb  of  a  poor  outcast  wretch,  shiver shivering,  ing, shivering,  and  claiming  charity,  if  they  gave  it  to  one  who  re rethey  they rethey  were  performing  as  high  an  act  of  religion  as  they  shouli  do  if  they  were  giving  it  to  the  Lord  himself  under  the  same  circumstances.  It  was  that  belief  which  stimulated  and  encouraged  them  under  their  difficul difficulties.  ties. difficulties.  There  were  often  found  instances  in  which,  after  all  their  toil  and  labour  in  endeavouring  to  help  the  poor,  they  dis discovered  covered discovered  they  had  been  giving  to  persons  unworthy  of  it  —  persons  obtaining  money  under  false  pretences—feigning  sickness,  feigning  poverty  and  misery,  and  having  recourse  to  various  dishonest  practices,  in  order  that  they  might  en  list  the  sympathy  and  humanity  of  the  benevolent.  There Therefore  fore Therefore  there  were  many  trials  to  those  engaged  in  the  work  of  charity  ;  and  therefore  it  was  a  great  encouragement  for  them  to  know  that  so  long  as  they  were  guided  by  right  and  pure  intentions,  and  so  long  as  they  acted  as  members  of  the  great  body  of  Christ,  so  long  their  actions  would  meet  with  their  due  reward;  and  that  although  those  to  whom-they  made  the  offerinc  , STYLE=superscript  might  be  totally  undeserving  of  it,  yet  that  they  would  be  sure  to  receive  the  merit  of  it.  It  was,  therefore,  a  great  consolation  to  them  in  all  their  trials,  to  feel  that  they  belonged  to  that  great  body,-  and  that  what.  ever  was  done  by  one  member  towards  the  support  of  another,  was  done  to  the  head,  who  is  Christ;  and  hence  the  reward  would  be  great,  not  only  in  this  world,  but  also  in  the  next,  to  which  they  principally  looked,  and  to  which,  after  all,  this  world  was  but  a  passage.  And  here  he  would  call  their  attention  to  one  point,  which  was  deserving  of  their  consideration.  The  brethren  of  that  society  were  not  merely  satisfied  with  giving  money,  but  they  visited  the  poor  personally,  and  had  the  means  of  becoming  thoroughly  acquainted  with  their  wants.  Some  persons  might  imagine  that  when  they  had  given  money  for  the  relief  of  the  poor,  they  had  done  their  duty.  But  the  poor  themselves  did  not  feel  it  so.  Many  of  the  poor  thought  that  when  money  was  given  to  them  they  were  only  receiving  an  instalment  of  what  was  due  to  them  by  the  rich.  They  received  it  with  •  thanks,  but  still  not  with  that  measure  of  thankfulness  which  persons  might  think  they  ought  to  have.  But  if  persons  went  to  visit  them  in  their  houses,  it  spoke  to  their  hearts,  and  it  was  a  mistake  to  sup suppose  pose suppose  that  the  poor  had  not  feeling  hearts,  and  perhaps  among  no  class  of  men  could  they  find  such  ready  compassion  for  each  other  as  amongst  the  poor.  Hence,  when  they  found  the  members  of  the  society  of  St.  Vincent  de  Paul  coming  to  their  houses,  sympathising  with  their  wants,  inquiring  patiently  and  calmly  into  their  various  little  troubles,  and  giving  them  consolation,  it  was  then  their  hearts  were  opened,  and  oftentimes  rough  and  stern  men,  from  whom  one  might  look  for  blows  rather  than  any  mark  of  feeling,  found  their  hearts  expanded,  tears  run  down  their  faces,  and  for  the  firs't  time,  awake  in  their  breasts  thi  -r  nence  it  was  tna.  personal  visitation  could  not  be  too  highly  recommended.  It  was  that  which  kept  up  the  bond  of  connection  between  the  rich  and  the  poor,  which,  if  it  were  once  broken  asunder,  would  lead  to  conse consequences  quences consequences  which  no  man  could  foretel.  The  chairman  having  dwelt  upon  the  great  value  of  the  system  of  personal  visital  tion,  conclude  1  by  urging  all  those  who  heard  him  to  assist  the  brethren  of  that  society  by  every  means  in  their  power,  and  resumed  his  seat  amid  loud  applause.  The  SECRETARY  (Mr.  Clements)  then  read  the  report,  from  which  it  appeared  that  the  conference  of  St.  Nicholas  had  expended  during  the  year  £147  12s.  6d.  ;  the  confe conference  rence conference  of  St.  Joseph,  £74  2s.  sd.  ;  and  that  of  St.  Francis  Xavier,  recently  established,  £22  18s.  The  report  detailed  many  highly  interesting  cases  of  destitution  relieved  by  the  society,  and  expressed  a  regret  that  the  society  could  not  yet  enumerate,  amongst  the  works  of  the  brotherhood  here,  any  of  the  beautiful  and  holy  works  of  charity  which  shed  such  a  lustre  on  the  society  in  France,  and  elsewhere,  such  as  the  patronage  of  orphans  and  apprentices,  the  founding  of  schools,  and  similar  objects.  This,  however,  they  felt  sure  did  n  ,t  arise  from  want  of  zeal  on  the  part  of  the  different  conferences,  but  solely  from  the  paucity  of  their  members,  and  the  poverty  of  their  treasuries.  The  meeting  was  then  briefly  addressed  by  the  Rev.  Canon  Walmsley,  Mr.  Gerald  Lynch,  Mr.  R.  H.  Shiel,  and  Rev.  Mr.  Nugent.  The  speakers  urged  upon  the  meeting  the  necessity  of  making  efforts,  to  place  at  the  disposal  of  the  council  clothing  and  bed  covering  for  the  poor,  and  also  the  great  advanta  a  ,me  which  would  arise  from  the  formation  of  a  committee  of  ladies,  who  might  superintend  the  pro providing  viding providing  of  female  apparel.  Mr.  SHIEL  then  proposed  that  the  thanks  of  the  meeting  be  given  to  the  chairman  for  having  come,  although  labour labouring  ing labouring  under  a  severe  cold,  to  honour  them  with  his  presence  on  so  inclement  a  night.  Dr.  Goss  responded  to  the  vote  of  thanks,  which  was  passed  amid  enthusiastic  applause.  A  collection  was  then  made,  after  which  the  proceedings  closed  with  a  prayer.  John  Donahugh,  a  commercial  collector  in  London,  has  been  committed  for  embezzling  the  monies  of  his  employers,  Messrs.  J.  Tucker  &amp;  Co.,  to  the  amount  of  £359.  A  man  named  John  Sharman  was  committed  from  a  police  court  in  London  on  Wednesday,  for  having  forged  a  testi testimonial,  monial, testimonial,  with  the  intent  of  obtaining  a  situation'  as  school-  •  master.  FREE  LIBRARY  AT  PRESCOT—A  meeting  was  held  yester yesterday  day yesterday  at  Present,  which  Lord  Stanley  .  presided,  for  the  purpose  of  establishing  •  a  public  library  in  that  town.  We  learn  that  a  sum  of  £4OO  has  been  already  subscribed,  tngethei  with  an  amount  equal  £4O  per  annum,  to  meet  .current  expenses.  co  UNTY  URT.---YESTERDA  Y.  -  r  - STYLE=superscript  .HThe  court  sat  at  the  usual  hour  'yesterday.  '  •-•  '  .-.'  ,  r  LEICESTER  V.   AND  RILEY.—This  was  an  action  P.  '.L  brought  by  Thomas  Leicester,  miller,  of  Scotland-roa4  to  -,ii  iicover  i STYLE=superscript  tbe  sum  of  11/;10s.,  for  Indian'  meal  •supplied  to  '.  .-  ,  the  defendants,  Messrs.  M'Curtin  and  Riley.  The  delendantx:;  :;'-:,  did  not  appear.'  '  -  -  •  fin9,...lert  MS  HONOR  gave  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff,  remarking'  Rft94  that  hellid  not  know  what  would  become  of  it  but  he  would:a  - STYLE=superscript  Piot  grant  an  immediate  execution.  ,  'di.GX  STEWART  v.  M‘Grnans.---This  was  an  action,  brought  by  ~..  '  Charles  r  stewart,  a  smith,  residing  in  Ashton-street,  against'  John  M'Gibbon,  a  bootrilaker,  living  in  Northlehnl-StreeVi  -  ,f.  to  recover  a  sum  of  12/.,  half  the  ;  amount  beink..  lei'  f STYLE=superscript  '-'tvork  done  and  materials  supplied,  the  other  61.  being  the  b  ,  a  ,  la  .,,  n  ;r  c  i_  o  .)  oT  machine  f  ;an  i  naceelovuhnitch  belonged  received  b  t  y  o  the  the  defendant  plainff.  in'  payment'  :  for  a  Mr.  Pope  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Hinie  . STYLE=superscript  foithe  defendant.  On  the  part  of  the  defence,  two  ,agreementi  entewd  into  between  the  parties  were  produced  in  evidence.  :0  e  Wad'  dated  iu›.lovember,  1852,  and  in  it  the  - STYLE=superscript  plaintiffb4  .  iim  7  „..„..,.  n  k  ri  self  to  make  a  punching  machine,  and  slimily  the  ma  t  . STYLE=superscript  &#34;'  ';  for  defendant,  to  be  completed  on,  or  before  the  Y3X  - STYLE=superscript  '  thi  u STYLE=superscript  '  lm STYLE=superscript  felloWing.D,ece,mber,  plaintiff  binding  himself  $6!  ftqfeiA  l STYLE=superscript  si'  l STYLE=superscript  °Lf.t  a  day  of  the  price  for  every  day  'after  that  date  thAngli  i STYLE=superscript  ~Cti/  °'' STYLE=superscript  chine  was  not  completed  and  delivered,  and  'i  ,  t  tiitite  ri  °I  expired  to  deliier  up  themachine  altogether  frob'ecpitt  ..  4l9iir STYLE=superscript  rho  machine  was  not.  COmpleted  at  the  specified  teint,',afick'.&#34;  - STYLE=superscript  .  :plaintiff  lent.defendant  another,  which  the  defeudarit  sOlircii.&#34;'  ~ STYLE=superscript  7i.,  giving  plaintiff  only  11.,  keeping  ,the  rernainiried/At  n9 STYLE=superscript  „  ff STYLE=superscript  .3  ,virtuo-  of  the  second  agreeinent  lie  bad'inade.  witli  . STYLE=superscript  ',  plaiutiff,  t  bywhich  he  was  allowed  to  'o  ne STYLE=superscript  ;  .that  fhe  machine  Which  was  being  Made  WOild.l4  liiiil  u  to:him  ;within.l4  days  from  the'  time.'Ven'the'  lith'..  :'  ) STYLE=superscript  81 STYLE=superscript  ff  which  1ie:4014  was  lent  to  him.  The  machine,  'it  r STYLE=superscript  qi  :,  ...  r STYLE=superscript  i  Lt  i.c.at,  :,was  not;  until  the  following  S,ptember.  •:  3 STYLE=superscript  .W  1 STYLE=superscript  n`  fendant,  - STYLE=superscript  therefore,  claimed  to  keep  the  inachine  Witlilitt  ..  th°fil STYLE=superscript  paying  t.  pnyping  r  and  also  the  6/.  which  had  been  left  iiitit,„a  , STYLE=superscript  &#34;,'  .  .  (.  Dut  '  tarn  as  security.•  -  If  - STYLE=superscript  .  f  i  t  i  His  lloNon  said  the  abide  by  the  .-  ''  conse consequences  quences consequences  of  his  QWn  agreeMent,  '  liOitier  . STYLE=superscript  idolish  'it  might  lAk  -  He  could  not  , STYLE=superscript  give  him  a  verdict'  now  /  but  he  wOuld'lrttect  the  .case  tObel  nonsuited  witheut  costs.  At  present  he  WR3  '  obliged  to  receive  tbe'agreements,  and  pronounce  judgment  upon  them;  but  ha'woUld  bive'the  plaintiff  a  nonsuit,  as  the  time  might  come  when  he  .  could  receive  the  amount  he  ;  f  claimed.  •  •  POLICE  COURT-YESTERDAL:  ilfri7-11971  f  iJi  rfl  1  A  CASE  or  HARDSHIP.—A  poor  woman,  natird  - STYLE=superscript  A/IRV  ArVvatcy,  who  presented  a  most  Wretched  and  liev'e  stricken  charred  With  lin STYLE=superscript  officers  s  p  o  a  ft  pran  h  e  e  a_  we  e  s  e  t  ,.  ff  s  e  o  rt  y  and  throwiciWia  r:  •  3180 STYLE=superscript  at  the  governor.  From  the  evidence  of  one  4  1,4ftifikV.  appears  that  she  had  gone  to  the  workkouse„:to  sot  uc.  ,_,  c  band,  who  has  lain  ill  there  for  the  last  seYen'itiontleandi  that  on  corning  out  she  committed  the  asSaliftVltli'WliicliVilein  9 STYLE=superscript  was  then  charged.  In  her  defence,  the  prisoner  'stritAttiltisrts  her  husband  was  in  a  dying  .  state,  and  thatlhe  Wdsielnu  sl STYLE=superscript  PA  ceased  at  her  daughter,  who  accompanied&#34;heffor!the'iptri-fliw  pose,  not  being  permitted  to  take  leave  of  heillyinefaiffeir  that  she  knew  not  what  she  did.  In  reply  to  the  iiiiteAtrdtbd'a  the  officer  'stated  that  the  mother  and  Vatigliter:tohidtiletiby  tia  the  rules,  be  admitted  to  see  their  relative=  the  sahib  day,a  The  governor  would  have  admitted  them,  but  he  obuld  note  no  violate  those  rules.  The  magistrate  said  thaerit  wastairezyt/f  hard  case,  6-en'  though  the  father  Might  not  be  in  a  dying  state,  to  refuse,  to  allow  so  near  relativnFi  - STYLE=superscript  e4  l  .a  AlkfA(Wi  aL  IT  'daughter  to  see  hint  ;.  but  if  he  were  in  the  condition  stated,  it  was  cruel  not  to  have  admitted  them.  If  it  were  a  rule  _-  of  the  workhouse,  it  should  be  administered  , STYLE=superscript  with  much  care,  and  he  hoped  the  matter  would  be  mentioned  to  the  guardians.  :  ;  -  .  I  f,i.  The  prisoner  was  discharged,  with-a  caution.  OBTAINING  ,C1•00BS  UNDER  faisfi  PABDITCCE,S  .  .—Tvro  men  named  Scoics  and  Salmon.  wero  charged  by  inspector  Clough  with  obtaining  goods  undvr  falselair4eucesituoer  -Ks  ,  the  following  circumstances.  ,  9p„  the  2).st  Of  last  month  Scoles  went  to  the  establishment  4g  . STYLE=superscript  Slissrp  enc1.,.:C0.,  sail sailmakers  makers sailmakers  and  !hip-chandlers,  and  rflpieAring,hißs_Of  as.l  ol  0  railway  contractor,  obtained  a  takl  i  e  r  Vatue  He  immediately  afterwards  went  to  n'eoit-Ord  kept  by  .  a  Mr.  ;-Leyster;  and  chtferod  fop,  Brie  '  rEdlagillg.ll4l  ?;  inducing  that  gentleman  to  purchase  it,  1;e  subsequently  sold  it  to  another.partyfer  He  called  a  ,I:  'harp  and  Co.'s,  with  a  man,  named  Smith,  whe,t9resented  him himself  self himself  as-hil  foreman,  and..suicaeded  s.  pi  014aiinng:  ;  41E  r  p  f  te,  of  goods,  which  he  again  disposed  i  ekbut  not  at  so  ruinous  4  lacrifice,as  he  did  the  )  Smith  yes  ilof  Veen  as  yet  t  he STYLE=superscript  Po  a STYLE=superscript  iO  t STYLE=superscript  AMAA  I  I  , STYLE=superscript  !44  I STYLE=superscript  rFI  i  r  gehte  cho  es  asa,Fev  i  eptp,ole_  r  itl4  .  `  s  vaitgin  to  ,  A  id  , STYLE=superscript  i  s  a  i  r  ti  e  .4  44  direptbA  last  vioefs  were''solit  Mat  so  S  dppreliension  he  state  cktq  ofßcey  thit  Scholes  had  - STYLE=superscript  bien  qopyicted  ;  _  for_  this  . STYLE=superscript  9eitftF.  of  Detective  of  said  that  Scholes  had  also  - STYLE=superscript  a  few  days  - STYLE=superscript  ago  almost  succeeded  in  obtaining  4  cwt.  of  paint  from  a  party  in  Norfolk-st.,  through  precisely  the  same  representations.  The  paint  was  sent  to  108,  Gill-street,  but  the  porter,  having  re received  ceived received  orders  not  to  leave  the  cask  unless  he  got  the  Li.1.111.1M)  , STYLE=superscript  ,  ULU  LI  .ii  LULL..  Mr.  Chilton  defended  Salmon,  who  was  discharged,  there  not  being  sufficient  evidence  to  prove  concert  between  him  and  his  fellow-prisoner.  Seeks  was  remanded  until  one  o'clock  on  Monday.  A  PRIZE  PIG/LT.—Four  men  of  the  names  of  Hodson,  Corlett,  Bragg,  and  Phinn,  were  charged  with  being  con concerned,  cerned, concerned,  on  yesterday  morning,  in  a  prize  fight,  at  West  Derby.  The  officer  stated  that  he  had  heard  the  parties  had  gone  out  there  in  a  cab,  to  fight  for  a  stake  of  2f.,  and  that  J  .  when  the  police  reached  the  ground,  they  found  Phirinand„ir,  Brigg:  stripped  and.  at  the-  work.  Phinn  seemed  terhavg,ia  - STYLE=superscript  received  some  slight  •punishment,  his  cheek  beieg-.cut,,eptik  eye  swollen.  In  their  defence,  the  belligerents  stated  that  --  they  had  taken  too  much  , STYLE=superscript  toddy  the  night  before,  and  that  they  had  no  very  distinct  recollection  of  thii.Why  or  thou  r  wherefore  of  the  #‘  - STYLE=superscript  All  parties  were  boilndover  to  keep  the  peace.  -  .  A  FAST  YOUNG-MAN.—Donald  .IPjean,  the  young  gent/re-7:i  man  who  was  yesterday  remanded,  was  again  brought  up,  and  evidence  was  given  that  a  coat  and  a  quadrant,  stolen stolenfrom  from stolenfrom  the  lodging-house,  51,  Bridgewater-street,:  which  hael haelbeen  been haelbeen  left  in  the  care  of  Miss  Murry,  had  been  pledged  by  the  prisoner,  and  he  was  consequently  committed  for  trial.  The  prisoner,  it  appears  had,  for  the  last  few  months,  residing  as  above,  and  living,  as  Mr:  Clough  said,  in  a  mysterious  and  whenever  askedfor  money,  he  had  always  some  to  receive  of  Mr.  Samuel,  of  Castle Castlestreet,  street, Castlestreet,  and  produced  a  note'  to  that  effect,  but  it  appears  he  was  unknown  to  that  gentleman.  His  last  exploit,  before  being  found  out,  was  to  join  the  dramatic  society.  He  is  a  native  of  Scotland,  but  came  from  New  Brunswick  to  this  town,  and  has  been  applying  for  a  commissidll  the  army,  and  had  passed  the  examination.  Harriet  Hargrove  was  committed  for  three  months  for  robbing  a  persons  of  the  name  of  Ellis  of  some  money,  which  .  she  took  from  his  pocket.  Ann  Williams  was  committed  for  seven  days  for  illegally  pledging  a  jacket  belonging  to  a  sailor,  which  she  stole  from  him  in  a  brothel.  .  .  _Richard  Lyon  was  remanded,  to  obtain  further  on  a  charge  of  obtaining  a  large  quantity  of  *goods  of  various  .  tradesmen  in  .  Scotland-road,  by  means  of  forged  orders.  -  =---  •  BEER  AND  ALE  EXPORTED.  —The  &amp;dared  value  of  beet beetand  and beetand  ale  exported  in  the  last  ten  months  was  £1,086,225  pL  against  £597,965  in  the  like  period  in  the  preceding  year'.  COALS  EXPORTED.—It  is  shown  that  the  value  of  coals coalsand  and coalsand  culm  exported  between  January  and  November  was  1,359,3461.,  a  large  increase  on  last  year.  The  amount  paid  P  'or  ums  upon  inaia  ?rom  the  24th  of  November  to  'the  7g.'  inst.,  was  £40,355.  AUSTRALIAN  EMIGRATION.—The  Hyderabad  left  South Southampton  ampton Southampton  on  Tuesday,  with  nearly  300  government  emigrants,  bound  for  Port  Adelaide.  The  Hooghly  another  Australian  emigrant  ship,  has  just  arrived  in  Southampton  water.  TILE  COAST  DEFENCES.—A  detachment  of  artillery  passed  through  Southampton,  on  their  way  to  Hurst  Castle,  at  the  mouth  of  the  Solent,  to  increase  the  artillery  force  there.  Sconce  Point,  opposite  Hurst  Castle,  is  also  to  be  strongly  fortified.  THE  NAVAL  SERVICE.-Sir  John  Trelawny  in  a  co  mniu mniunication  nication mniunication  to  the  Daily  News  complains  that  the  expensiveness  of  navy  messes  prevents  the  sons  of  the  professional  gentry  from  entering;  proceeds  to  discuss  the  mode  in  which  the  officers  are  recruited.  He  says  :  Of  course,  my  remarks  apply  not  to  individuals,  or  to  any  particular  period  in  our  history,  but  to  a  system  ;  although,  certainly  very  irregular  transactions  seem  to  have  marked  the  career  of  former  boards,  of  which  some  glimmerings  appear  in  the  ,dif ,difference  ference ,difference  between  the  annual  numbers  of  cadets  admitted  in  particular  years,  varying  from  50  to  200.  This•waut  of  system  and  irregularity,  has  two  evil  effects.  It  increases  the  uncertainty  of  obtaining  employment,  and  at  times  creates  a  congestion  of  middle-aged  officers  elbowed  into  half-pay  to  make  room  for  youngsters.  The  annual  num number  ber number  of  admissions  should  be  m  ordinary  times  as  nearly.  fixed  as  the  exigencies  of  the  service  will  allow  ;  and  perhaps  it  would  not  be  amiss  to  allot  a  certain  number  of  nominations  to  each  of  the  considerable  schools—of  all  persuasions  —of  Great  Britain  and  Ireland,  and  a  certain  number  for  dis disposal  posal disposal  to  the  educational  committee  of  the  privy  council.  This  last  suggestion  is  in  the  spirit  of  a  great  reform  shadowed  forth  some  years  ago  when  the  celebrated  minutes  of  council  on  education  were  brought  forwarel=4a  reform,  however,  I  fe  it  not  yet  carried  into  extensive  The  writer  proceeds  to  speak  of  the  half-pay  system,  and  recommends  that  when  not  employed  naval  officers  should  be  permitted  to  command  commercial  ships.  •"
