text
"LONDON  POLICE.  MARLBOROUGH-STRE  ET.  -  George  Amherst,  who  described  himself  as  a  solicitor's  clerk,  living  in  William  -street  Re Regent's-park,  gent's-park, Regent's-park,  was  brought  bef  o  re  Mr.  'Bingham  on  sus suspicion  picion suspicion  of  having  been  concerned,  with  others  not  in  custody,  in  stealing  money  and  other  property  to  a  large  amount,  belonging  to  M.  Gianotti,  an  attache  of  the  Sardinian  Em Embassy  bassy Embassy  from  the  house  of  r.  Draper,  No.  9,  Charles-street,  Grosvenor-square.  The  robbery  was  effected  in  a  most  ingenious  manner,  and  the  apprehension  of  the  prisoner  was  the  result  only  of  a  fortunate  accident.  Mr.  Draper,  lodging-house  keeper,  No.  9.  Charles-street  Grosvenor-square,  said  :  On  the  2d  of  August,  about  nine  o'clock  in  the  evening,  the  prisoner,  who  was  a  perfect  stranger,  came  to  the  door  and  asked  me  if  my  name  was  Draper,  I  said  ,  The  prisoner  said  he  had  just  re received  ceived received  a  letter  from  the  servant  of  a  gentleman  named  Mac Macdonald,  donald, Macdonald,  who  was  stopping  at  Torquay,  stating  that  his  master  was  about  to  co  me  to  town,  and  wanted  apartments  to  be  ready  for  him.  The  letter  gave  my  name  and  address,  and  the  prisoner  said  he  had  been  requested  to  call  upon  me  and  ascertain  if  I  had  apartments  disengaged.  I  asked  him  who  Mr.  Macdonald  was,  and  the  prisoner  replied  he  believed  he  had  been  recommended  by  the  Earl  of  Powis.  I  said  very  well,  and  having  apartments  unoccupied  I  asked  the  prisoner  if  he  would  like  to  see  them.  I  showed  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  the  rooms,  and  told  him  the  terms.  The  prisoner  said  he  thought  they  would  suit,  and  he  would  write  at  once  to  Mr.  Macdonald's  servant,  and  let  me  know  the  result  On  the  Wednesday  following,  on  my  return  home,  my  ser servant  vant servant  told  me  the  prisoner  had  called  in  the  morning,  About  nine  o'clock  in  the  evening  the  prisoner  came  to  my  house  and  informed  ma  he  would  receive  an  answer  to  his  letter  on  Friday  next,  and  that  Mr.  Macdonald  would  be  in  town  on  the  following  Monday.  The  prisoner  then  went  away,  and  I  did  not  see  him  again  until  a  day  or  two  ago."
