text
"EASTERN  WAR.  The  Times  contains  an  important  leading  article.  It  examines  some  of  the  effects  of  the  important  l'ents  in  the  East  on  the  political  relations  of  l STYLE=superscript  iirope,  and  especially  considers  them  in  connec connection  tion connection  with  the  policy,  the  interest,  and  the  duties  of  t STYLE=superscript  his  country  and  our  allies.  '  The  attempts  to  patch  up  the  quarrel  before  hostilities  commenced  having  failed,  the  struggle  eau  now  only_be  terminated  by  the  adoption  of  l'egular  preliminaries,  and  the  ultimate  conclusion  of  a  treaty  of  peace.  All  the  past  and  future  relations  of  Turkey  and  Russia  are  thrown  open  to  controversy  ;,all  exist existing  ing existing  treaties  are  annulled,  and  it  depends  entirely  upon  the  final  result  of  this  war,  and  the  attitude  assumed  on  these  questions,  in  what  form  and  to  what  extent  these  speculations  are  ever  renewed.  of  Turkey  is  enabled  to  treat  for  peace  on  equal  or  superior  terms,  •  she  will  then  have  shaken  off  a  series  of  conditions  intending  to  place  her  in  hu humiliating  miliating humiliating  subjection  to  Russian  influence.  If  Russia  succeeds  in  crushing  the  forces  of  the  Ottoman  Empire,  it  cannot  be  doubted  that  she  would  exact  the  revival  of  all  her  former  treaties,  but  impose  terms  still  more  onerous  on  the  Ottoman  Empire  and  fatal  to  the  independence  of  the  East.  To  such  a  result  it  is  needless  to  say  that  Great  Britain,  France,  and  the  German  Powers  cannot  in  honor  or  policy  submit,  and  that  if  Turkey  were  reduced  to  the  condition  she  was  in  when  the  treaties  of  Bucharest  and  Adrianople  were  signed,  we  should  be  bound  by  every  consideration  and  at  all  hazards  to  oppose  the  enlarged  preparations  of  the  Court  of  St.  Petersburg.  Russia  has  therefore  ,no  choice  but  in  the  man manner  ner manner  in  which  she  may  abandon  these  pretensions.  If  she  actually  undergoes  a  defeat  by  the  Turks,  she  loses  the  results  of  a  century  of  ambition  and  intrigue,  and  if  she  triumphs  over  the  Turkish  forces,  she  must  prepare  to  encounter  behind  those  forces  two  at  least  of  the  greatest  nations  of  the  world,  who  have  indeed  great  and  wise  reluctance  to  take  up  arms,  but  who  will  most  assuredly  never  lay  them  down,  if  war  be  once  begun,  until  they  have  chastised  the  enemy  of  the  peace  of  Europe,  and  dictated  the  terms  of  an  honorable  settlement;  such  is,  in  either  alternative,  the  result  to  which  the  Russian  Government  and  other  States  of  Europe  must  now  be  prepared  to  look,  whatever  the  result  of  the  hostilities  now  going  on.  A  moment  may  shortly  occur  between  the  termination  of  the  campaign  and  the  ulterior  operations  of  the  war,  and  the  use  made  of  that  moment  by  Europe  will  probably  be  decisive  as  to  the  possibility  of  extinguishing  this  conflagration.  If  the  Emperor  of  Russia  persists  in  this  wild  and  wicked  course,  he  has  nothing  before  him  but  war  on  the  frontier  of  the  dominions,  and  if  he  provokes  continuance,  his  country  will  not  come  out  of  this  contest  without  an  injury  to  her  political  influence,  a  consideration  even  more  fatal  than  the  destruction  of  their  fleets  and  the  waste  of  her  resources.  If  the  German  Powers  join  England  ynd  France  with  heart  and  hand,  it  is  impossible  to  doubt  that  Europe  has  the  power  to  enforce  her  will.  Operations  in  the  Provinces  will  be  interrupted  by  the  season,  or  by  the  attainment  of  some  definite  result  of  the  campaigne,  are  the  meditating  powers  unpre  pared  to  impose  terms  of  accommodation.  If  England  and  France  are  driven  to  employ  their  forces  in  the  Dardanelles,  that  resolution  will  m  terially  affect  the  issue  of  the  war,  but  the  Times  cannot  flatter  itself  that  it  will  at  once  terminate  the  contest.  Russia  relies  on  the  neutrality  of  the  Servian  powers,  and  hopes,  ere  long,to  enjoy  them  altogether,  in  opposition  to  the  Western  powers.  Peace  can  be  peremptorily  imposed  on  Russia,  and  Turkey  but  with  the  co-operation  of  Germany,  and  if  war  do  ensue  the  Courts  of  Vienna  and  Berlin  next  to  that  of  St.  Petersburg  will  stand  responsi responsible  ble responsible  for  it  to  posterity,  if  they  neglect  to  perform  their  part  in  repelling  this  aggression.  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLMER,  of  21  Oxfo  •d  -street,  at  his  General  Printing  and  Stationery  Establishment,  19,  South  John-street,  Liverpool.  SATURDAY,  NOVEMBER  11',  1863.  P9_TB00022"
