text
"DISCOUNTS  Off  six  insertions  in  one  week,  -  -  -  25  per  cent.  Twelve  daily  -  -  -  331  Thirty  t  4  ..  -  .-  60  One  a  week  for  30  times,  -  -  15  Two  a  week  for  30  times,  -  25  Three  a  week  for  30  times,  -  -  331  Terms  of  Subscription  for  North  British  Daily  Mail  265.  per  Quarter,  cash  ;-275.  6d.  per  Quarter,  credit.  OFFICES  62,  Argyle-street,  Glasgow.  21,  St.  David-street,  Edinburgh.  NORTH  LANCASHIRE.—ADVERTISEMENTS  intended  to  be  read  by  the  Gentry  and  other  Inhabitants  of  North  Lancashire  should  appear  in  the  PRESTON  CHRONICLE.  Having  been  established  above  forty  years,  it  enjoys  a  large  circulation  among  all  classes.  Its  scale  of  charges  for  Advertisements  is  moderate,  having  been  reduced  since  the  abolition  of  the  Advertisement  Duty.  When  pre-paid,  which  can  be  done  by  postage  stamps,  Advertisements  of  4  lines,  or  30  words,  are  inserted  for  is.  6d.,  and  8  lines,  or  60  words,  for  2s.—Published  every  Saturday  morning,  at  23,  Fishergate,  Preston.  THE  NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE  AND  ADVERTISER  FOR  THE  PRINCIPALITY,  published  at  Bangor  every  Friday  evening  in  time  for  the  early  posts,  and  extensively  circulated  every  Saturday  morning  throughout  the  six  northern  counties,  in  Cardigan  shire,  and  in  England,  Ireland,  and  Scotland,  is  the  bes  medium  for  the  publication  of  Advertisements.  Offensive  medical  advertisements  are  excluded  from  its  columns.  •  The  charges  for  advertisements  are—Two  lines,  is;  three  lines  is  6d;  six  lines,  2s;  nine  lines,  2s  6d;  twelve  lines,  3s  '  •  fifteen  lines,  3s  6d  ;  eighteen  lines,  4s  ;  twenty-one  lines,  4s  6d;  and  6d  or  every  two  lines  additional.  The  NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE  has  recently  been  very  greatly  enlarged  and  improved.  Orders  and  advertisements  are  respectfully  solicited  by  AUGUSTUS  ROBERT  MARTIN,  Proprietor.  To  whom  all  bank  and  post-office  orders  should  be  mad  payable.  THE  GENERAL  WEEKLY  SHIPPING  LIST,  and  POSTAL  and  MERCANTILE  DIREC DIRECTORY.  TORY. DIRECTORY.  Published  every  Saturday,  price  3d,  or  4d.,  stamped.  Contains  a  well-arranged  and  authentic  List  of  ALL  VESSELS  and  STEAMERS  taking  freight,  sailing  from  the  - STYLE=superscript  United  Kingdom  for  foreign  ports.  Also  a  Weekly  Diary  of  Foreign  Mails  and  Rates  of  Postage.  A  large  circula circulation  tion circulation  throughout  the  kingdom  makes  this  a  first-rate  medium  for  Shipping  and  General  Advertisements.  Printed  for  the  proprietors  by  3.  HADDON  &amp;  SON,  Castle-street,  Finsbury.  Agents  for  Liverpool.—J.  TURNER,  Derby  Buildings;  GEORGE  J.  POORE,  42,  Castle-street,  and  JOHN  PETRIE,  10,  Rumford-place,  by  whom  Advertisements  and  Subscriber's  names  are  received.  IMPORTANT  TO  ADVERTISER  S  IN  IRELAND.  The  most  widely-circulated  3-day  journal  in  I  re  l  an  d.  THE  NORTHERN  WHlG,Published  in  Belfast.  The  latest  Government  stamp  returns  show  thae  The  Northern  Whig'  maintains  a  high  pre-eminence  over  the  entire  provincial  press  of  Ireland,  and  that  only  one  metropolitan  3-day  journal  equals  it  in  circulation.  As  an  Advertising  medium  it  consequently  offers  advantages  which  few  Irish  journals  can  afford.  The  repeal  of  the  Advertisement  duty  has  caused  the  adoption  of  a  new  and  very  much  reduced  scale  of  charges— chargesviz  viz chargesviz  :  Under  10  lines  (or  75  words)  2s.  Od.  Every  additional  line  ....  .  With  a  large  reduction  for  second  and  subsequent  insertions.  Contracts  for  Advertising  by  the  year,  half-year,  and  quarter,  will  be  taken  on  the  lowest  terms  compatible  with  the  extensive  and  valuable  publicity  afforded  by  its  large  and  influential  circulation.  To  London,  Liverpool,  and  Manchester  advertisers  in  particular,  it  offers  especial  advantages,  by  bringing  their  announcements  under  the  notice  of  so  enterprising  and  large  a  section  of  the  com community.  munity. community.  The  Northern  contains  the  fullest  and  most  accurate  intelligence  on  all  subjects,  and  a  peculiar  system  of  market  prices  of  every  description  of  produce,  which  will  be  found  of  essential  importance  to  merchants  and  traders.  The  Northern  Whig'  is  published  every  TUESDAY,  THURSDAY,  and  SATURDAY,  with  a  supplement  on  Saturday  ?  at  the  office,  6,  Calender-street,  Belfast.  Yearly  subscription,  £2  10s.  ;  half-yearly,  £1  ss.  ;  quarterly,  12s.  6d.,  payable  in  advance.  All  Communications  to  be  addressed  to  the  Proprietors,  FRANCIS  D.  FINLAY  and  SON.—Belfast,  September!  1853.  IMPORTANT  ADVERTISING  MEDIUM,  THE  WOLVERHAMPTON  and  SAFFORD SAFFORDSHIRE  SHIRE SAFFORDSHIRE  HERALD,  and  Birmingham,  Shropshire,  and  Midland  Counties  Advertiser,  is  one  of  the  best  circulated  papers  in  the  wealthy  and  densly-populated  districts  of  South  Staffordshire,  the  great  iron  and  mining  district  ;  is  universally  read  in  Wolverhampton,  Birmingham  Dudley,  Walsall,  Stourbridge,  Lichfield,  Bilston,  Weclnes Weclnesbury?  bury? Weclnesbury?  Oldbury,  Darlaston,  Kidderminster,  Burton-on-Trent,  and  in  the  adjoining  counties  of  Worcestershire,  Shropshire,  and  Warwickshire.  The  locality  stands  unrivalled  for  the  gigantic  character  of  its  manufacturing  operations,  vast  resources,  high  commercial  enterprise,  and  its  teaming  popu population,  lation, population,  containing,  as  it  does  ?  not  less  than  600,000  inhabi inhabitants.  tants. inhabitants.  Extensively  circulating  throughout  so  important  and  fertile  a  field  of  human  industry,the  is  unquestion unquestionably  ably unquestionably  a  first-rate  medium  for  auctioneers,  insurance  offices,  public  companies  and  societies,  professional  men,  merchants,  factors,  tradesmen;  and  general  advertisers.  The  liberal  charges  adopted  bythe  proprietors  of  the  has  secured  for  that  journal  a  most  extensive  patronage.  The  is  published  every  Wednesday  morning  on  a  sheet  as  large  as  the  at  the  office,  Snow-hill.  Wolverhampton.  Price,  by  subscription,  6s.  6d.  per  half halfyear.  year. halfyear.  THE  GOVERNING  CLASSES.  A  SERIES  OF  PORTRAITS  TO  BE  CONTINUED  WEEKLY  IN  HE  LEADER,  a  complete  first-class  Weekly.  T  Newspaper  ;  Political  and  Literary  Review.  (Estab (Establish  lish (Establish  d  1850).  Published  every  Saturday  in  time  for  the  early  morning  mails,  price  Sixpence,  and  Sold  by  News Newsagents  agents Newsagents  in  all  parts  of  England,  or  may  be  had  direct  front  the  Publisher.  60-  Terms  of  Subscription-13s.  for  a  Half-year,  to  be  remitted  in  advance,  by  Money  Order,  payable  to  Mr.  Al Alfred  fred Alfred  E.  Galloway,  at  the  Office,  7,  Wellington-street,  Strand,  London.  NOTICE  TO  ADVERTISERS.  In  consequence  of  the  Repeal  of  the  Advertisement  Duty,  the  following  Reduced  Scale  is  now  charged  for  Advertising  in  the  LEADER  .  Newspaper  Five  lines  and  under  .  .  .  0  2  6  Each  additional  line  .  .  Half  a  Column  .  Whole  Column  .  .  .  .  411  r.  Advertisements  reaching  this  Office  on  Friday  Night  will  appear  in  all  editions."
