text
"ITALY.  According  to  letters  from  Rome,  an  English  Com Company  pany Company  had  applied  to  the  Pope  for  the  concession  of  a  railway  between  Ancona  and  Brindisi,  passing  or  not  passing  through  Rome.  The  Government  had  appointed  a  commission  to  examine  the  project.  The  Times  correspondent  writing  from  Turin,  on  Miss  Cunninghame's  case,  says  _  The  case  of  Miss  Cnnninghara  w STYLE=superscript  e  (an  English  lady)  who  was  lately  arrested  at  the  baths  of  Lucca,  on  the  charge  of  attempting  proselytism  by  the  distribution  of  tracts,  has  created  much  sensation  among  our  fellow-countrymen  resi resident  dent resident  in  Tuscany,  from  its  similarity  to  the  affair  of  the  Madiai  in  some  respects,  and  the  severity  . STYLE=superscript  of  the  punishment  to  which  this  lady  may  be  subjected  for  having,  in  ignorance  of  the  law  (as  she  affirms),  distributed  three  tracts.  It  ap appears  pears appears  the  police,  in  this  instance,  were  so  active,  that  pro proceedings  ceedings proceedings  had  actually  been  commenced  in  the  Tribunal  of  Premiere  Instance,  before  the  Ministers  at  Florence  knew  anything  about  it.  The  English  Charge  d'Affaires  (Mr.  Scarlett)  has  been  very  active  in  his  exertions  to  obtain  Miss  Cunninghame's  release,  on  condition  of  her  quitting  the  country  ;;but  the  Grand  Duke,  to  whom  he  applied  per personally,  sonally, personally,  in  hopes  of  gaining  his  interest,  has  refused  to  in interfere,  terfere, interfere,  and  is  said  to  be  quite  delighted  at  having  this  op opportunity  portunity opportunity  of  venting  his  grudge  against  the  English  Govern Government  ment Government  for  their  zeal  in  the  Madiai  business.  The  term  of  punishment  to  which  a  breach  of  the  existing  law  on  the  subject  renders  an  offender  liable,  is  said  to  be  from  five  to  ten  years'  imprisonment,  with  the  usual  conditions  awarded  to  felons,  and  this  law  has  been  enacted  by  the  Grand  Duke  in  contradiction  to  the  terms  of  that  constitution  which  he  granted  in  1848,  whereby  free  exercise  of  every  religion  was  guaranteed,  without  any  reservation  to  himself  of  power  to  recall  those  liberties  once  ceded,  and  'which  constitution  the  English  Government  acknowledged.  Having  the  power,  it  may  be  said  he  can  consequently  make  what  regulations  in  his  own  domain  he  thinks  fit  ;  but,  as  far  as  law  and  equity  are  concerned,  he  certainly  cannot  be  justified  in  abrogating  his  own  deed  of  cession  without  the  consent  of  the  recipient  parties  ;  and  whether  another  country,  standing  in  the  light  of  witness  to  that  deed,  is  bound  to  submit  to  such  arbitrary  contradictions  must  be  a  matter  of  great  doubt.  Whichever  way  this  affair  may  be  arranged,  it  is  much  to  be  desired  that  it  should  be  taken  as  a  warning  by  our  compatriots  who  travel  through  these  intolerent  countries  not  to  involve  either  themselves  or  their  government  by  acts  which  in  reality  only  serve  to  injure  the  cause  they  have  at  heart.  It  cannot  be  too  often  repeated  in  this  case  that  there  is  no  desire  for  change  of  religious  dogmas  among  Italians,  but  an  ardent  wish  for  reform  of  church  government.  It  was  a  common  saying  of  a  celebrated  divine,  now  no  more,  that  the  Italians  were  not  fit  to  become  Protestants,  because  they  were  still"
