text
"THE  PRESTON  STRIKE.  MEETING  OF  MANUFACTURERS.  PRESTON,  THURSDAY.  The  adjourned  meeting  of  the  associated  employers  of  Preston  and  the  neighbourhood,  was  held  at  the  Bull  Hotel,  in  this  town,  at  eleven  o'clock  this  morning.  After  about  an  hour's  deliberation,  the  result  was  made  known  by  pla placard,  card, placard,  of  which  the  following  is  a  copy  :  At  a  meeting.  of  the  associated  masters,  held  at  the  Bull  Hotel,  Preston,  on  Thursday,  the  29th  of  December,  1853—Thomas  Miller,  Esq.,  in  the  chair—it  was  unani unanimously  mously unanimously  resolved,  that  inasmuch  as  no  disposition  has  been  yet  shown  by  the  operatives  generally  to  resume  work,  this  meeting  do  adjourn  to  Thursday,  th  e  26th  o  f  J  anuary  ,  1864.  Should  it,  however,  in  the  meantime,  be  ascertained  that  many  of  the  operatives  are  desirous  of  returning  to  their  work,  immediate  steps  will  be  taken  by  the  manufacturers  to  open  their  mills.—By  order  of  the  masters'  association.  JOHN  HUMBER,  Sec.  pro  The  main  street,  in  which  the  Bull  Hotel  is  situated,  was  thronged  with  operatives  during  .  the  time  occupied  by  the  meeting,  considerable  interest  being  evinced  as  to  the  result.  REPLY  TO  THE  MASTERS  FROM  THE  WEAVERS'  ASSOCIATION.  The  committee  of  the  power-loom  weavers'  association  have  this  morning  published  the  annexed  reply  to  the  ad address  dress address  of  the  masters'  association,  issued  yesterday.  It  is  on  the  part  of  the  Preston  and  is  signed  by  Mr.  James  Whalley,  secretary  to  the  power-loom  weavers'  com committee  mittee committee  :  consequence  of  the  various  misrepresentations  which  have  been  so  unblushingly  put  forth  by  the  masters'  association,'  we,  the  weavers'  association,  feel  it  to  be  a  duty  to  ourselves  and  the  public,  to  publish  the  following  answers:—  Ist.  In  the  document  issued  yesterday  by  the  masters'  committee,  they  say,  '  that  the  differences  which  in  the  first  instance  existed,  would  have  been  arranged,  and  would  not  have  resulted  in  a  general  stoppage  of  the  mills,  had  it  not  been  for  the  improper  interf  erence  o  f  strangers  between  masters  and  their  hands.'  We  beg  to  say  distinctly  to  say,  that  no  strangers  had,  either  properly  or  improperly,  interfered  ;  in  the  disputes  between  the  masters  and  their  hands,  previous  to  a  notice  being  given  for  a  general  stoppage.  4 STYLE=superscript  2n  - STYLE=superscript  d.  We  repeat,  that  we  have  been  locked  out,  in  order  to  starve  us  into  submission,'  not  because  we  objected  to  the  advances  made  upon  the  price  paid  in  1862,  for  the  great  body  of  us  were  perfectly  satisfied  with  the  advances  given  '  but  because  we  thought  fit  t  o  g  i  ve  our  own  money  to  support  some  four  mills'  hands  that  had  disputes  with  their  employers,  the  primary  cause  of  our  sympathy  being,  that  these  workpeople  had  been  denied  the  opportunity  of  ex explaining,  plaining, explaining,  or  coming  to  an  arrangement  with  their  employers.  It  is  false,  and  without  any  foundation,  to  say  'that  these  firms  were  to  be  made  the  victims  of  an  organised  combina combination,  tion, combination,  whose  avowed  object  was  to  take  the  masters  in  succes succession,  sion, succession,  and  compel  them  to  accept  to  the  terms  of  the  union unionists.'  ists.' unionists.'  We  deny  this  statement,  and  challenge  th  em  t  o  sub substantiate  stantiate substantiate  it.  We,  as  a  body,  have  never  said  or  done  any anything  thing anything  to  justify  such  a  conclusion.  3rd.  They  say  we  at  once  admit  that,  owing  to  the  depressed  state  of  trade  in  1847,  a  general  reduction  of  wages  took  place  :'  but  with  respect  to  the  promise  of  re restoring  storing restoring  it  when  trade  revived,  they  say,  '  we  deny,  however,  that  any  such  promise  was  made  by  the  masters  generally,  although  this  might  have  been  done  by  some  individual  firms.'  We  are  prepared  to  admit  that  every  employer  in  the  town  di  i  not  make  that  promise  :  there  were  several  firms  where,  had  the  hands,  or  any  portion  of  them,  raised  the  shadow  of  an  objection  to  the  reduction,  or  solicited  a  promise  of  any  description,  they  would  have  received  sum summary  mary summary  ejectment  ;  and  such  a  process,  in  the  state  of  the  labor  market  at  the  time  would  have  been  next  to  starvation  and  death  ;  but  the  promise  given  at  the  firms  where  the  mas masters  ters masters  allowed  them  some  little  freedom,'  was  justly  consi considered  dered considered  applicable  to  all,  and,  consequently,  to  those  firms  where  the  hands  dare  not  ask  at  that  time,  to  be  other  than  degraded  slaves.'  4th.—They  say,  Being  anxious  to  ascertain  the  diffe difference  rence difference  (if  any)  between  the  earnings  of  the  various  classes  of  operatives  in  1847,  before  the  above-mentioned  reduction  took  place,  and  those  in  the  summer  of  1853,  before  the  10  per  cent.  was  demanded,  we  find,  from  the  returns  fur furnished  nished furnished  us  from  the  wages  books  of  several  large  and  influ influential  ential influential  firms,  that,  instead  of  any  decrease,  there  has  been  an  actual  increase,  varying  from  5  to  30  per  cent.,  after  maki  ng  due  allowance  for  the  difference  in  the  hours  of  labour,  from  69  to  60  hours  per  week.'  Gentlemen,  if  your  object  had  been  to  furnish  statistical  d  a  t  a  o  f  th  e  b  ene  fit  and  blessings  which  have  resulted  from  the  passing  of  the  ten  hours'  bill,  (that  bill  which  you  so  long  and  so  zealously  opposed,  and  which  you  so  often  prophesied  would  be  followed  by  ruinous  and  disastrous  results—by  the  by,  we  are  told  at  the  present  time,  that  if  you  cannot  succeed  in  reducing  our  wages  10  per  cent.,  it  will  be  followed  by  disastrous  ruin)  we  could  have  understood  your  motive  ;  but  because,  by  our  untiring  exertions,  we  have  succeeded  in  doing  as  much  work  in  60  hours  as  we  formerly  did  in  69  hours,  you  are  so  ungenerous  as  to  make  this  a  justification  for  preventing  us  participating  in  the  general  prosperity  which  has  followed  ;  but  you  say,  that  in  a  well-regulated  spinning  and  weaving  establish establishment,  ment, establishment,  the  average  earnings  of  all  classes  of  hands  is  a  b  ou  t  10s.  each.'  You  forgot  to  tell  us  whose  well-regulated  establishment  this  is  ;  but  if  all  establishments,  where  the  average  earnings  are  less  than  10s.  per  week  , STYLE=superscript  are  badly  regulated  establishments,  we  are  prepared  to  prove  from  your  own  books,  if  you  will  furnish  us  with  the  facility,  that  the  great  body  of  establishments  are  anything  but  well  regulated.'  .  _  We  repeat  that  the  wages  paid  in  Preston  are  less  than  what  are  paid  in  other  districts,  and  this  is  the  secret  cause  of  the  determination  of  the  workpeople  to  improve  their  condition.  beg  to  say,  that  in  this  struggle  the  masters  are  the  aggressors  ;  we  were  (with  the  few  exceptions  referred  to)  satisfied  with  the  wages  given  us  before  the  'lock-out  ;'  we  understand  that  we  must  not  resume  work  unless  we  will  submit  to  a  reduction  of  ten  per  cent.  ;  we  have  offered  to  have  the  question  settled  upon  reasonable  terms,  but  'no  concession'  is  the  terms  of  our  employers  ;  they  have  forced  us  to  rely  for  an  existence  upon  aid  from  other  towns,  and  now  tell  us,  that  we  can  only  resume  work  upon  condition  that  we  will  degrade  ourselves  in  the  eyes  of  the  world,  by  accepting  of  a  reduction,  which  must  naturally  be  followed  by  a  reduction  in  the  wages  of  those  who  have  so  generously  saved  our  children  from  starvation  :  are  these  the  only  terms  of  honorable  men  ?  will  it  be  the  interest  of  the  employers  of  Preston  to  see  their  workpeople  both  degraded  and  dis dishonest  honest dishonest  ?  we  think  not  ;  but  if  it  be,  we  tell  them  that  we  will  suffer  much  before  we  will  submit  to  such  depravity.  conclusion,  we  again  reiterate,  that  we  are  prepared  at  any  time  to  bring  this  dispute  to  an  honorable  and  reasonable  Dr.  Gilbert,  Inspector-General  of  army  hospitals,  died  in  London  on  Christmas-day.____.  SCOTCH  BANKRUPTS  =William  Angus  and  Co.,  engi engineers,  neers, engineers,  ironfounders,  and  millwrights  at  Itoysyth,  empty  Fife.—Late  Messrs.  Isabella  M'Kerracher  or  Craig,  carry carrying  ing carrying  on  business  under  the  firm  of  Mrs.  I.  Craig,  house  and  si  g  n  painter,  Glasgow.—Edinburgh  Gazette  THU  CHRISTMAS  RAILWAY  TRAFFIC.  —The  amount  of  the  Christmas  traffic  on  all  the  leading  metropolitan  rail railways  ways railways  would  appear  from  the  usual  return  to  have  consider considerably  ably considerably  exceeded  that  of  any  previous  year.  On  the  London  and  North-Western,  during  the  period  nominally  called  Christmas  extending  ever  seven  days,  there  passed  the  line  27,000  parcels  and  Christmas  presents,  and  12,250,  for  distribution  throughout  London,  this  being  exclusive  of  many  thousands  of  parcels  coming  by  goods  trains.  Last  year  on  this  line  the  parcels  were  26,000,  and  the  12,000.  In  the  passenger  traffic  there  was  a  corresponding  increase.  The  Great  Wes Western  tern Western  conveyed,  exclusive  of  large  consignments  by  the  goods  trains,  16,000  parcels  and  presents  by  their  down  passenger  trains  to  all  parts  of  the  west,  and  13,000  from  the  west  up  to  the  metropolis.  The  Great  Northern  disembogued  from  their  depots  at  King's-cross  10,000  parcels  up,  and  about  the  same  number  down,  exclusive  of  goods  trains  consignments  ;  and  the  Eastern  Counties  in  four  days  carried  15,000  par parcels  cels parcels  up  from  the  agricultural  districts,  and  about  half  that  number  down,  besides  a  large  tonnage  t  o  an  d  fro  of  agric  il iltural  tural iltural  and  dead  stock.  In  each  case  special  arrangements  had  to  be  made  on  a  large  scale  for  the  safe  and  speedy  trans transmission  mission transmission  of  these  Christmas  cargoes,  and  a  large  additional  staff  was  in  requisition.  THE  GIRVAN  MURDER.  —The  Ayr  Observer  furnishes  further  particulars  of  this  deliberate  murder.  On  the  even evening  ing evening  of  Thursday  last,  Janet  M'Culloch  or  Cunningham,  wife  of  a  man  named  Alexander  Cunningham,  a  laborer  in  Girvan,  was  sitting  weaving  in  the  house  of  a  man  named  Hamilton,  in  Piedmont-road  of  Girvan,  when,  about  s  e  v  en  o'clock,  a  rattling  noise  wa  s  h  ear  d  as  eigravel  being  thrown  against  the  window  near  where  the  woman  was  working.  She  naturally  turned  round  to  see  what  it  was,  when  a  gun  was  fired  through  the  window  at  her,  and  shot  her  right  through  the  heart.  She  uttered  one  cry,  and  fell  dead  ou  the  spot  !  Some  men  were  weaving  in  the  shop  with  her,  and  they  immediately  gave  the  alarm  ;  but  as  the  night  was  pitch  dark,  and  the  shot  came  from  the  back  of  the  house,  the  murderer  was  not  then  seized.  Suspicion  at  once  at attached  tached attached  to  the  woman's  husband,  from  whom  she  was  sepa separated,  rated, separated,  who  was  on  bad  terms  with  her  for  some  time,  and  had  been  heard  to  threaten  her  shortly  before,  unless  she  came  back  to  live  with  him.  Cunningham  himself  came  into  the  house  where  the  body  of  his  wife  was  lying,  about  an  hour  after  the  murder,  and  demanded  to  see  her  body.  He  was  apprehendel  on  the  spot,  and  on  his  house  being  searched  a  gun  was  found  in  it  which  he  had  borrowed  that  morning  to  shoot  a  hare,  as  he  said.  He  was  seen  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  house  in  the  evening,  and  from  a  num number  ber number  of  circumstances  which  have  since  come  to  light,  the  strongest  suspicions  attach  to  him.  The  deceased  was  a  quiet,  well-behaved  woman,  and  had  to  leave  her  husband  for  continued  bad  usage,  in  consequence  of  which  be  has  been  once  or  twice  punished.  It  is  thought  he  was  angry  at  her  for  not  living  with  bin,  and  supporting  their  chil children;  dren; children;  and  he  is  also  said  to  have  been  jealous  of  her.  Th  e  sheriff  and  fiscal  from  A.Tr  were  on  the  spot  next  morning,  and  a  diligent  investigation  was  made  into  the  affair  ;  and  Cunningham  was  transmitted  to  Ayr  jail,  where  he  now  lies.  The  murderer  must  have  rested  his  gun  on  the  ledge  of  the  window  and  taken  a  deadly  aim,  as  the  poor  woman  was  not  above  two  yards  from  him  when  he  shot  her.-  Alto Altogether,  gether, Altogether,  it  is  one  of  the  most  cold  blooded  murders  that  has  disgraced  Ocotfish  annals  ter  many  part."
