text
"THE  CRIMEA  A  despatch  dated  Berlin,  Wednesday,  mentions  that  the  Invalide  Busse  publishes  a  telegraphic  notification  received  from  Prince  Gortschakoff  ,  stating  that  a  party  of  French,  wearing  white  cloaks,  probably  that  they  might  not  be  so  easily  perceived  in  the  snow,  had  advanced  by  night  and  surprised  Baidar.  They  bayoneted  the  outpost,  and  retreated  when  the  Russian  reserves  came  up.  The  Russian  loss  was  three  killed  and  three  wounded  FRANCE.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  PARIS,  TUESDAY  EVENING.  Of  the  complete  and  absolute  failure  of  the  re recent  cent recent  attempt  to  induce  Russia  to  consent  to  peace  on  reasonable  terms,  there  is  no  longer  any  doubt.  The  Constitutionnel  publishes  an  article  in  large  type,  with  the  signature  of  the  Secretaire  de  la  redaction  (indicating  that  it  comes  from  a  semi-  official  source),  which  says  that  Russia,  instead  of  frankly  accepting  the  Austrian  propositions,  pre  scribed  a  string  of  counter-propositions,  and  that  England  and  France,  on  receiving  communication  of  them,  declared  that  they  were  unacceptable.  In  consequence,  Count  Buol,  the  Austrian  Minister  of  Foreign  Affairs,  declared  to  Prince  Gortschakoff,  the  Russian  Minister,  that  if,  before  the  18th  of  this  month,  his  government  should  not  accept  the  propositions  without  any  modification,  the  Austrian  legation  will  be  recalled  from  St.  Petersburg.  The  Journal  des  Debats,  which  receives  information  from  high  diplomatic  quarters,  also  declares  that  Austria  has  gone  even  farther,  inasmuch  as  she  has  already  sent  orders  to  her  ambassador  to  return.  Thus  then  is  confirmed  the  ,intelligence  which  I  have  at  different  times  been  enabled  to  transmit  to  you.  Despatches  received  from  Vienna,  to-day,  say  that  Prince  Gortschakoff  is  already  making  pre preparations  parations preparations  to  leave  Vienna  ;  and  that  it  was  thought  in  that  capital  that  his  stay  could  not  be  prolonged  beyond  the  18th.  On  the  other  hand,  I  am  assured  that  the  Russian  party  in  Vienna,  consisting  of  the  principal  aristocracy,  the  great  dignitaries  of  the  state,  all  the  old  generals,  the  Prussi  an  and  other  German  embassies,  and  even  nearly  all  the  members  of  the  Emperor's  family,  were  making,  at  the  last  hour,  most  desperate  efforts  to  present  the  Austrian  Cabinet  from  coming  to  a  rupture  with  Russia.  But  the  cabinet  showed  no  dispo disposition  sition disposition  to  yield.  It  is  asserted,  in  the  ConstitutionneZ  that  when  the  anticipated  rupture  shall  take  place,  Austria  will  call  on  the  German  Confederation  to  support  her  in  making  war.  That,  however,  the  confedera confederation  tion confederation  will  comply  is  doubted  ;  it  is  not  even  certain  that  Austria  is  prepared  to  go  to  war  at  present.  In  my  yesterday's  letter  I  mentioned  that  it  was  reported  that  Russia  had  charged  Baron  de  Seebach,  the  Saxon  Minister,  who  had  just  arrived  from  St.  Petersburg,  to  present  propositions  to  the  Western  Powers.  The  report  turns  out  to  be  un unfounded  founded unfounded  ;  but  I  learn  that  it  originated  in  the  fact  that  in  St.  Petersburg  such  intense  indignation  is  felt  against  Austria,  that  it  was  seriously  proposed  to  return  no  reply  whatever  to  her  propositions,  but  to  send  one  direct  to  the  Western  Powers.  Count  de  Nesselrode,  however,  strenuously  opposed  the  idea  of  showing  any  act  of  hostility  to  Austria  so  long  as  she  shall  not  actually  be  at  war  with  Russia,  and  he,  with  great  difficulty,  caused  his  views  to  prevail.  I  have  already  informed  you  that  the  general  belief  is,  that  the  recent  article  in  the  Moniteur,  about  the  Senate,  is  destined  to  prepare  public  opinion  for  the  proposition  by  that  body  of  certain  measures  which,  in  former  days,  would  have  been  vehemently  denounced  as  of  a  Socialist  character.  To-day,  I  hear  that  one  of  the  measures  will  probably  be  the  pet  Socialist  one,  of  progressive  taxation—that  is  to  make  a  man  with  a  fortune  of  £2,000  or  £3,000  pay  10  or  20  per  cent.,  when  a  man  with  a  fortune  of  £2OO  or  £3OO,  shall  only  pay  2  or  3  per  cent.  _  _  _  _  The  distribution  of  the  Crimean  'medals  to  the  French  troops  from  the  Crimea  took  place  to-day  pursuant  to  notice.  The  weather  was  unfortunately  very  unfavourable,—rain,  or  rather  melted  snow,  having  fallen  with  little  intermission,  and  the  ground  being  ankle-deep  in  mud.  But  a  large  crowd  assembled  to  witness  the  ceremony.  Before  one  o'clock  the  troops  were  drawn  up  in  lines  in  the  court  yard  of  the  Tuileries,  and  in  the  Place  du  Carousel.  At  one  o'clock  precisely  the  Emperor  and  H.R  H.  the  Duke  of  Cam Cambridge  bridge Cambridge  got  on  horseback,  and  passed  the  troops  in  review.  The  men  shouted  Vive  Empereur  Vive  la  Reine  d'Angleterre  and  Vive  le  Due  de  Cambridge  as  his  Majesty  and  the  Prince  passed  before  them,  and  the  bands  played  God  save  the  The  distribution  of  medals  by  the  Prince  then  took  place.  It  was  s  long  and  tedious  operation,  and  as  each  man  received  his,  he  pinned  it  to  his  breast.  It  must,  however,  be  stated  that  it  was  confined  to  the  generals  and  superior  officers,  and  for  each  regiment  to  a  captain,  a  lieutenant,  a  sergeant,  a  corporal,  and  a  soldier;  the  rest  of  the  regimental  officers  and  the  men  having  received  theirs  either  on  the  previous  evening  or  this  morning.  When  the  dis distribution  tribution distribution  was  concluded  the  different  regi regiments  ments regiments  filed  off  before  the  Emperor,  and  the  Prince,  and  as  they  did  so  they  repeated  the  same  cu  ies.  The  Empress,  for  the  greater  part  of  the  evening,  occupied  a  seat  in  the  balcony  of  the  Tuilleries  ;  her  Majesty  was  attended  by  her  ladies  of  honour,  and  accompanied  by  the  English  ambassadress.  The  troops  which  received  the  medal  were  these  :—A  company  of  engineers,  the  Chasseurs  de  Vincennes,  two  regiments  of  Voltigeurs;  one  of  Zouaves,  two  of  grenadiers,  one  of  gendarmerie,  and  one  of  artillery—all  of  the  guards  ;  also,  the  20th,  39th,  50th,  and  07th  regiments7of  the  line.  Generals  Caurobert,  Bosquet,  and  Niel,  all  of  Crimean  renown,  were  present  and  received  the  medal.  It  was  to  be  feared  that  such  a  wholesale  distri distribution  bution distribution  of  military  honours,  being  so  contrary  to  what  the  French  are  accustomed  to,  would  have  excited  general  derision,  and  would  have  been  regarded  with  contempt  by  the  recipients  of  them  themselves.  But  to  my  delight,  and,  I  confess,  to  my  surprise,  this  appears  not  to  have  been  the  So  far  as  I  could  judge,  both  officers  and  men,  from  the  general  down  to  the  little  drummer,  seemed  well  pleased  to  get  the  medal  ;  and  though  the  sight  of  a  whole  regiment,  every  man  of  which  was  decorated,  was  a  very  extraordinary,  and  a  scarcely  credible  thing  in  French  eyes,  I  did  not  hear  from  the  spectators  anything  like  the  sneering  remarks,  or  the  expressions  of  ridicule  that  were  to  have  been  expected.  An  occasional  exclamation  of  What  !  have  all  got  it?  followed  by  a  shrug  of  the  shoulders  and  an  elevation  of  the  eyebrows,  on  receiving  the  answer  All  was  the  only  thing  that  met  my  ear  or  vision,  and  I  pur purposely  posely purposely  went  about  from  place  to  place  to  hear  what  people  said.  Of  all  the  regiments,  I  should  say  that  the  Zouaves  were  most  pleased  with  the  medal—at  least  they  seemed  to  me  to  swagger  more  jauntily  than  they  generally  do,  and  seemed  more  full  of  rollicking  fun.  Amongst  the  recipients  I  specially  noticed,  was  a  general  carrying  the  stump  of  his  left  arm  in  a  sling,  and  a  dashing  little  v  ivandiere.  It  was  really  charming  to  see  with  what  swelling  vanity  the  smart  damsel,  in  her  half-masculine,  half-feminine  uniform,  strutted  along  with  her  medal  displayed  on  her  breast.  The  medal  has  been  described  in  the  English  papers.  It  is  worn  by  a  light  blue  ribbon.  As  the  regiments  were  marching  off,  numerous  soldiers  fell  out  of  the  ranks  to  show  them  to  the  by-stand by-standers,  ers, by-standers,  and  the  latter  examined  them  with  extraordi extraordinary  nary extraordinary  interest.  The  Emperor  and  Empress  are  to  attend  a  grande  soiree  at  the  English  Embassy  this  evening,  in  honour  of  the  distribution,  CHESTER  MECHANICS'  INSTITUTE.  SOIREE  LAST  NIGHT  (FROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.)  A  social,  literary,  and  musical  festival  was  held  last  night,  in  Chester,  in  aid  of  the  funds  of  the  Chester  Mechanics'  Institute.  The  soiree  took  place  in  the  recently-opened  Music-hall,  Northgate-street,  a  fine  and  capacious  hall,  admirably  adapted  for  the  purposes  for  which  it  is  especially  The  Music-hall  is  in  a  parallelogram  form,  sur surrounded  rounded surrounded  with  light  and  ornamental  galleries,  and  having  a  fine  intended.  roof  of  polished  oak.  The  structure  can  scarcely  yet  be  described  as  in  a  finished  state,  the  walls  being,  as  yet,  almost  bare  ;  yet,  from  the  elegant  proportions  and  roof  of  the  hall,  it  has  already  a  very  handsome  effect.  It  is  well  lighted,  having  a  large  chandelier  in  the  centre  of  the  roof,  a  smaller  circle  of  lights  at  either  end,  and  branch  lights  along  the  walls.  We  regret  to  say  that  last  night  the  attendance  was  not  at  all  so  numerous,  as  the  really  very  attractive  nature  of  the  pro-  gramme,  not  to  speak  of  the  object  for  which  the  entertain-  men',  was  projected,  might  have  warranted  its  originators  in  Inticipatir  The  hall  was  but  thinly  filled,  and  many  tables  were  nearly  vacant,  The  entertainment,  as  has  been  already  stated,  was  musical  as  well  as  literary  in  its  character.  On  the  platform,  where  the  organ  stands,  the  band  of  the  Ist  Cheshire  Royal  Militia  were  stationed,  and,  under  the  leadership  of  Mr.  Hull,  enlivened  the  first  hour  with  many  spirited  airs,  among  which  were  selections  from  Lucrezia  Lucia  di  Partant  pour  la  &amp;c.  At  seven  o'clock,  tea,  coffee,  and  confectionary  of  various  kinds,  were  served  around  to  the  guests.  Among  the  company  at  the  head  table  were,  the  Earl  of  Grosvenor,  M.P.,  Honourable  W.  0.  Stanley,  R.  C.  Temple,  Caldicott,  Wardell,  J.  F.  Braddock,  William  Brown,  John  Rogers,  W.  W.  Brittain,  W.  Morris,  Monsieur  Kriens,  &amp;c  A  very  considerable  number  of  ladies  was  also  present  The  greatest  attention  and  aptitude  was  displayed  by  the  gentlemen  who  acted  as  stewards  on  the  occasion.  The  chair  was  taken  shortly  before  eight  o'clock  by  the  Earl  of  Grosvenor,  amidst  loud  applause.  His  Lordship  said  :  Ladies  and  gentlemen,  fellow-members  of  this  mechanics'  institute  :  We  have  just  now  rather  reversed  the  usual  order  of  things,  and  have  had  pleasure  before  business.  It  is  now  my  duty  to  begin  a  little  business,  and  the  first  thing  I  have  to  do  is  to  read  a  letter  from  Mr.  Hicklin,  in  these  words.  His  lordship  read  a  letter  from  Mr.  Hicklin,  expressing  his  regret  that  indisposition  prevented  him  from  being  present  that  night,  and  then  proceeded—l  am  sure,  ladies  and  gentlemen,  you  will  sgree  with  me  in  the  fitness  of  the  old  saying,  three  is  no  rose  without  a  pleasure  without  accompanying  pain.  In  this  case  I  fulfil  the  part  of  the  thorn,  but  I  can  at  least  promise  you  that  the  thorn  with  which  I  shall  take  the  liberty  of  pricking  you  will  leave  a  pain  of  no  very  long  duration,  and  therefore  I  hope  you  will  be  patient  under  the  operation.  (Hear  and  laughter  )  Before  I  do  my  duty  as  Chairman  of  the  n:ght,  and  call  upon  the  gentlemen  who  will  address  you  in  the  course  of  the  evening,  and  who  can  speak  with  authority  as  well  as  eloquence  upon  the  subjects  which  we  have  met  to  consider,  I  wish  to  say  two  or  three  words  upon  the  subject  of  ourinstitute.  (Hear,  hear.)  Our  institute  was  founded,  as  you  are  aware,  some  20  years  ago,  and  it  was  founded  upon  the  rules  and  principles  generally  adopted  at  the  time,  and  rather  earlier,  by  other  institutions  throughout  the  country.  The  object  was  the  intellectual  and  moral  improvement  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  town,  who,  having  left  schools  generally  at  a  very  early  age,  had  otherwise  no  means  for  obtaining  mental  improvement.  This  is  stated  in  the  heading  of  your  own  The  object  of  the  institution  is  to  communicate  useful  knowledge,  and  thereby  increase  the  respectability  and  happiness  of  individuals  and  promote  the  welfare  of  society.  The  means  for  attaining  this  desirable  end  are,  the  establishment  of  a  library  and  reading.  room,  the  delivery  of  lectures  on  popular  and  useful  subjects,  the  opening  classes  for  the  study  of  English  grammar,  arith arithmetic,  metic, arithmetic,  mathematics,  drawing,  and  such  other  branches  of  knowledge,  as  in  time  may  appear  These  were  the  guiding  principles  and  rules  which,  at  the  first  foundation  of  these  institutes,  were  adopted.  Dr.  Biikbeck  iu  the  beginning  of  the  century,  who  was  one  of  the  chief,  if  not  the  chief  founder,  adopted  these  as  his  rules  and  guiding  principles,  establishing  them  mainly  on  this  educational  principle.  These  institutes,  throughout  their  career,  have  been  beset  with  difficulties  and  dangers.  The  difficulties  which  they  had  to  contend  with  at  first,  were  thellow  character  of  the  elementary  instruction  in  the  day  schools  throughout  the  country.  The  danger  into  which  they  have  fallen,  has  been  rather  a  disregard  of  that  educational  principle  which  led  them  to  give  their  chief  attention  to  libraries  and  news-rooms,—which  are  excellent  things  in  their  way,  and  have  done  very  great  good,  but  in  that  way  they  deviated  rather  from  the  right  track,  and  followed  one  rather  more  agreeable  and  seductive,  but  eventually  detrimental  to  their  own  interests.  Had  they  followed  the  right  track,  and  kept  the  great  principle  of  education  by  class classinstruction  instruction classinstruction  more  steadily  in  view,  results  would  have  followed,  which  have  not  yet  occurred.  Had  they  ke?t  that  principle  in  their  minds,  and  followed  that  right  track,  keeping  to  the  original  intentions  of  their  founders,  and  to  the  existing  rules  of  the  institutions  themselves—had  they  carried  these  out  to  their  full  and  complete  integrity—the  results  would  have  been  different,  and  these  institutes  would  be  now  in  a  better  position  than  they  are,  and  have  been.  Our  institution  with  which  wo  are  all  connected,  forms  no  exception  to  this  rather  general  rule.  It  was  fairly  started  in  life,  and  its  tender  years  gave  pro promise  mise promise  of  a  vigorous  majority.  But  at  the  age  which  in  human  life  is  most  critical,  it  has  rather  declined—l  hope  soon,  however,  to  recover  from  that  partial  depression.  It  has  rather  declined—and  we  are  meeting  now  to  celebrate  its  majority,  for  it  has  very  nearly  arrived  at  the  age  of  21  years.  It  has  come  to  years  of  discretion,  and  I  hope  also  it  has  sown  all  its  wild  oats.  (Laughter.)  But  I  am  sorry  to  say  it  has  come  in  for  no  very  large  inheritance.  (Laughter.)  Therefore,  my  duty  this  evening  is  to  appeal  to  the  rich  of  this  city,  and  of  this  district,  and  of  this  county,  to  come  forward  and  lend  a  helping  hand.  I  know  it  has  been  objected  to  such  appeals  that  these  institutions  ought  to  be  self-supporting,  and  that  as  they  are  called,  and  rightly  called,  the  peoples'  institutes,  they  should  be  sup  ported  mainly,  if  not  entirely,  by  those  for  whose  interest  they  were  intended.  But  my  answer  to  that  is  that  there  is  no  institute  throughout  the  coun country  try country  which  is  quite  independent  of  such  means  of  support,  and  that  until  they  can  be  made  self-support self-supporting—and  ing—and self-supporting—and  I  believe  they  will  be  in  course  of  time,  and  I  shall  be  happy  if  I  see  the  day  when  it  arrives,  for  I  do  believe  that  education  even  in  the  very  poorest  districts,  and  the  poorest  localities,  may  be  made,  if  properly  managed,  self-supporting  —but  until  they  can  be  made  so,  as  at  present  they  are  not  self-supporting,  I  think  I  may  appeal  to  the  rich  to  come  forward  and  lend  a  helping  hand,  and  I  do  not  believe  that  appeal  will  be  resisted.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  Secondly,  I  appeal,  and  with  confidence,  to  my  brother  freemen  of  this  city,  and  the  mechanics  of  Chester,  for  unless  they  come  forward  and  help,  the  help  and  the  assistance  of  the  rich  is  of  no  avail  whatever.  (Hear,  hear.)  They  should  come  forward—they  for  whom  this  institution  was  intended  as  a  people's  institution  —they  should  come  forward  and  put  their  shoulders  to  the  wheel,  and  by  a  long  pull,  a  strong  pull,  and  a  pull  altogether,  establish  the  institute  on  the  basis  which  it  should  have,  and  place  it  in  a  position  which  might  do  credit  to  the  old  city  in  which  we  live.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  may  say  here  that  Chester  has  already  earned  a  fair  name  for  works  of  education.  Great  things  have  been  already  done  here.  I  need  only  mention  the  training  college,  under  the  able  auspices  of  Mr.  Rigg  ;  and  I  may  also  mention  s  ;the  schools  of  design,  under  Mr.  Davidson,  which  have  done  great  things  for  Chester  in  that  branch  of  instruction,  and  are  creating  a  great  interest  in  that  department,  and  which  he  is  bringing  to  a  state  of  yet  higher  efficiency.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  appeal,  therefore,  to  the  mechanics  of  Chester,  and  I  do  not  believe  the  appeal  will  be  resisted  by  them.  (Hear,  hear.)  And,  last,  but  not  least,  I  may  appeal  to  the  ladies  of  Chester  ;  because  I  know  that  most  of  the  good  things  which  are  done  for  this  country,  are  done  very  much  by  the  assistance,  and  with  the  co-operation  of  the  ladies  of  England.  I  hope  the  d  is  not  far  distant— distantand  and distantand  nobody  would  be  more  glad  of  it  than  myself—when  all  classes  in  this  country,  and  this  city,  may  combine  to  the  support  of  the  greatest  and  most  important  objects  of  our  time.  I  am  afraid  that  it  is  not  so  at  present,  but  I  know  much  has  been  done  with  advantage  already,  and  I  look  with  hope  for  the  time  when  you  shall  have  firmly  established  your  institu institutions,  tions, institutions,  and  kept  strictly  to  their  rules,  in  all  their  integrity,  and  when  you  will  have  zealous  paid  teachers.  Here,  I  may  say,  that  I  know  the  voluntary  teachers'  exertions  have  been  of  incalculable  benefit,  and  that  we  must  all  feel  indebted,  in  this  institute,  to  those  who  have  voluntarily  come  forward,  and  given  their  valuable  assistance.  (Hear,  hear  )  But  I  think  the  past  experience  of  other  institutes,  generally,  has  proved,  that  without  paid  teachers,  your  system  will  not  work  well  ;  and  I  need  hardly  add,  that  without  adequate  funds,  this  very  vital  point  cannot  be  carried  out.  Therefore,  there  should  be  in  this  institute,  zealous  teachers,  and  numerous  and  willing  pupils,  and  not  confined—certainly  not—to  one  sex  only,  for,  I  am  sure  that  the  mothers  of  generations  yet  unborn  and  to  come,  expect  to  have  equal  facilities  with  the  lords  of  creation  in  obtaining  teachers  f  o  or  itnh  their  minde,  a  s  turns.  (Hear,  they  r  h  t  e  h  a  e  r  m  .  )  s  e  .w  v  e  s  e  I  k  )  a  n  v  o  e  w  t  become  w  o  h  at  their  teaching  sometimes  is,  and  what  it  ought  to  be.  Therefore,  I  should  like  to  see  evening  classes  of  instruction  for  the  daughters  of  the  citizens  of  this  town.  They  have  such  classes  in  other  towns  of  the  north  of  England,  partipularly  Leeds,  Rotherham,  Sheffield,  and  Huddersfield.  They  have  evening  classes  in  those  towns,  and  many  others  whose  names  I  cannot  mention  now,  and  where,  among  other  things,  they  have  sewing  classes,  in  which  one  of  the  number  reads  aloud  to  the  rest,  which  I  think  is  a  practice  worthy  of  your  notice.  With  other  classes  of  instruction,  they  have  reading,  writing,  arithmetic,  singing,  and  drawing,  which  I  principally  mention  as  being  absolutely  necessary  for  well  cultivated  and  regulated  institutions,  But,  all  work,  and  no  play,  makes  Jack  a  dull  boy.  and,  therefore,  it  is  also  equally  necessary  that  there  should  be  amusements  of  a  rational  character.  Among  the  amuse amusements  ments amusements  in  other  institutes  they  have  occasional  exhibitions— exhibitionssuch  such exhibitionssuch  as  exhibitions  of  models  of  machinery,  and  objects  of  natural  history,  which  latter,  by  the  bye,  you  '  , STYLE=superscript  have  in  the  Museum  in  the  Water  Tower.  Such  exhibitions  are  very  desirable,  and  have  been  found  to  be  popular  with  the•  members  of  institutes  in  other  places.  There  are  some  other  subjects  connected  with  this  important  subject,  upon  which  I  am  not  able  to  dwell  now.  I  have  not  the  time,  and  lam  sure  you  have  not  the  patience.  There  is  work  for  the  com committee  mittee committee  to  do  in  visiting  pupils,  collecting  arrears,  and  can canvassing  vassing canvassing  members.  This  is  all  necessary  work  to  be  done,  en  l  there  will  also  arise  a  question,  whether  it  would  be  advisable  or  not  for  the  committee  to  meet  once  a  week,  at  least,  if  not  oftener;  and  whether  they  should  raise  the  amount  of  the  subscription,  which  is  generally  considered  too  low,  whether  they  should  not  raise  it  to  34d  a  week  at  least,  with  an  entrance  fee  of  6d  ;  and  whether  it  would  be  advisable  or  not  that  members  should  pay  fort fortnightly,  nightly, fortnightly,  always  in  advance.  One  of  the  principal  objects  of  our  meeting  here  to-night,  is  to  obtain  funds  for  a anew  new anew  building.-  I  hope  soon  that  such  a  building  as  will  suit  our  institute,  and  adapted  for  it  in  every  way,  may  be  found.  It  will  cost  a  considerable  sum  of  money.  It  is  a  question  whether  it  will  be  advisable  or  not  to  establish  day  schools  in  that  building.  By  so  doing,  you  will  be  entitled  to  receive  a  government  grant—and  I  do  not  think,  under  the  present  circumstances,  that  would  be  a  bad  thing  either..  (Hear.)  It  may  be  said  that  this  is  not  the  time  for  pressing:  this  question.  But  we  see  the  case  admits  of  very  little  choice.  Wo  must  either  sink  or  swim,  and  as  we  should  tar  prefer  the  latter  alternative,  I  appeal  to  you  with  confidence  for  the  result.  It  certainly  is  not  a  time  for  passing  any  great,  comprehensive,  measure  of  political  reform,  social  reform,  or  educational  reform.  Therefore,  there  seems  to  be  the  more  reason  why  we  should  do  what  others  are  not  able  to  do  for  us.  (Hear,  hear.)  'There  is  one  very  painful  topic  which  I  cannot  help  alluding  to,  for  it  refers  to  a  great  friend  of  mine,  and  of  many  of  you  present.  Since  the  last  meeting  of  this  institute,  and  within  a  very  few  days,  we  have  lost  a  valued  friend,  and  Chester  has  lost  a  valued  minister.  A  great  soldier  has  fallen.  on  the  hattle-field  of  life.  The  friend  we  have  lost—the  late  rector  of  St.  Mary's—was  ono  of  the  great  and  good  bf  the  world,  whose  deeds  are  alluded  to  in  the  Psalm  of  Life,.  in.  the  noble  lines—  Lives  of  great  men  all  remind  ue,  We  can  m  ke  our  live,  s,  blime;  And  (lepa  ting  leave  behind  ua,  Footpr  nts  on  the  sand  of  iime  ;  Fontprin  s  that  perhaps  anther,  Sailing  o'er  life's  solemn  main.  A  forlorn  and  shipwrecked  brother.  Seeing,  may  take  heart  again.'  I  cannot  refrain,  also,  from  quoting  the  succeeding  verse—  Let  UR  then  be  up  and  doinv,  With  a  heat  for  any  fate;  Still  achieving,  still  Dursuing,  Learn  to  labour  and  to  cheers.)  Well,  ladies  and  gentlemen,  I  feel  I  have  no  right  to  occupy  your  time  any  longer.  With  these  few  and  very  incornpleter  remarks,  I  shall  leave  the  matter  in  your  hands.  The  . STYLE=superscript  grand  object  of  these  institutes  is  to  develope  the  faculties  of  man,  to  refine  his  manners,  elevate  his  intellect,  produce  , STYLE=superscript  his  moral  and  social  improvement  and  his  worldly  pros.  parity.  All  that,  however,  is  subservient  to  a  greater  end,.  and  we  should  all  prepare  for  a  nobler  institution,  the  one  built  without  hands,  eternal  in  the  Heavens,  (Cheers.)  The  Hon.  W.  0.  Stanley,  M.P.,  addressed  the  meeting  in  an  eloquent  speech,  which  surveyed  comprehensively  the  vast  scientific  and  industrial  advancement  of  the  half  cen century.  tury. century.  Mr.  R.  G.  Temple,  in  a  few  powerful  sentences,  advocated  the  cause  of  popular  education,  concluding  by  proposing  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  noble  chairman,  to  Mr.  Stanley,  and  the  other  gentlemen  who  had  come  from  a  distance  to  take  part  in  the  proceedings.  The  vote  was  carried  by  enthusiastic  acclamation.  During  the  night  several  solos,  duets,  glees,  &amp;c.,  taste tastefully  fully tastefully  selected,  and  most  skilfully  sung,  were  given  by  Miss  Shaw,  Mrs.  Brooke,  Mr.  and  Mrs.  David,  Mr.  R.  Brown,  Mr.  0  wen,  and  several  amateurs.  Mrs.  David  presided  at  the  pianoforte.  The  whole  concluded  with  the  Nati  .nal  Anthem,  finely  played  on  the  organ,  and  accompanied  by  chorus.  We  must  not  omit  to  add  that,  at  an  earlier  part  of  the  evening,  the  overture  to  Tancredi  was  finely  played  by  Mr.  Owen  on  the  organ.  WEST  INDIA  MAIL.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  SOUTHAMPTON,  JAN.  16.  The  royal  mail  company's  steam-ship  La  Plata,  Capt..'  C.  G.  Weller,  arrived  this  morning  at  5.30,  with  the  usual  West  India  mails,  in  charge  of  Lieut.  J.  G.  Robins,  R.N•'  Admiralty  'Agent.  Her  dates  of  sailing  are—Santa  Martha,  December  22nd  ;  Greytown,  18th  ;  Nassau,  14th  ;  Colon,  24th  ;  Demerara,  28th  ;  Trinidad,  25th  ;  Cat  thy  gena,  25th  ;  Jamaica,  26th  ;  Grenada,  26th  ;  Barbadoes  , STYLE=superscript  27th  ;  Antigua,  29th  ;  St.  Kitts,  28th  ;  Nevis,  29th  ;  Mon.,  surat,  27th;  Porto  Rico,  31st;  and  St.  Thomas,  January  Ist,  at  six  o'clock,  p.m.  During  her  homeward  voyage,  the  La  Plata  experience  d STYLE=superscript  strong  easterly  gales,  and  fine  weather.  _  The  La  Plata  brought  thirty-six  passengers,  among  whom  were  Dr.  Jopp,  36th  regiment,  and  Lieutenall  o STYLE=superscript  Annesley,  Royal  Navy.  The  freight  of  the  Plata  consisted  of  230,714  doll.  11) STYLE=superscript  silver  and  bars,  25,558  dols.  in  specie,  589,300  dols.  in  gol  d STYLE=superscript  dust  and  bars,  800  dols.  platina,  13,265  dols.  gold  an  d STYLE=superscript  silver  coin,  13,210  dols.  in  value  of  pearls  and  jewelled'  The  general  cargo  comprises  285  serons  cochineal,  328 STYLE=superscript  serons  indigl,  278  serous  bark,  5  packages  plants,  10  case  o STYLE=superscript  succades,  527  bags  cocoa,  2  boxes  mace,  1  case  tortoise°  shell,  8  boxes  nutmegs,  9  bales  India  rubber,  3  package,  merchandise,  69  bales  sarsaparilla,  and  41  p  ac  k  age  s  0.1 STYLE=superscript  sundries.  Stations  of  the  company's  ships.  The  Teriot,  Captail  l STYLE=superscript  Moir,  at  St,  Thomas's,  for  Spanish  main;  D  ee  ,  C  a  ptain  Woolcott,  at  St.  Thomas  for  Jamaica  ;  Clyde  c  a  pon  Heenan,  on  the  Gulf  route;  Conway.  Captain  Lewis,  St.  Thomas,  for  Windward  Islands  ;  Eagle,  Captain  Hole,  at  Barbadoes  ;  Solent,  Captain  Jellicoe,  on  Spanish  Main;  Atrato,  Captain  Woolley,  arrived  at  St.  Thomas  on  te  a STYLE=superscript  31st  Dec.,  at  4  p  m.  ;  Wye,  Captain  Leeds,  at  St.  Thonin  i STYLE=superscript  2;  repairing.  The  Plata  spoke  the  City  of  Mobile,  NW  14th,  bound  easterly.  By  this  mail  we  have  dates  and  advices  from  Jamai  e) STYLE=superscript  to  . STYLE=superscript  the  26th  of  December.  There  is  but  little  news  of  interest.  The  legislata  g STYLE=superscript  e  adjourned  on  Thursday,  the  20th  of  December,  for  °  t  i STYLE=superscript  Christmas  holidays,  and  was  to  re-assemble  on  the  15  p STYLE=superscript  instant.  A  notification  from  the  Postmaster-general,  requirinif  the  pre-payment  of  one  penny  on  each  colonial  newspaP  e STYLE=superscript  _  transmitted  by  the  mail  to  England,  has  been  felt  to  beL  most  oppressive  regulation,  and  will  operate  practical_y,  as  a  prohibition  to  the  circulation  of  colonial  newspaper  on  this  side  the  Atlantic.  Mining  enterprise  holds  out  the  highest  promise,  P  - STYLE=superscript  0  very  encouraging  reports  have  been  received  by  t  b STYLE=superscript  different  companies.  From  Georgetown,  British  Guiana,  we  have  dates  t STYLE=superscript  !  the  25th  ultimo.  The  Court  of  Policy  met  on  WednesdsrA  the  12th  December,  when  among  other  bills  introdLlS  was  one  to  authorise  the  issue  of  new  bonds  for  the  1 STYLE=superscript  7  i  payment  of  the  loan  of  70,0001.  advanced  by  her  Majestl,  government  for  immigration  purposes.  This  bill  114- STYLE=superscript  been  read,  but  is  not  yet  passed  Some  apprehension  is  felt  in  the  colony  that  the  suPP  of  immigrants  will  fall  very  short  of  the  demand.  Frequent  and  copious  showers  have  relieved  the  inha  i  .  p  tants  of  the  colony  from  the  apprehen  s  i  on  o  f  drour  The  young  canes  are  looking  fresh  and  vigorous.  .011  TO  exports  from  the  colony  for  a  fortnight  prev),  to  the  above  date  are—Sugar,  2744  hhds.,  246  tif  - STYLE=superscript  r%,,  1035  barrels,  and  1235  bags  ;  rum,  1539  puns.,  288  hilu,;  tobacco,  100  boxes  ;  coffee,  1  barrel  ;  old  iron,  10  to  a STYLE=superscript  st  233  barrels;  old  copper  and  brass,  3  tons;  sal  ted STYLE=superscript  hides,  20;  cocoa  nuts,  1900.  Business  continues  dull  among  the  merchants,  '  freights  are  still  high.  REVIEW  OF  THE  MARKETS.  KINGSTON,  DEc.  16.  o STYLE=superscript  ALswrvits.—Only  12  barrel  s  hav  e  ar  rived  since  our  last,  W  o STYLE=superscript  ,  was  sold  at  28a.  rl  BUTTEa.-Irish  has  been  ve  ry  d  u  ll  o  f  s  a  le  at  _lsd,  b  u  t  ofre.,oo  14id  have  been  promptly  refused  by  receivers.  Stock  of  Anie  th STYLE=superscript  fair.  A  sale  has  been  made  at  Hid  to  lad.  BEEF.—A  sale  of  Smith's  at  535.  Only  525  is  now  offered.  BRANDY.—Stock  ample..  da  li  nt  li  .  W  EAD.—No  inquiry  f  o  r  any  description,  and  stock  still  CORNMEAL.—Last  sales  at  218  6d  to  225.  5  11  114 STYLE=superscript  CANDLES.—A  parcel  of  400  boxes  sold  at  10 STYLE=superscript  d,  WAS  rejected'  re-sold  at  gil.  COFFEE.—Very  little  at  market.  -  1•-  i  n  t STYLE=superscript  c  y STYLE=superscript  (  e  i  in  tierces  declined  from  17s  to  158  a  is STYLE=superscript  s,  v STYLE=superscript  d  e STYLE=superscript  d  ry STYLE=superscript  at  19s  round,  for  tierces  and  refuse  to  operate,  14s  only  being  offer',  ,  til  which  cargocC  o  o  a  D  CORN  ,—Good  fh  .  ,  —sesi  CODFISH.—The  buyerse!frdo  hqe.undap7l  Newfoundland  Halifax  in  boxes.  sold  at  205.  c  u  „  s  ,,,—  G.  G.  is  worth  is  3d.  American  10d.  04  at  which  figure  small  10 STYLE=superscript  '''  te'  246  gi  g STYLE=superscript  salea  were  at  28e  for  Shore,  a  nd  -  tp tpyinlot  yinlot tpyinlot STYLE=superscript  of  St.  John's,  N.F.,  direct  a  pt*  oo  buyers  n  5( STYLE=superscript  );  refuse  to  pay  over  '24s  for  fi  j  and  20s  for  Newfoundland,  place,  moving.x  F  eH  s  F  L  OUR.—holders  in2  .  Nd  -  2.1:  1  - STYLE=superscript  I  s.  n.  b—  o  du  l  d  :rt  e  tha  r  hn  s  e  ede  a  a  s  ar  k  l  o  s STYLE=superscript  llAms.—Superior  scarce  and  wanted.  A  lot  inferior  501  d  to  81d.  10  LARD.—Sales  at  9d  for  best  quality.  LumBER,—W.  P.  abundant  and  dull.  W.  C.  scarce,  and  sa  le' STYLE=superscript  ,  at  225.  MALT.—Sales  of  50  hhds.  Sacell  at  an  advance  over  Pr  eci STYLE=superscript  rates.  A  nee  MACKBRRI..—SaIes  were  made  at  30s,  then  a  t  28s,  ant.  -  un,aleable  at  the  last  price.  Ott.—A  small  quantity  of  cod  in'eargo,  sold  at  4s  3d.  PORK  —A  sale  of  100  barrels  mess  at  112  s.  RlCE.—Sales  at  17s  9d,  184  3d.  and  20s,  according  to  A  d  BUN.—Sales  at  3s  gd  to  3s  10d,  proof  18.  of  sALmow.—Of  Halifax  No.  I  sales  a  t  110  s,  N  o  .  2  a  t  106  s;  foundland  No.  1  sa'es  at  1005.  ,l  SALT.—The  market  has  been  very  quiet  for  Liverpoo  l STYLE=superscript  t  s  ofty  since  the  large  operations  whi  c  h  occurre  d  t  h  e  early  Par  m  nth.  ,  SOAP.—No  sales  to  report.  SUGAR  —Sales  a  23s  to  30s.  according  to  quality.  t  i STYLE=superscript  TOBACCO.—  ales  of  la's  to  20's  at  lOid,  and  10's  at  19d.  1,64/  EXCHANGES.—O.,  London—Jamaica  and  Colonisl  $lO  (  0 STYLE=superscript  '  2  lidayesr,  c  l  e  p  n  e  t  r  .  I  c  r  e  e  n  na  t  hipmr7ium;  60  days,  la  per  cent.  premium;  0  141 STYLE=superscript  SHIPPING  INTELLIGENCE.  Arrived  at  Kingston,  Dec.  19,  William  H.  Bogen,  frool  Willoo,  38  Jaye,  calm.  THE  RUG  ELEY  POISONING  CASES.  •  FIIRTIIER  AND  LATEST  PARTICULARS  (PROM  OUR  OWN  IMPORTER.)  RIIGELEY,  WEDNESDAY.  The  fact  of  the  inquest  on  the  body  of  Walter  Palmer  l STYLE=superscript  aving  been  last  night  further  adjourned  to  this  day  *week,  for  the  purpose  of  hearing  further  evidence  from  Professor  Taylor  and  other  witnesses,  and  also  to  pro procure  cure procure  the  attendance  of  Mr.  Pratt,  of  London,  respecting  the  insurance  transactions  with  William  Palmer,  has  given  an  additional  excitement  and  interest  here  to  this  tnost  ext STYLE=superscript  raordinary  ca  se  ,  an  d  i  t  i  s  now  very  generally  believed  that  the  result  of  the  inquest  will  be  accom accompanied  panied accompanied  by  the  criminal  implication  of  other  partir  besides  William  Palmer,  should  ev--  latter  be  acquitted  of  the  charge  of  the  murder  of  his  brother.  Captain  Hatton,  the  sup  er  i  n  t  en  d  ent  of  the  count  Police.  -  een  in  iondon  for  the  last  few  making-  inquiries  into  the  circumstances  connected  with  the  case  of  Mr.  John  Parsons  Cook,  arrived  in  Stafford  lan  night  very  shortly  after  it  was  known  that  the  inquest  had  been  further  adjourned,  and  soon  after  his  arrival,  he  waited  upon  Mr.  Deane,  the  solicitor,  who  is  conducting  the  case-  on  behalf  of  the  insurance  companies,  and  stated  to  him  that  he  had  obtained  highly  important  information  connected  with  the  case  iow  under  investigation,  and  that  he  was  very  gl  a  d  th  a  t  the  inquest  had  b  een  further  adjourned.  lis  understoo  d  that  Captain  H  a  t  ton  has  had  an  interview  W  t STYLE=superscript  ith  Mr.  Pratt,  ( STYLE=superscript  luring  his  stay  in  Loudon,  and  has  obtained:  from  that  person  several  most  important  admissions  respecting  his  insur  Ince  transactions  with  Palmer,  which  will  be  laid  before  the  jury  at  the  adjourned  inquest,  and  which,  it  is  believed,  will  unravel  a  vast  number  of  circumstances  connected  with  these  extraordinary  transactions.  It  is  now  very  generally  believed  that  before  the  case  terminates  investißatiens  will  certainly  take  place  with  regard  to  the  other  persons  who  have  suddenly  died.  During  the  present  week  the  wife  and  brother  of  Mr.  Illaden,  who  died  at  Palmer's  house  under  rather  mys mysterious  terious mysterious  circumstances,  and  who  is  buried  in  Palmer's  family  vault  in  Rugeley  churchyard,  have  been  in  Rugeley  'Prosecuting  inquiries  respecting  the  circumstances  con connected  nected connected  with  his  death,  and  have  also  been  in  communica communication  tion communication  with  Sir  George  Grey,  the  Home  Secretary,  and  we  believe  it  may  be  confidently  relied  upon  that  an  order  for  the  exhumation  of  the  body,  and  an  inquest,  will  be  at  once  issued.  A  scene  may  be  expected  at  Stafford,  on  Monday  next,  for  a  writ  of  habeas  corpus  has  been  issued  for  the  pro production  duction production  of  Palmer  at  one  of  the  law  courts  in  London,  on  Tuesday  next,.at  a  trial  respecting  one  of  the  forged  bills  for  £l,OOO.  The  case  is  that  of  Mr.  Padwick  of  London,  to  whom  Palmed  gave  the  bill.  It  was  drawn  by  Palmer,  and  purported  to  be  accepted  by  his  mother.  The  bill  was  not  paid,  and  subsequently  an  action  was  commenced  against  Palmer  for  the  amount.  Since  his  imprisonme,  his  mother  has  b  een  sued  by  Mr.  Padwick  as  the  acceptor  nd  goin STYLE=superscript  g  to STYLE=superscript  of  the  bill,  an  d  she  is  defending  the  action  on  the  grou  that  she  ne  ver  accepted  the  bill,  and  Palmer  is  London  f  or  th  e  purpose,  as  ie  understood,  of  admitting  the  forgery.  :‘  The  fiat  of  bankruptcy  issued  a STYLE=superscript  gainst  Palmer,  w  ill  when  M  r  .  c STYLE=superscript  ome  before  the  Birmingham  district  court  t  o  -  morrow,  Smith,  solicitor,  of  Birmingham,  who  is  now  watching  the  inquest  on  behalf  of  Palmer,  and  wh  o  so STYLE=superscript  licitor  for  him  i  n  th  e  bankruptcy,  will  dispute  th  is  alsoe  adju adjudication  dication adjudication  on  the  ground  that  no  act  of  bankruptcy  has  been  committed.  With  regard  to  the  trial,  it  seems  to  be  now  the  prevai prevailing  ling prevailing  opinion,  that  the  application  which  will  be  made  for  the  Prisoner's  removal  to  another  county,  on  the  ground  of  the  strong  feeling  existing  against  him  here,  will  be  success successful,  ful, successful,  and  that  the  trial  will  most  probably  take  place  in  London.  The  various  statements  which  have,  from  time  to  time,  been  made  respecting  the  counsel  engaged  for  the  prosecution  and  the  defence  respectively,  are  more  or  less  erroneous.  We  can  state  upon  the  authority  of  the  respective  solicitors  engaged,  that  in  the  case  of  Mr.  John  Parsons  Cook,  the  counsel  at  present  engaged  on  behalf  of  the  prosecution  are  Mr.  Fluddlestone  and  Mr.  Scotland,  one  of  the  leaders  of  the  Oxford  circuit  ;  and  it  is  expected  that  in  addition  the  Crown  will  direct  the  Attorney-gene Attorney-general  ral Attorney-general  to  lead  in  the  case.  For  the  defence  no  counsel  has  at  present  been  retained  ;  and  it  is  untrue,  as  stated,  that  Sir  Frederick_Thesiger  and  Mr.  Edwin  James  have  both  been  named,  alo  ng  w  i  th  Mr.  Sergeant  Wilkins.  The  great  probability,  h  owever,  is  that  the  latter  gentleman  Will  be  retained,  along  with  Mr.  Kenealy,  of  Birmingham.  The  case  a  ga  i  nst  the  postmaster  for  opening  a  letter  from  Dr.  Taylor  to  Mr.  Gardener,  and  conveying  its  con contc'otS  tc'otS contc'otS  to  the  prisoner,  will  be  resumed  to-morrow,  when  the  coroner  is  subpoenaed  to  attend.  This  inquiry  also  -is  e STYLE=superscript  xciting  the  most  intense  interest.  CHURCH  OF  ENGLAND  MAGDALEN  INSTITUTION.  ___,____  •  the  first  annual  meeting  of  the  subscribers  and  friends  of  thia  institution  was  held  at  half-past  two  o'clock,  ye's ye'sterday,  terday, ye'sterday,  in  the  Bible  depository,  Slater-street.  In  the  absence  of  the  Rev.  Rector  Campbell,  from  whom  a  letter  was  read  apologising  for  his  non-attendance  through  indis indisposition,;  position,; indisposition,;  the  chair  was  occupied  by  ADAM  Hooosow,lEsq.  There  were  several  ladies  present,  and  among  the  gen gentlemen  tlemen gentlemen  were...  r.  W.  Gregson.  Mr.  G.  H.  Duncan,  Mr.  J.  Eden,  Mr.  S.  Martin,  Dr.  Hulme,  Mr.  E.  Higgin,  Revs.  After  pra  yer  T.  C.  Cowan,  T.  Cart  er  ,  S.  Holtne,  T.  Moore,  &amp;e.  had  been  offered  up  by  the  Rev.  D.  Ander Anderson.,  son., Anderson.,  'Honorary  Secretary  and  Chaplain  to  the  Institution,  The  Chairman  proceeded  to  open  the  business  of  the  meeting.  It  was  not  one,  he  said,  int  o  w  h  ich  from  its  nature,  they  could  go  int STYLE=superscript  o  ' STYLE=superscript  details;as  in  other  societies,  but  at  the  same  time  there  was  not  perhaps  any  class  of  our  fellow-sufferers,  sons  and  daughters  of  adversity,  who  were  more  to  be  pitied,  or  excited  greater  sympathy,  than  that  class  which  the  institution  sought  to  reclaim,  and  that  Whether  they  regarded  the  homes,  which  in  the  days  of  their  innocence,  they  had  left,  or  the  deep  abyss  of  degra degradation,  dation, degradation,  vice,  and  misery,  in  which  they  were  pluaged.  It  Wu  not  for  men  to  attempt  to  measure  the  different  degrees  of  criminality,  but  he  thought  it  must  have  struck  every  one  that  in  very  few  other  careers  of  criminality  are  the  steps,  generally  the  result  of  weakness  or  mis misplaced  placed misplaced  confidence,  so  rapid  and  f  ear  f  u  l  i  nto  misery  and  degrad  a  ti  on  as  happened  to  the  poor,  forlorn,  and  un unfriended  friended unfriended  outcasts  whose  wretchedness  it  was  their  busi business  ness business  that  day  to  attempt  to  'mitigate.  He  dwelt  on  that  fact  to  show  that  it  was  their  special  duty  to  rush  to  the  rescue,  if  possible  at  the  first  stage,  of  that  descent  into  crime,  so  that  the  poor  wanderers  might  not  be  utterly  lost  —that  the  betrayed  might  not  become  the  betrayers— betrayersthat  that betrayersthat  the  wretched  might  not  become  utterly  desponding  and  outcast,  but  that  they  might  be  saved  by  aid,  hope,  and  comfort  being  extended  to  them.  (Hear,  hear.)  !dr.  William  Gregson  then  read  the  following  ItEr  .  The  committee  are  now  caned  ORT STYLE=superscript  uou  : STYLE=superscript  to  p  t  first  to  the  frie  n  d  s  an  d  sunporters  of  th  e  Chu•ch  resent STYLE=superscript  of  En  heir  gland  ma  report  i.den  I STYLE=superscript  nstitution  But  as  it  has  o  n  ly  b  een  i  n  operation  since  the  m  iddl  of  Febru.ry  last,  and  as  the  number  of  inmates  h  is  been  for  the  Treater  portion  of  that  time  limbed,  it  cannot  be  expected  that  they  should  as  yet  have  mach  to  communicate  in  the  way  of  positive  results.  Stint  they  can  say,  with  great  confidence.  that  the  expe experience  rience experience  of  even  that  short  period  h  been  of  such  a  character  as  to  invest,  with  adeeper  force  and  urgency,  every  consideration  which  first  prompt  e  d  them  to  undertake  this  work  of  mercy.  The  simple  act  that  more  than  120  f  a  ll  en  women  have,  since  the  opening  of  the  institu  ion,voluntarily  sought  admission,  is  an  affecting  proof  that,  beside  s  th  e  asylums  already  occupied  there  was  a  p  ress  i  ng  necessity  for  an  add  itional  one.  Very  painful  has  been:th-  duty  of  receiving,  and  liataninv  t  ,  o  t  i  o  ,  th  e  ir  tale  of  ruin  and  woe,  and  still  more  distressing  has  it  bee  n  iged  to  refuse  to  the  majir  portion  of  them  the  refuge  which  t  e STYLE=superscript  he  them  with  bitter  tears.  But  there  was  no  alterna  y STYLE=superscript  t'v  so STYLE=superscript  e  l STYLE=superscript  f  g STYLE=superscript  The  manyo STYLE=superscript  e  f STYLE=superscript  accommodation  of  the  house  is  limited  to  about  fort  fou  I  Moreover,  the  committee  were  of  opinion  that  great  painsforty  _  r STYLE=superscript  n STYLE=superscript  rn STYLE=superscript  should  ate STYLE=superscript  h  s STYLE=superscript  e  . STYLE=superscript  taken  in  the  selection  of  suitable  objects  for  the  charity  ;  nd  still  further,  at  the  commecement  of  a  work  of  such  great  delicacy  and  d  fficulty.  they  felt  themselves  called  upon  to  proceed  in  a  gradual  and  tentative  manner,  admitting  a  few  at  a  time,  and  then  adding  to  the  number  of  inmates  as  rapidly  as  they  could  with  safety  guard  adopting  what  anpeared  to  them  the  course  most  likely  t  o  against  disorganisation,  and  peril  to  the  permanent  well-workine  of  the  institution.  Proceeding  on  this  plan,  thirty-eight  applicants  have  been  admitted  in  the  course  of  the  past  year,  each  case  having  been  carefully  Investigated  by  the  chaplain,  in  order'  as  far  as  possible  to  bring  into  the  institutioa  such  only  as  were  likely  to  derive  re  d  and  abiding  benefit  from  its  moral  and  religious  agencies.  Notwith Notwithstan,ing  stan,ing Notwithstan,ing  all  precauVons  it  ought  not  to  be  matter  of  surprise,  when  due  considerat'on  is  given  to  the  previous  ways  of  life,  and  the  habits  of  unutterable  moral  degradation  of  this  unhappy  class,  that  some,  after  the  first  impulse  c  f  remo.'se  had  subsided,  or  whose  feelings  of  remorse  have  been  superficial.  should  experience  a  retuning  desir  •  for  their  pis  , STYLE=superscript  courses,  and  feel  even  the  gentle  restraints  of  a  well-ordered  and  religiously  conducted  house  to  be  irksome.  It  is  further  tobe  remembered  that  institutions  of  this  kind  admit  of  no  re.tra'nt  of  personal  liberty,  even  were  such  re restraint  straint restraint  desirable;  and  this  it  obviously  is  not,  as  ths  first  and  most  necessary  condition  of  the  reformation  of  the  fallen  is  the  r  willing willingneas  neas willingneas  to  he  r  e  fo  rme  d  .  Th  e  comm  itt  ee  h  ave  ,  i  n  consequence,  to  state,  that  of  the  thirty-eight  admitted  api  'leant%  ten  are  no  longer  in  the  house  ;  five  left  at  their  own  desire,  foar  absconded,  and  one  Was  dismissed  for  unruliness  of  temper  and  continued  insubordina.  tion,  It  is,  however,  satisfactory  to  be  able  to  state  that  two  of  the  five  who  went  out  of  the  house  did  not,  as  it  has  been  positively  ascertained,  return  to  a  life  of  infamy,  b  u  t  are  now  at  home  w  it  h  their  friends.  Of  the  remainder  the  committee  may  venture  to  Speak,  is  not  with  confidenee,  yet  undoubtedly  with  fair  grounds  for  encouragement  and  hope.  As  a  body  they  have  become  re remarkably  markably remarkably  amenable  to  discipline,  and  are  strikingly  ti.  corous  In  their  demeanour.  They  pursue  their  various  industral  occupations  ha  the  laundry,  the  sewing  room,  and  in  the  gener-1  s-rvice  of  the  ilonsehold  with  admirable  cheerfulness,  steadiness,  and  goodwill.  1t  'oil  , STYLE=superscript  more  a  ttisfa  aory  t  t  add  that  these  poor  girls,  a  little  while  ago  utterly  cut  off  fr  o  m  I,  or  finances  of  re  li  g  i  on,  now  a  ,t  en  d,  w  ith  e,videat  readiness  of  mi  n  d,  an  d  apparent  i  nterest,  the  daily  ministra ministrations  tions ministrations  of  the  chrplal  n  j  o  i  n  i  ng  i  n  prayer  and  praise,  and  listening  with  Meekness  and  attention  to  the  word  of  exhortation,  or  to  the  simple  ex STYLE=superscript  position  of  Chr  stian  Truth  .  Fur  ther,  that  the  Sabbath  is  spent  with  Irt STYLE=superscript  Of  observance,  and  it  is  hoped  with  Opirittisi  advantage  in  attendng,  morning  and  evening,  the  services  of  the  church;  while  the  rest  of  the  sacred  day  is-,  by  their  own  free  choice,  doted  to  the  eketcise  of  committing  to  memory  the  Collect  of  the  day,  and  a  hymn.  or  portion  of  Holy  Scripture,  repeated  generally  with  wen_  derful  accuracy  to  the  chaplain,  each  Monday  Morning.  Nor  have  there  been  wanting  still  more  positive  indications  of  the  Divine  blessing  on  the  work,  tut  the  Chaplain  is  enabled  to  teport  that  indi individual  vidual individual  inmate&amp;  not  unfreiluently  seek  his  hdvice  and  consolation  under  the  Con  fictions  of  sin,  Lad  the  deep  anxieties  of  a  troubled  conscience.  Before  concluding  their  report,  the  committee  would  beg  to  offer  their  warmest  thsnks  to  the  Committee  of  Ladies,  who,  With  untiring  Christian  zeal,  have  laboured  to  proniote  the  Soirituat  etiod  of  the  inmates,  by  giving  them  individual  instruction,  and  also  for  their  valuable  services  in  the  careful  inspection  of  the  various  arrangements  of  the  hottse.  They  feel  also  that,  to  the  gentlemen  visitors,  their  hearty  acknow  devolved  duties  o  nect.d.  in  tilt  fi,s  gments  are  due.  On  them  have  e  most  onerous  and  responsible  character,  con-  ith  the  adaptation  or  the  premiaef  tc  •  kred  purpos,  ion,  and  afterwards.  with  the  dver  entire  working.  Their  Fervic  S  haVebtdii;n;earied,  reatest  value  to  the  establishment.  It  is  impossible  for  ,ee  suitably  to  express  their  sense  of  obligation  to  the  Simnel  1%  Institution.  Of  cur:  d  the  respect  ischarge  ;  o  •allow  tl  .hed  to  the  atifying,  for  in-titution  the  aid  is  sCcret  exempt"
