text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  COUNTY  COURT.  v  The  Court  sat  at  ten  o'clock  yesterday,  when  several  unim unimportant  portant unimportant  cases  were  disposed  of.  CLANCY  v.  CLAUS  :  SPECIAL  JURY  CASE.—III  this  case  the  following  jury  was  sworn  :—John  Crosthwaite,  Robert  Crookes,  Wm.  Christie,  Wm.  Carr,  and  Francis  P.  Colley.  Mr.  SIMON,  with  Mr.  HIKE,  appeared  for  the  plaintiff.  Mr.  ASPINALL,  with  Mr.  HOLDEN,  appeared  for  the  defence.  Mr.  SIMON  stated  the  case.  Mr.  James  Joseph  Clancy  was  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  George  Claus,  defendant,  and  the  action  was  brought  to  recover  the  sum  of  £5O,  for  brokerage,  for  a  vessel  called  the  Zuleika,  which  was  freighted  by  the  plaintiff  on  behalf  of  the  defendant,  as  broker,  in  the  month  of  January  last.  The  plaintiff  is  a  broker  in  this  town,  and  the  defendant  is,  or  was,  in  the  month  of  January,  the  owner  of  the  Zuleika.  In  that  month  defendant  instructed  the  plaintiff  to  effect  a  charter  for  the  vessel  to  Australia.  The  plaintiff  succeeded  in  meeting  with  a  gentleman  named  Mr.  McDonell,  with  whom  he  effected  a  charter  for  the  vessel  to  Australia.  The  charter  was  effected  upon  the  terms  suggested  by  the  defendant,  with  the  exception  of  an  addi additional  tional additional  condition  that  the  charter  was  to  be  subjected  to  the  underwriters'  approval,  before  twelve  o'clock  the  next  day,  the  26th,  this  being  the  25th.  The  defendant  approved  of  this  new  condition,  and  on  the  following  day  Mr.  McDonell,  called,  together  with  the  plaintiff,  at  the  defendant's  office,  and  there  Mr.  McDonell  stated  that  he  had  seen  the  vessel,  and  that  she  would  require  considerable  repairs.  The  de defendent  fendent defendent  expressed  some  surprise  at  this,  but  assented  to  the  vessel  undergoing  any  necessary  repairs,  and  acceeded  to  the  proposal  of  Mr.  McDonell  that  she  should  be  submitted  to  the  approval  of  a  Mr.  Bissett,  or  a  Mr.  Alexander,  but  for  some  reason  or  other  Mr.  McDonnell  refused  to  carry  out  the  contract,  although  he  had  gone  so  far  as  to  give  instruc instructions  tions instructions  to  have  the  vessel  entered  outwards,  and  also  for  ad advertising.  vertising. advertising.  The  defendant  then  determined  to  effect  another  charter  for  the  vessel,  and  he  gave  the  plaintiff  instructions  to  that  effect.  He  offered  the  vessel  out  for  charter  gene generally,  rally, generally,  and  the  plaintiff,  at  his  wish,  endeavoured  to  obtain  a  new  charter  for  him.  SO  anxious  was  the  defendant  to  obtain  a  new  charter  that  he  employed  several  brokers  for  that  purpose.  At  length  the  plaintiff  succeeded  iu  effecting  a  charter  for  the  vessel  with  Messrs.  Deane,  Yole,  and  Co.,  co  Pernambuco.  The  charter  was  effected  for  the  sum  of  £BOO.  Mr.  Clancy  then  applied  for  a  settlement,  and  Mr.  Claus  settled  for  the  second  charter,  but  asked  for  a  d  e  l  a  y  o  f  the  settlement  with  respect  to  the  first  until  an  action,  which  he  had  brought  against  Mr.  M'Donell  should  be  deter determined.  mined. determined.  The  action  was  brought  by  Mr.  M‘Donell  to  re recover  cover recover  the  difference  between  the  second  charter,  £BOO,  and  the  first,  £1,200.  Mr.  Clancy  was  called  as  a  witness  upon  the  trial,  and  the  action  ended  in  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff,  subject  to  a  reference  as  to  the  damage  to  be  assessed.  After  the  trial,  having  waited  for  some  time,  Mr.  Clancy  again  applied  for  a  settlement  of  the  account,  but  he  was  put  off  from  time  to  time  upon  various  excuses,  but  never,  upon  any  occasion,  on  the  ground  that  he  was  entitled  to  the  broker brokerage,  age, brokerage,  or  any  portion  of  it.  On  one  occasion  he  gave  an  order  upon  the  defendant  for  £3O  to  a  Mr.  Kenwick.  Mr.  Ken Kenwick  wick Kenwick  called  upon  the  defendant,  who  told  him  he  was  unable  to  pay  the  money  at  that  moment,  but  added  that  there  was  a  sum  of  £6O  due  to  Mr.  Clancy  in  respect  of  his  commis commission.  sion. commission.  Subsequently  he  paid  plaintiff  £lO,  leaving  the  sum  of  £5O  due,  for  which  the  action  was  brought.  He  believed  there  would  be  an  attempt  made  to  deny  that  the  plaintiff  was  entitled  to  the  commission  because  of  the  result  of  the  arbitration  to  assess  defendant's  damages;  but  he  contended  that  this  matter  had  nothing  to  do  with  the  question,  and  that,  according  to  the  custom  of  the  trade,  the  broker  having  done  the  work  for  which  he  was  engaged  was  fully  entitled  to  recover  the  amount  of  his  commission.  Mr.  CLANCY  was  examined  to  prove  the  case,  and  stated  the  facts  regarding  the  first  charter,  the  withdrawal  of  Mr.  M'Donell,  the  charter  made  with  Messrs.  Deane,  Yole,  and  Co.,  his  applications  to  the  defendant  for  payment,  and  the  excuses  given  regarding  the  commission  upon  the  first  char charter.  ter. charter.  His  evidence  merely  bore  out  the  statements  of  counsel.  On  cross-examination  by  Mr.  Aspinall,  the  plaintiff  stated  that  he  was  not  himself  aware  what  took  place  before  the  arbitrators,  or  whether  they  had  made  any  order  regarding  the  commission.  Mr.  KENWICK  deposed  to  the  fact  of  his  handing  to  Mr.  Claus  an  order  for  £3O  from  Mr.  Clancy,  which  he  said  he  could  not  then  pay.  Asked  Mr.  Claus  what  amount  of  com commission  mission commission  Mr.  Clancy  was  to  receive  from  him,  and  he  replied  £6O.  ,  Mr.  JOHN  MURPHY,  clerk  to  Mr.  Clancy,  stated  that  he  was  sent  by  Mr.  Clancy,  in  August,  to  Mr.  Claus,  for  payment  of  £5O  remaining  due  of  commission  upon  the  Zuleika,  and  £2  Bs.  for  demurrage.  Mr.  Claus  said  he  money,  and  that  he  would  see  Mr.  Clancy.  Mr.  ASPINALL  addressed  the  jury  on  behalf  of  the  de defendant.  fendant. defendant.  He  said  the  case  did  not  involve  much  contradic contradiction  tion contradiction  of  fact,  except  that  the  defendant  would  deny  the  state statements,  ments, statements,  which  must  have  arisen  f  r  o  m  some  m  i  sappre  h  ens  i  on,  that  he  had  ever  made  excuses  of  want  of  money  to  avoid  payment  of  this  demand,  nor  would  the  jury  think  it  at  all  likely  that  a  man  in  his  position,  and  engaged  in  so  exten extensive  sive extensive  a  business,  would  have  done  so.  The  question  involved  principally  required  the  custom  o  f  th  e  t  ra  d  e.  M  r.  Claus  had  only  received  altogether  £BOO,  and  £l7O  for  the  use  of  the  ship,  and  the  question  was  whether  the  plaintiff  was  -en -entitled STYLE=superscript  titled -entitled  to  receive  £lOO  as  commission  out  of  that  amount amountlie  lie amountlie  thought  it  very  unlikely  that  any  custom  could  exist  which  would  warrant  such  a  demand,  and  un undoubtedly  doubtedly undoubtedly  the  trade  of  shipbroker  ought  to  be  a  very  flourishing  one  if,  when  a  ship  had  been  fitted  out  by  its  owner  with  every  necessary  for  a  voyage,  the  owner  only  got  £970,  and  the  ship  broker  was  to  get  £lOO  for  merely  negotiating  the  charters.  He  should  be  able  to  call  before  them  a  number  of  gentlemen  in  the  trade,  who  would  tell  them  that  the  commission  was  only  payable  upon  the  entire  amount  received,  or  upon  the  two  amounts  added  together,  ands  that  it  was  not  the  practice,  as  suggested  by  Mr.  Clancy,  that  such  an  enormous  commission  should  be  paid  upon  a  charter  party  which  was  never  fulfilled.  If  the  arbitrators  did  not  consider  Mr.  Claus  entitled  to  recover  the  amount  of  the  two  charters,  he  contended  that  Mr.  Clancy  was  clearly  not  entitled  to  receive  the  amount  of  the  two  commis commissions.  sions. commissions.  Mr.  CLAUS  was  examined  by  Mr.  Aspinall,  and  denied  that  he  stated  he  had  no  money  when  called  upon  to  pay  the  amount  of  the  first  commission,  which  he  only  declined  doing  because  the  question  between  Mr.  M'Donell  and  him himself  self himself  was  not  decided.  Mr.  ASPINALL  put  a  question  to  the  defendant  regarding  the  decision  of  the  arbitrators,  but  the  court  declined  to  re receive  ceive receive  the  answer  as  evidence.  Mr.  ANDREW  MOORE,  ship-broker,  deposed  that  in  the  case  of  a  charter  depending  upon  conditions,  the  commis commission  sion commission  only  became  due  when  the  conditions  had  been  ful fulfilled.  filled. fulfilled.  Mr.  JOHN.  STRONG,  ship-broker,  was  also  examined,  but  was  unable  to  say  positively  what  the  general  custom  of  the  trade  was  in  such  a  case  as  the  present.  He  believed  the  general  custom  was  amongst  respectable  ship-brokers,  that  where  a  ship  was  put  into  the  hands  of  a  broker  to  charter  her,  and  he  did  so,  but  afterwards  that  charter  was  never  carried  out,  and  that,  at  the  orders  of  the  owner,  he  made  another  charter  upon  which  the  vessel  proceeded,  commis commission  sion commission  was  only  charged  upon  that  charter  on  which  the  vessel  made  the  voyage.  Does  not  think  any  respec respectable  table respectable  broker  would  charge  commission  upon  both  char charters.  ters. charters.  To  Mr.  Simox  :  Is  aware  of  instances  where  disputes  of  that  kind  arose,  and  can  speak  from  his  knowledge  oi  them.  Mr.  Simorr  replied  to  the  evidence  brought  forward  for  the  defence,  contending  that  no  answer  whatever  had  been  given  to  the  claim  made.  His  HONOR,  in  charging  the  jury,  said  the  defence  set  up,  as  he  understood  it,  was  twofold,  first,  that  the  defendan  never  made  any  promise  or  undertaking  whatever  to  pay  the  commission,—and  secondly,  that  if  he  did  so,  he  did  it  in  ignorance  of  the  real  state  of  the  law  or  custom  upon  the  subject,  and  that  he  did  nothing  more  th  an  ma  k  e  a  prom  i  se,  under  the  supposition  that  he  was  entitled  to  do  so,  when  he  really  was  not.  That  being  the  nature  of  the  defence  which  had  been  set  up,  it  was  for  the  jury  to  examine  the  evidence,  and  to  see  in  the  first  DI  aPP,  if  —.O  evtdeuee  rrom  wiucu  tu6  , STYLE=superscript  could  infer  that  the  parties  had  perfectly  under understood  stood understood  the  terms  upon  which  they  were  dealing,  or  that  there  really  was  a  direct,  express  contract  regarding  what  was  to  be  done,  and  that  both  pa  r  ti  e  s  un  d  ers  t  oo  d  the  contract  in  the  same  way.  If  they  believed  that  the  parties  had  en entered  tered entered  into  a  contract  which  each  understood,  then  any  refe reference  rence reference  to  a  general  custom  was  perfectly  absurd.  Whatever  the,  general  custom  might  be,  any  two  men  had  a  right  to  make  any  contract  they  pleased.  If  the  conduct  of  the  parties  left  a  doubt  whether  an  express  bargain  had  been  made  between  them,  then  the  jury  would  inquire  into  the  general  custom  of  the  trade.  In  order  to  render  that  custom  binding  in  such  a  case,  it  must  be  shown  to  be  so  general,  or,  he  should  rather  say,  so  universal,  that  it  should  be  taken  as  entering  into  the  consideration  of  every  bargain,  whether  expressed  in  terms  or  not.  Now  it  was  urged  upon  the  part  of  the  defendant  that  the  charter  never  was  performed.  He  was  at  a  loss  to  know  how  the  defendant  could  say  as  an  ex excuse  cuse excuse  to  that  action  that  the  condition  of  the  charter  was  not  performed  when  he  himself  had  founded  his  claim  against  Mr.  M‘Donell,  upon  th  e  very  suppos  iti  on  t  h  at  i  t  had  been  performed.  _  _  Mr.  ASPINALL  said  the  question  was  not  upon  the  charter  party.  His  HONOR  :  What  was  the  action  brought  for  ?  Mr.  ASPINALL  :  It  was  ruled  by  the  learned  judge,  that  it  would  not  lie  upon  the  charter-party  as  written,  and  there  was  a  supposed  verbal  agreement  male,  His  HONOR  said  the  exact  terms  were  quite  unimpor unimportant.  tant. unimportant.  It  was  quite  clear  that  Mr.  Claus  brought  the  action  against  Mr.  M'Donell  upon  the  supposition,  that  he  had  entered  into  a  valid  charter-party,  binding  upon  both.  He  did  not  see  how  the  defendant  could  have  a  right  to  say,  at  one  and  the  same  time,  that  the  condition  was  not  perform performed,  ed, performed,  and,  therefore,  he  would  not  pay  the  broker,  and  in  the  next  moment,  that  the  condition  was  performed,  and  he  would,  therefore,  sue  the  man  who  had  entered  into  the  charter  party.  His  HONOR  then  read  through  all  the  evi evidence,  dence, evidence,  and  again  pointed  out  to  the  party  the  grounds  upon  Which  they  should  proceed  to  consider  their  verdict.  The  Jury,  after  a  short  consideration,  found  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff  for  the  full  amount  claimed.  His  HONOR  expressed  his  entire  concurrence  in  the  verdict  given.  The  Court  then  adjourned."
