text
"We  shall  return  to  this  subject,  and  in  subse  quent  articles  show  what  is  really  required  to  pre.  Tent  the  evil.  THAT  portion  of  the  President's  Message  to  the  Congress  of  the  United  States,  which  relates  to  the  Reduction  of  the  Tariff,  is  of  the  most  imme immediate  diate immediate  importance  to  the  trade  of  Great  Britain.  As  a  concession  to  the  Free  Trade  policy  of  England,  a  modification  of  the  American  tariff  can  scarcely  be  overrated  in  a  political  point  of  view.  By  extending  great  principles,  the  most  enduring  institutions  become  consolidated.  The  legislation  of  one  country  ceases  to  be  experi  mental  when  its  views  are  recognised  and  adopted  by  the  matured  perception  of  other  nations.  The  Protectionists  of  America,  and  the  most  rabid  monarchists  of  Europe,  both  united  in  the  most  solemn  protestations  against  the  Free  Trade  doc doctrine  trine doctrine  of  England.  Every  nation  was  taught  to  believe  that  Free  Trade  was  a  means  whereby  England  must  rob  all  the  rest  of  the  world,  and  thus  our  amiability  of  purpose  would  be  accom accomplished  plished accomplished  before  any  one  could  be  aware  of.  the  hidden  depths  of  the  design.  But,  lo  !  on  a  sudden,  men  begin  to  find  that  the  first  Free  Traders  are  taking  the  lead  in  the  world's  com commerce  merce commerce  —and  what  is  the  result?  The  Zollverein  have  modified  their  tariff--France  has  reduced  her  import  duties—Belgium,  in  obedience  to  her  growing  necessities,  has  reduced  her  import  duties  on  coal  Brazil  is  also  preparing  for  extensive  measures  of  Free  Trade  —and  the  United  States  now  find  that  they  need  a  relaxation  of  the  fiscal  burthens  on  trade  and  commerce,  more  perhaps  than  any  other  people  in  the  world.  The  President  of  America  points  to  Free  Trade  as  almost  the  only  means  by  which  the  springs  of  artificial  productions  can  be  kept  in  motion.  The  plan  sug 'sug'  Bested  by  the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury  is  to  the  duties  on  certain  articles,  and  to  add  the  free-lists  many  articles  now  taxed,  and  such  as  enter  into  manufactures,  and  are  not  largely,  or  at  all  produced  in  the  country,  is  commended  to  candid  and  careful  cOnsider.  Here  is  a  triumph  for  the  men  of  Man Manchester.  chester. Manchester.  They  have  established  a  principle  of  political  economy,  on  which  alone  one  of  the  first  nations  of  the  earth  can  hope  to  continue  its  progressive  greatness  !  Surely,  and  will  become  by-words  ever  after  this.  But  to  comprehend  the  real  and  solid  advantages  which  must  accrue  to  the  whole  of  the  British  Empire  from  this  vast  extension  of  Free  Trade  ,  would  be  utterly  impossible,  as  our  past  experience  is  confined  simply  to  -the  actual  amount  of  our  trading  transactions  with  other  States,  under  a  restrictive  regime.  Yet  when  great  organic  changes  take  place  in  the  systems  which  surround  us,  certain  deductions  may  be  made,  and  all  ra rational  tional rational  conclusions  have  a  certain  value.  The  changes  which  are  about  to  be  made  are  exclu exclusively  sively exclusively  in  favour  of  industry,  which,  as  a  matter  of  course,  is  to  be  rewarded  and  sustained  by  increased  production.  Hence,  then,  commences  the  world's  race  of  competition  ;  and  those  who  can  produce  at  the  lowest  cost  will  derive  the  largest  profit.  If  we  admit  this  as  a  truism,  we  must  also  .  view  America  as  a  rival  of  the  greatest  magnitude.  .She  enters  the  great  circle  of  competition  with  an  able  supply  of  the  precious  metals;  and  with  a  national  debt  of  56,486,708'  dollars,  or  about  11,.297,3411.,  which  comparatively  small  sum  is  course  of  Now  if  she  owes  say  12,00 STYLE=superscript  0,0001.,  the  interest  of  which  amounts  annu annually  ally annually  to  600,0001.,  and  if  England  owes  800,000,000/.  the  .  interest  of  which  amounts  annually  to,  say  26,00 STYLE=superscript  0,0001.,  the  Americans  can  prodUce  a  quantity  equal  to  that  of  England,  at  25,400,000/4er  annum  less  than  we  can,  taking  into  account,  simply  the  amount  of  taxation,  which  enters  into  the  cost  of  prod  uct  i  on  i  n  t  h  e  two  countr  i  es.  This  strikes  us  as  the  point  w  hi  c  h  assumes  t  h  e  greatest  i  mpor  t  ance,  w  h  en  we  come  to  deal  with  the  ad  opt  i  on  o  f  Fr  ee  Trade  by  foreign  countries.  It  is  t  rue  th  a  t  a  l  most  every.  country'  has  some  stapl  e  production  peculiar  to  itself,  which  enters  in  the  manufacture  of  another.  The  States  have  their  timber  and  agricultural  products,  and  England  has  her  metals  and  minerals.  These  are  commodities  which  will  at  all  times  sell  at  prices  which  will  be.  regulated  by,  supply  and  demand,  irrespective  of  the  amount  of  taxation  which  enters  into  'their  production,  America  wants  at  the  present  moment  70,000,000  dollars  worth  of  iron  for  ,  railways.  BUt  the  object  of  her  modification  of  the  duties  charged  on  these  imports,  is  to  do  away  with  them  and  to  supply  .;  their  place  by  exports  of  the  very  articles  she  now  import's.  The,  same  may  be  said  of  France.  She  wants  English  coal  to  enable  her  to  manufacture  at  a  less  cost.  She  also  wants  about  four  times,  or  .  abou  1,520,000  tons,  more  iron  than  she  is  capable  of  producing  herself,  and  she  therefore  reduces  her  import  duties  on  these  two  commodities  in  order  to  manufacture  for  export;  and  it  is  not  unt  we  meet  these  exported  articles  in  our  foreign  markets  that  we  shall  find  the  advantages  they  enjoy  from  the  small  amount  of  taxation  that'  enters  into  the  cost  of  their  manufacture.  In  viewing  the  probable  and  positive  effects  of  such  vast  changes  that  are  taking  place  in  the  •material  policy  of  the  greatest  commercial  countries  in  the  world,  our  Statesmen  will  be  required  to  .deal  with  the  question  of  taxation  in  such  a  way  as  will  leave  no  marginal  advantage  in  favour  of  the  producers  in  foreign  countries  over  the  manufacturers  of  this.  In  the  meantime,  however,  we  have  a.season  of  commer  cial  activity  before  us,  which  .it  is  scarely  possible  to  conceive.  Looking  at  the  present  and  growing_  wants  of  the  five  count  r  i  es  the  tariffs  of  which  are  to  be  placed  on  a  Free  Trade  scale'  we  see  an  increased  demand  for  our  coal'  iron,  hardwares,  and  machinery,  to  the  extent  of  -  30,000,0001.  While  the  increased  production  of  gold  bids  fair  to  be  equal  Y STYLE=superscript  to  30,000,000/.  more,  which  will  flow  into  the  markets  for  our  soft  goods.  With  such  enlarged  prospects  as  these  before  us  w  e  can  see  no  cause  for  un-  easiness  as  to  the  future  of  our  trade.  And  with  Such  elements  of  individual  and  national  prosperity  in  prospectiire  we  do  not  Apprehend  any  great  difficulty  in  bringing  about  such  an  arrangement  of  the  fiscal  burthens  of  the  State  as  will  enable  our  producers  to  hold  their  position  in  the  mar markets  kets markets  of  the  world:  The  subject  of  taxation,  however,  is  one  of  such  importance,  owing  to  its  excessive  magnitude,  that  it  is  impossible  to  arrive  at  sound  commercial  conclusions  without  taking  it  into  account  and  'weighing  its  effects  upon  trade  with  We  have  endeavoured  so  far,  under  the  sense  of  public  duty,  to  remove  obloquy  from  parties  who  really,  as  we  conceive,  have  been  most  unjustly  censured  for  that  over  which  they  had  not  the  slightest  controul.  Our  philanthropic  feelings  often  run  away  with  our  better  judgments.  On  the  occasion  of  any  terrible  calamity,  we  are  glad  if  we  can  but  lay  the  blame  anywhere.  Human  nature  then  becomes  appeased.  In  this  respect  we  act  sometimes  with  - STYLE=superscript  the  -impulsiveness  and  recklessness  of  the  dog  which,  upon  a  stone  being  thrown  at  him,  runs  after  the  stone  to  bite  it,  ignorant  altogether  of  the  source  from  which  it  had,emanated  !"
