text
"TURKEY  AND  RUSSIA.  The  following  telegraphic  despatches  have  been  received  by  Submarine  Telegraph  via  the  Hague  :  TRIESTE,  OCT.  25,  5  p.m.—The  Lloyd  steamer  has  arrived  from  Constantinople,  with  news  to  the  17th  Cctober.  Prince  Gortschakoff's  reply  had  arrived.  General  Prim  is  said  to  have  obtained  a  command.  The  united  fleets  are  advancing  towards  Gallipoli.  The  passage  of  the  Dardanelles  by  the  combined  fleets  of  England  and  France,  may  be  looked  upon  as  positive,  the  French  government  having  received  a  telegraphic  despatch,  announcing  the  fact  of  their  entry  on  the  morning  of  the  14th.  A  letter  from  Paris  of  Tuesday  says  :—The  German  papers  which  have  arrived  here  to-day  state  that  Omer  Pacha  has  not  only  commenced  hostilities,  but  that  he  has  actually  crossed  the  Danube  at  Oltemiza,  and  beaten  the  Russians.  This  appears  to  be  rather  premature  ;  but  at  all  events  despatches  have  been  received  here  to-day,  dated  Vienna,  the  24th,  which  brings  accounts  from  Constantinople  of  the  15th.  At  that  date,  although  the  combined  fleets  had  not  arrived  be before  fore before  Constantinople,  they  were  daily  expected,  and  the  government  was  actively  preparing  for  hostilities.  The  answer  of  Prince  Gortschakoff  was  looked  upon  by  the  Divan  as  a  decided  refusal  on  the  part  of  Russia  to  evacuate  the  Principal Principalities,  ities, Principalities,  and  orders  had  been  sent  to  Omer  Pacha  to  commence  active  hostilities  forthwith.  The  des despatch  patch despatch  adds  that  the  Turks  had  passed  the  Danube;  but  it  is  unnecessary  to  say  that  the  assertion,  to  use  a  French  phrase,  merits  confirmation.'  It  is  curious,  however,  that  the  same  news  should  arrive  from  both  sides  at  one  and  the  same  titno  ;  and  it  renriprc  it  comtromoly-  probable  that  Omer  Pacha  will  not  delay  advancing  on  the  enemy."
