text
"ES,  JAMS,  South  John-street.  CKLE,  and  Other  CHEESE,  and  carefully  packed  to  CLIBBORN  &amp;  THOMAS,  35,  North  John-street,  LUMP  AND  POWDERED  ARSENIC,  IRISH  MOSS,  VEGETABLE  NAPTHA,  RECTIFIED  MINERAL  NAPTHA  GREEN  COPPERAS,  SULPHATE  OF  AMMONIA.  Apt,ly  to  JOHN  MATTHEWS  &amp;  CO.,  Argyle  street.  TO  THE  NORTHERN  lES  is  TWO  G  INEAS  PER  ANNUM  EVENIN(  eir  An  Even  TIMES  i  T  I STYLE=superscript  TESDAI  Paris  and  London  I  consid  Let  us  indeed  If  Russia  really  urea  3  Of  MO  DITION  the  Austria  posals  have  n  d  to  si  prelim  gn  th  VALENTIN  I  them  le  C  Z  AR'S  But  supposing  he  e  would  merely  bind  on  the  principles  accep  ;ice  effect  tc  a  reported  as  ac  tually  Hon.  M.  T.  Bain  Wood,  ti  WINDSOR,  SUNDAY.—The  Queen  and  Prince,  the  Prince  of  Wales,  the  Princess  Royal,  Prince  Alfred,  and  Princess  Alice,  the  Ladies  and  Gentlemen  of  the  Court  ,  and  the  domestic  ho  use  h  o  ld  a  tt  en  d  e  d,di  v  i  ne  service  this  morning,  in  the  Private  Chapel  of  the  Castle.  The  Hon,  and  Very  Rev.  the  Dean  of  Windsor  read  the  prayers,  and  the  Rev.  Dr.  Philpott  preached  the  sermon.  The  Duchess  of  Kent  and  Lord  Palmerston  were  also  at  the  'Ti  all  the  News  of  the  I  service.  MEETING  OF  PARLIAMENT.—There  is  every  reason  to  believe  that  Her  Majesty  will  open  Parliament  on  the  31st  inst.,  in  person.—The  Lord  President  of  the  Council,  Earl  Granville,  as  leader  of  the  ministerial  party  in  the  House  of  Lords,  gives  a  full  dress  banquet  on  the  30th,  to  which  the  following  peers  are  invited  :—The  Lord  Chan Chancellor,  cellor, Chancellor,  the  Duke  of  Argyll,  the  Duke  of  Wellington,  the  Marquis  of  Lansdowne,  the  Earl  of  Clarendon,  the  Earl  of  Harrowby,  the  Earl  Spencer,  the  Earl  of  Besborough,  the  Marquis  of  Breadalbane,  Viscount  Sydney,  Lord  Stanley  of  Alderley,  Lord  Panmure,  Lord  Foley,  Lord  Wodehouse,  and  the  mover,  and  seconder,  of  the  address  in  answer  to  the  Royal  speech.—Viscount  Palmerston's  full  dress  parliamentary  banquet  (on  the  30th  inst.)  is  to  be  to  —The  Speaker  of  the  House  of  Commons,  Sir  Hon.  Henry  Labouchere,  the  Chancellor  of  the  Ex-  zht  Hon.  R.  Vernon  Smith,  Sir  Charles  rotary  for  Ireland,  the  Right.  Hon.  W.  F.  Cowper,  Sir  Benjamin  Hall,  the  Right  Hon.  W.  Lowe,  the  Right  Hon.  E.  P.  Bouverie,  the  Earl  of  Mulgrave,  Lord  Ernest  Bruce,  Lord  Alfred  Paget,  Viscount  Duncan,  Viscount  Drumlanrig,  the  Hon.  H.  Brand,  Sir.  Maurice  rkeley,  the  Right  Hon.  W.  G.  Hayter,  the  Attorney Attorneyueneral,  ueneral, Attorneyueneral,  the  Solicitor-General,  the  Lor  I  Advocate,  the  Judge  Mr.  kdvocate,  Mr.  F.  Peel,  Mr.  B.  Osborn,  Monsell,  Mr.  J.  Wilson,  and  the  mover,  and  seconder,  of  the  address  to  the  speech  from  the  throne.—The  following  circular  has  been  addressed  by  the  Premier  to  members  House  of  Commons,  understood  to  be  favourable  to  Downing-street,  Jan.  12,  18.56,  Sir,—l  have  the  honour  to  inform  you  that  the  meet meeting  ing meeting  of  Parliament  having  been  fixed  for  Thursday,  the  31st  of  this  month,  public  business  of  great  importance  will  be  brought  forward  without  delay  after  Parliament  has  met.  I  beg  leave  to  express  my  earnest  hope  that  it  may  be  consistent  with  your  convenience  to  be  in  attendance  in  the  House  of  Commons  at  the  opening  of  the  session.—  I  have  t:le  honour  to  be,  sir,  your  obedient  and  faithful  I  MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL.  ._..--...---  LIVERPOOL,  MONDAY  EVENING  There  has  been  no  change  in  the  tone  of  the  Cotton,  Market  to-day,  and  a  fair  amount  of  busi business  ness business  has  been  done,  the  sales  reaching  10,000  bales,  inclusive  of  2,000  taken  for  speculation  and  export.  The  Liverpool  Share  Market  has  been  very  steady  throughout  the  day,  and  the  principal  improvement  has  been  in  Midland  Stock,  from  an  expectation  that  the  dividend  will  be  more  favour favourable  able favourable  At  the  close,  prices  are  at  about  the  highest  point  of  the  day  :—Aberdeen,  11  111.  Chester  and  Birkenhead,  13  131.  Caledonian,  281  281  Chester  and  Holyhead,  111  111.  Eastern  Coun Counties,  ties, Counties,  8a  81.  East  Lancashire,  18  188.  Great  Northern,  234  23  . STYLE=superscript  1.  Ditto  A,  10  10  1-16.  Great  Western,  541  55.  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Stock,  791  791.  Liverpool,  Crosby,  and  Southport,  141  15.  London  and  North  Western  Stock,  96  97.  Man  chester,  Sheffield  and  Linc  o  l  n,  24a  241.  Ditto  Preference,  13i  132.  Ditto  New  6  per  cent  Pref.,  7-16  zp.  Midland  Stock,  668  67.  North  British,  71  7f,-.  North  Staffordshire,  81  81d.  South  Eastern,  18  1-16  18k.  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  171  171.  York  and  North  Midland,  23;1  23a.  Leeds  Capital  Stock,  13  131.  Dutch  Rhenish,  13-16  x  all  15-16  p.  Ditto  New  Shares,  21  21p.  Great  Western  of  Canada,  25'1  26k.  Ditto  New  Shares,  31  31p.  Great  Luxembourg,  8  15-16  8  13-16  d.  The  half  yearly  meeting  of  the  Union  Bank  of  Australia  was  held  this  day,  at  which  a  favourable  report  was  read,  showing  an  improving  state  of  trade,  and  general  business  of  the  Colony.  A  dividend  of  131  per  cent,  for  the  half-year  was  declared.  The  accounts  were  as  follows  :  LIABILITIES  •  “-11  Circulation  .  .2.1. STYLE=superscript  Deposits  Bills  payable,  and  other  liabilities  Balance  of  undivided  profits  Reserve  fund  (invested  as  per  contract.  Paid  up  capital  £465,919  0  0  2,854,401  19  2  534,442  2  9  119,234  0  8  1,020,000  0  0  44,993,997  2  ASSETS.  Specie  on  hand,  including  bullion  and  cash  balances  Bank  premises  and  other  property  Bills  receivable,  government  stock,  and  other  securities  Investment  of  Reserve  Fund,  New  3  per  Cents  (late  3  :  1-)  £1,536.217  2  11  44,563  5  4  £4,993,997  2  7  The  Money  Market  has  resumed  a  settled  character.  The  tendency  of  prices  was  rather  less  favourable,  but  the  closing  quotations  were  almost  equal  to  the  last  official  rates  of  Saturday,  and  k  to  per  cent.  above  those  current  after  regular  hours  on  Saturday  afternoon.  On  the  whole,  the  market  is  firm,  prices  closing  at  891  90.  A  disposition  is  evidently  rising  to  speculate  for  higher  prices  in  a  large  number  of  securities,  in  the  hope  of  a  speedy  peace.  The  conclusion  of  an  armistice  is  the  next  great  event  to  which  these  speculators  look  for forward.  ward. forward.  In  the  Discount  Market  we  notice  a  better  supply  of  money,  and  the  immediate  tendency  of  the  market  is  easier.  The  more  reassuring  aspect  of  politics  apparently  induce  holders  in  money  to  lend  it  more  freely.  As  regards  the  rates,  how however,  ever, however,  little  change  is  observable.  In  the  Stock  Exchange  to-day  money  was  also  easier,  at  about  4  per  cent.  on  Government  Securities.  At  Paris  to-day  the  Three  per  Cent.  Rentes  closed  4  to  per  cent.  lower  than  on  Saturday.  owing  to  an  increased  demand  for  money.  The  Tallow  Market  to-day  showed  a  decided  reaction  from  the  late  severe  fall.  The  Railway  Share  Market  is  decidedly  better  in  character.  Investments  by  the  public  are  more  freely  made,  and  to-day  speculative  purchasers  have  increased,  chiefly  on  provincial  account.  The  annexed  are  the  closing  quotations  :  Caledonian,  564  1.  Eastern  Counties,  8  9-16  11-16.  East  Lancashire,  71  73.  Great  Northern,  931  944.  Ditto  A,  79  81.  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  791  80.  London  and  North  Western,  97  974.  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincolnshire,  244  25.  Midland  Stock,  671  68.  North  British,  26  27.  South  Eastern  and  Dover,  60  604.  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  694  70.  York  and  North  Midland,  474-  .184.  SHIPWRECK  ON  ARKLOW  BANK.--The  Horizon,  which  sailed  from  this  port  on  the  17th  instant,  struck  on  Arklow  bank,  on  Friday  night,  and  has  become  a  total  wreck.  The  captain  and  crew  were  saved,  and  landed  at  Arklow.  AMERICAN  MAILS.—The  United  States  mail  steamers  having  resumed  their  former  position,  will  henceforth  sail  every  alternate  Wednesday,  for  New  York.  To-morrow  the  Pacific  will  sail  with  the  mails,  &amp;c.,  for  New  York,  and  letters  will  be  received  at  the  General  Post•office  tp  to  nine  morning,  and  with  fees  at  ten  ;  and  on  the  landing-stage,  with  additional  fees,  till  eleven  o'clock.  FlRE.—Yesterday  evening  a  fire  was  discovered  in  the  workshops  situate  in  Post-office-place,  and  attached  to  the  extensive  establishment  of  Mr.  Hausberg,  jeweller,  Church-street.  An  immediate  alarm  was  given  at  the  West  of  England  hose  station,  Rotunda-place,  and  Mr.  Barrett,  with  the  engine,  were  speedily  on  the  spot,  quickly  followed  by  Mr.  Hewitt,  with  the  reel  and  men  from  the  Temple  -court  station.  A  plentiful  supply  of  water  was  obtained  from  the  fire  main  at  the  end  of  Parker-street,  and  in  a  short  time  the  fire,  which  was  confined  to  the  workshop  in  which  it  originated,  was  entirely  subdued.  Ht  one  period  it  was  feared  that  the  fire  would  have  extended  to  the  shop  which,  as  our  readers  are  aware,  contains  a  stock  of  property  as  exten extensive  sive extensive  as  it  is  valuable.  Happily,  however,  the  extent  of  damage  is  trifling,  and  the  property  is  insured  in  the  Scottish  Union  office.  LITERARY  AND  PHILOSOPHICAL  SOCIETT.—Last  evening,  this  society  held  its  usual  periodical  meeting,  at  the  Royal  Institution,  Collegiate-street.  In  the  absence  of  the  presi president  dent president  and  vice-president,  the  senior  member  of  the  council,  Mr.  Bloxham,  occupied  the  chair.  Mr.  L.  Hardman  was  elected  13.  member  of  the  society.  In  consequence  of  the  death  of  Mr.  J.  B.  Yates,  who  filled  the  office  of  vice vicepresident,  president, vicepresident,  a  successor  was  elected  from  the  council  to  fill  that  vacancy.  Mr.  T.  C.  Archer  and  the  Rev.  Mr.  Higgins  were  the  only  two  gentlemen  named.  The  members  having  recorded  their  votes,  and  the  numbers  being  found  equal,  ten  each,  the  chairman  gave  his  casting  vote  in  favour  of  Mr.  T.  C.  Archer,  who  was  consequently  elected.  Mr.  Brooke  announced  that,  during  his  recent  visit  to  Leomin Leominster,  ster, Leominster,  he  had  seen  that  horrible  piece  of  torture  a  ducking  in  a  good  state  of  preservation.  The  last  occasion  on  which  it  was  used  was  about  seventy  years  since,  in  the  punishment  of  a  female  of  ill  fame.  He,  as  the  oldest  law lawyer  yer lawyer  in  Liverpool,  denied  that  there  was  ever  any  law  in  England  which  would  justify  any  county  magistrate,  or  his  dogberry  in  inflicting  such  a  punishment,  and  in  that  opinion  he  thought  he  should  be  borne  out  by  Mr.  Bretherton.  After  a  brief  conversation,  Mr.  G.  H.  Morton  read  a  paper  On  the  sub-divisions  of  the  new  red  sandstone  between  the  river  Dee  and  the  up-throw  of  the  coal  measures  east  of  which  he  explained  by  several  diagrams,  show showing  ing showing  the  several  strata  along  the  locality  then  under  consid consideration.  eration. consideration.  Mr.  J.  T.  Towson  then  gave  some  additional  observations  ice  impediments  to  Australian  voyage,  and  the  probable  fate  of  the  Guiding  From  a  dia diagram,  gram, diagram,  he  explained  the  homeward,  an  d  t  h  en  the  outward,  voyage  to  Australia,  in  the  course  of  which  he  pointed  out  where  ice  was  most  to  be  found,  and  gave  it  as  his  opinion,  that  she  had  got  amongst  some  icebergs,  and  was  lost.  Votes  of  thanks  were  passed  to  each  of  the  above  gentlemen,  and  the  society  adjourned.  LEEDS  BOROUGH  ELECTION.-It  is  expected  that  the  election  to  supply  the  vac.sncy  in  the  representation  of  this  borough,  caused  by  Mr.  Baines's  acceptance  of  the  Chan Chancellorship  cellorship Chancellorship  of  the  Duchy  of  Lancaster  will  take  place  on  Wednesday,  the  6th  of  February.  No  opposition  to  the  late  member's  re-election  is  anticipated.—Leeds  Mercury.  A  PUBLICAN  AND  THE  GREAT  BREWERS.  -011  Satur Saturday,  day, Saturday,  in  the  Brompton  County  Court,  was  tried  by  Mr.  Adolphus,  v.  Sir  Henry  Meux  and  This  was  an  action  in  replevin,  brought  to  try  the  right  of  the  defendants  to  make  a  levy  for  rent  on  the  premises  occupied  by  the  plaintiff.  The  premises  in  question  were  known  as  The  Guardsman  public-house,  in  Knights Knightsbridge,  bridge, Knightsbridge,  and  was  the  property  of  Sir  H.  Meux  (the  great  brewery  firm).  In  1852  the  plaintiff  purchased  the  goodwill  and  fixtures  of  the  house  for  9001,  and  agreed  to  pay  a  renta  of  2001  a  year  to  the  company.  The  house,  however,  was  in  so  dilapidated  and  ruinous  a  state,  that  it  had  been  found  impossible  to  carry  on  business  with  safety.  On  payment  of  the  first  half-year's  rent,  the  plaintiff  alleged  that  the  agent  of  the  defendants  had  agreed  with  him  that  no  fur further  ther further  rent  should  be  paid  until  the  premises  were  rebuilt.  Notwithstanding  this  promise,  however,  the  defendants  had  resorted  to  every  means  to  get  the  plaintiff  out  of  the  house  without  making  any  provision  for  restoring  to  him  the  money  which  he  had  invested  in  the  business.  Among  other  steps  to  which  they  had  resorted  was  putting  in  an  execution  for  arrears  of  rent,  for  the  sum  of  3501.  The  plaintiff  contended,  that  under  the  terms  of  the  agreement,  made  with  the  agents  of  the  defendants,  he  was  not  liable  to  the  payment  of  rent,  that  the  levy  of  the  defendants  was  illegal,  and  further,  that  the  defendants  had  failed  to  keep  the  premises  in  a  proper  state  of  repair.  After  hearing  the  evidence,  his  honour  directed  the  jury  to  find  a  verdict  for  the  defendants,  on  the  ground  that  the  provisions  of  Mr.  Calton,  the  agent,  did  not  bind  the  defendants,  and  the  fact  of  the  plaintiff  having  signed  an  agreement,  undertaking  himself  to  keep  the  property  in  repair,  absolved  the  defendants  from  that  duty,...Yerclict  For  defencluits  accmliugly"
