text
"THE  NORTHERN  DATIX  TIMES.  endeavour  to  render  the  educational  machinery  tive  than  it  now  is.  system  of  education  that  should  embrace,  in  its  wide  grasp,  even  those  miserable  unfortunates,  now  only  cared  for  by  a  few  benevolent  individuals,  the  schools  for  the  instruction  of  whom  are  entirely  dependent  upon  eleemosynary  charity?  If  ignorance  be  a  man's  foe  and  a  nation's  bane,  the  scfBner  the  monster  is  Crushed  the  better.  The  annual  expense  of  sup supporting  porting supporting  our  prisons  and  transporting  our  felons,  would  educate  the  entire  population  of  Great  fl  i ita*  ta* ita*  whilst  society  would  be  saved  from  being  victimised  continually,  and  our  country  relieved  from  the  just  reproach  which  such  an  inconceivable  mass  of  crime  and  misery  reflects  upon  it.  These  are  grave  considerations,  which  sooner  or  later  must  be  grappled  with.-  However,  the  less  procras procrastination  tination procrastination  the  better.  We  do  not  want  good  inten intentions—they  tions—they intentions—they  are  generally  good  for  nothing.  Dr.  JOHNSON  says  that  is  paved  with  and  we  all  knew  the  old  distich,  which  is  not  so  valuable  for  its  antiquity  as  for  its  suggestiveness  :  of  this  country  far  more  eff  Why  is  it  not  possible  to  have  1 STYLE=superscript  ‘  The  devil  was  sick,  the  devil  a  monk  would  be— be.  . be.  The  devil  got  well—the  devil  a  monk  was  he  What  we  want—what  the  necessity  of  the  case  de demands—is,  mands—is, demands—is,  practical  and  immediate  exertion.  This  is  pre-eminently  the  age  of  action  ;  and  it  will  not:do  for  governments,  :or  the  governed,  to  sit  down  in  dreamy  listlessness,  whilst  such  a  despot  as  Ignorance,  with  his  illimitable  forces,  stalk  forth  to  subdue  our  country  and  enslave  our  population.  The  mot  d'ordre  of  the  vanguard  of  civilization  should  Up  boys,  and  at"
