text
"TURKEY.  A  Constantinople  .letter,  in  the  Trieste  Z  e  itung,  contains  matters  of  importance.  The  greater  part  of  the  Turkish  fleet  is  gone  to  Batoum,  and  it  is  af affirmed  firmed affirmed  that.  a  communication  with  Schamyl  has  b  een  established.  The  news  of  the  seriprevalentous  losses  suffered  by  the  Russians  is  confi  r  med,  an  d  if  th  e  rumours  are  worthy  of  credit,  all  the  Mussulmm  tribes  on  the  eastern  coast  of  the  Black  Even  if  allowance  is  made  for  Oriental  colouring,  it  is  still  e  vi  dent  that  there  is  a  great  ferment  in  the  c  oun  t  r  i  es  near  the  C  au  casus.  The  new  Turkish  loan  will  be  200,000,000  p  i  as  tres.  Mimic  ,  Pasha,  man  of  patriotic  and  spo  tless  goes  to  Paris  to  negotiate.  The  fleets  will  no  , STYLE=superscript  go  up  to  the  B  os  pho  rus  and  Black  Sea  unless  their  presence  would  be  urgently  neces necessary.  sary. necessary.  sea  are  up  in  arms.  Soundings  are  being  taken  in  the  ports  of  the  Sea  of  Marnora,  but  it  appears  that  the  fleets  w  ill  not  for  the  present  go  beyond  Gallipoli.  IRELAND  (PROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  TUESDAY  CLOSING  OF  THE  EXHIBITION.  This  ceremony  took  place  yesterday,  in  the  pre  sense  of  some  21,000  spectators.  It  was  somewhat  similar  to  that  which  inaugurated  the  great  under undertaking,  taking, undertaking,  the  arrangements,  however,  being  less  ex exclusive  clusive exclusive  and  more  convenient  altogether.  The  doors  opened  at  an  early  hour  in  the  „morning,  and,  despite  the  unpropitious  weather,  continued  all  day  to  receive  an  immense  influx  of  visitors.  At  a  quarter  before  three  o'clock  the  cheering  outside  announced  the  approach  of  the  Lord  and  Lady  Lieutenant  ;  and  immediately  after  -  their  ;  Excellencies  entered  by  the  grand  entrance,  pre preceded  ceded preceded  by  Alderman  Roe,  Mr.  Dargan,  and•  the  other  members  of  the  Exhibition  Committee.  As  soon  as  they  entered  the  Great  Hall,  the  military  bands  struck  up  the  National  Anthem,  and  the  vast  as assemblage  semblage assemblage  burst  into  one  hearty  and  enthusiastic  cheer,  which  made  the  walls  and  roof  of  the  build building  ing building  ring  again.  The  .cheering  continued  at  short  intervals  until  his  Excellency  reached  the  dais,  when  still  more  vehement  acclamations  broke  forth,  no  small  proportion  of  which  were  evidently  in intended  tended intended  for  Mr.  Dargan.  His  excellency  then  took  his  seat  on  the  dais,  the  Countess  of  St.  Germans  ;ccupying  the  seat  immediately  on  his  left.  The  Right  Hon.  the  Lord  Chancellor,  the  Right  Hon.  the  Lord  Mayor,  and  the  other  distinguished  personages  also  took  up  the  positions  assigned  them.  Among  those  present  we  noticed  the  Provost  of  Trinity  College,  Lord  Talbot  de  Malahide,  Lord  Massarene,  Lord  Ward,  Lord  Dunboyne,  Sir  Edward  and  Lady  Blakeney,  Sir  Edward  M'Donnel,  the  Earl  of  Bective,  Sir  John  Young,  the  Marchioness  of  London.  derry,  Colonel  Penefather,  William  Dargan,  Esq.,  Viscount  Gort,  Colonel  Browne,  Colonel  Eden,  the  Attorney-General,  Sir  John  Benson,  the  members  of  the  committee,  &amp;c.  The  following  programme  was  then  gone  through  in  a  manner  that  elicited  the  delight  and  admira admiration  tion admiration  of  the  entire  assembly  The  Hundredth  Psalm,  as  at  the  Inauguration—Organ  and  Or Orchestra  chestra Orchestra  ...  The  Heavens  are  telling—Or telling—Organ  gan telling—Organ  and  Orchestra..  The  Exhibition  Grand  March—  Arranged  by  J.  Robinson  Haydn  Military  Bands  March  from  Athalie—Military  Bands  ..  Mendelsohn  His  Excellency  the  Lord  Lieutenant  then  arose  from  his  seat,  and  Mr.  C.  P.  Roney,  the  active  and  energetic  secretary  of  the  Exhibition,  having  been  introduced  by  Alderman  Roe,  his  Excellency  desired  him  to  kneel,  for  the  purpose  of  receiving  the  honor  of  knighthood.  Mr.  Roney  having  obeyed  the  request,  his  Excellency  touched  him  with  a  sword,  and  said,  Rise,  Sir  Cusac  Patrick  whereupon  a  loud  and  hearty  cheer  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  from  the  assembled  multitude,  who  thus  evinced  their  approbation  of  the  honor  conferred  upon  the  talented  gentleman.  The  worthy  Knight  was  heartily  congratulated  by  the  Chair Chairman  man Chairman  of  the  Executive  Committee,  Mr.  Dargan,  his  R.  P.  Stewart,  Mus.  D  brother  secretary  Mr.  Deane,  and  several  other  friends.  Lady  Roney  was  subsequently  introduced  to  the  Earl  and  Countess  of  St.  Germans  to  receive  their  felicitations.  His  EXCELLENCY  then  came  forward,  and  in  a  clear,  distinct  voice,  said—l  cannot  declare  the  Great  Industrial  Exhibition  of  1853  to  be  closed  without  expressing  an  earnest  wish  for  the  health,  happiness,  and  prosperity  of  the  man  to  whom  we  are  all  indebted  for  the  instruction  we  have  received  from  the  many  productions  of  art  and  nature  which  are  contained  within  these  walls.  I  also  desire  to  acknowledge  the  liberality  of  the  owners  of  these  treasures,  for  permitting  them  to  be  exhibited.  Let  me  also  pay  a  tribute  of  praise  to  the  committee,  the  secretaries,  and  the  other  officers  connected  with  it,  for  the  zeal,  the  assi assiduity,  duity, assiduity,  and  the  intelligence  with  which  they  have  discharged  their  many  duties.  Lastly,  let  me,  in  the  name  of  this  assembly,  offer  to  Almighty  God  our  heartfelt  thanks,  for  having  blessed  and  pros prospered  pered prospered  this  undertaking.  I  now  declare  this  Exhi Exhibition  bition Exhibition  to  be  closed.  His  Excellency  concluded  by  calling  for  three  cheers  for  Mr.  Dugan.  (Loud  and  prolonged  applause).  A  VOICE.--A  cheer  for  the  Lord  Lieutenant.  (Loud  cheers).  This  part  of  the  ceremonial  being  concluded,  the  national  anthem  was  then  performed  by  the  organ  and  orchestra,  assisted  by  the  military  bands,  after  which  their  Excellencies  retired,  at  half-past  three  q'cloolc,  accompanied  by  the  com committee  mittee committee  to  the  grand  entrance,  and  in  the  course  of  another  hour  the  gay  throng  separated  and  left  the  building,  the  entire  ceremonial  occupying  only  one  hour.  Thus  closed  the  Great  Exhibition  of  1853  finally,  though  up  to  late  yesterday  hopes  were  entertained  of  its  being  re  opened,  All  doubt_  however  was  set  at  rest  by  the  answer  of  the  com  mittee  to  a  deputation  which  waited  on  them  last'  night,  which  was  couched  in  the  following  terms  As  the  Exhibition  is  closed,  and  as  some  of  th  e  exhibitors  have  announced  their  intention  of  im-s  mediately  removing  their  goods,  and  the  office  c  having  reported  that  the  admision  of  the  publid  during  even  the  partial  pa6king  of  the  goods  woul  be  most  bleonyenient  and  almost  impracticable-  Re  . STYLE=superscript  solved—That  the  deputation  of  the  exhibitors  be  in  formed  that,  after  full  and  mature  consideration  of  all  the  circumstances  of  the  case,  the  eommittee  feel  that  the  sub subject  ject subject  is  encompassed  with  such  difficulties,  and  the  results  so  doubtful,  that,  with  every  wish  to  meet  their  request,  and  with  every  disposition  to  afford  the  working  classes  facility  to  visit  the  Exhibition,  the  committee  feel  bound  to  decline  re-opening  the  Exhibition,  T.  .  THE  TRIAL  OF  MISS  CANTWELL—This  case  was  resumed  yesterday,  when  the  examination  of  Dudley,  the  man  who  it  is  said,  detected  the  pri prisoner,  soner, prisoner,  was  proceeded  with  by  Mr.  Whiteside,  Q.  C.  The  witness  was  afterwards  subjected  to  a  lengthy  cross-examination  by  Mr.  Fitzgibbon,  Q.  C.  and.  some  slight  descrepancies  between  his  evidence  and  his  original  information  were  elicited.  After  the  examination  of  Mr.  Cammock,  the  police  con constable  stable constable  who  arrested  Miss  Cantwell,  and  one  or  two  other  witnesses,  the  case  was  further  adjourned  to  this  morning.  SPORTING  INTELLIGENOE  WORCESTER  RACES.—YES  TERDAY  Sweepstakes  for  two  yrs  olds.  Indiana  Czarina  Astrea  Tl'Fee  ran.  Worcester  Handicap  Radcliffe  Hero  Little  Davie  Friday  .  Ten  ran.  Won  ea,sy.  Sweepstakes  of  Five  Sovs  Hope  Wellsbourno  Scurry  Handicap.  Maria  Bell  Indiana  Seven  ran.  Selling  Stakes,  Hamlet  Ada.,.  LIVERPOOL  MARK  ETS.—.-YESTRADAY.  Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  Daily  Times.  n.—The  market  is  without  change,  and  we  have  only  to  report  the  sale  of  80  hhds  Antigua,  at  32s  3d  to  34s  3d;  and  800  bags  Benares,  at  37s  to  39s  9d  per  cwt.  MOLASSES  have  again  been  taken  freely,  the  business  to-day  comprising  250  puncheons  Barbadoes,  at  18s  per  cwt.  Of  Rum,  65  puncheons  Jamaica,  and  30  puncheons  Dema Demarara  rara Demarara  have  realised  full  rates.  No  sales  of  COFFEE.  The  RICE  market  continues  very  active,  3,000  bags  Aracan  having  changed  hands  at  13s  3d  ;  a  cargo  of  400  tons  to  arrive  at  13s  ;  and  2,600  bags  and  pockets  Bengal,  chiefly  by  auction  to-day,  at  15s  to  1.5  s  3d  per  cwt.  JUTE.—Of  that  offered  to-day,  only  about  10  bales  were  sold  at  £24  5s  ;  and  50  bundles  Bombay  Hemp.  at  £lB  to  £l9  per  ton.  TEA.—A  large  business  is  again  reported  to-day,  chiefly  on  speculation.  COTTON.—The  market  to  day  has  been  unusually  dull,  and  Little  business  doing.  The  sales  aro  3,000  bales.  HlDES.—There  are  no  sales  to  report,  and  the  market  is  dull.  One  hundred  and  ninety-eight  tons  OAR  BARK  offered  to today  day today  did  not  sell  ;  £5  15s  was  bid  for  good  Dordt.  The  Va Valonia  lonia Valonia  did  not  sell  either.  The  TALLOW  market  is  quiet,  and  100  pipes  have  been  sold  at  27s  per  cwt  for  good  holders'  quality.  LIVERPOOL  CORN  MARKETS.-YESTERDAY  The  rains  of  last  week,  which  appear  to  have  fallen  heavily  over  a  large  surface  of  the  United  Kingdom,  were  equally  so  here,  and  the  process  of  sowing  wheat  was  consequently  sus suspended,  pended, suspended,  imparting  at  most  of  the  leading  provincial  markets  of  this  country  and  Ireland,  a  further  advance  in  the  prices  of  nearly  every  description  of  grain  ;  within  the  last  few  days,  however,  the  weather  has  become  more  favourable,  and  if  continued,  may  possibly  calm  down  any  undue  excitement  for  tho  moment  We  have  received  into  this  port,  during  the  week  ending  yesterday,  a  tolerable  quantity  of  oatmeal,  but  of  graM  or  flour  thence  or  coastwise,  the  arrivals  of  the  week  are  inconsiderable,  while  of  any  kind  of  grain  from  abroad  the  import  is  per perfectly  fectly perfectly  insignificant  :  of  flour,  however,  we  have  a  fair  supply,  chiefly  from  the  United  States  and  Spain,  and  partly  from  B►itish  colonios,  1,892  barrels  from  the  latter  being  a  re-ship re-shipment  ment re-shipment  from  Australia.  During  the  same  period  the  exports  of  . STYLE=superscript  wheat  and  Indian  corn  henr,..voood,  and  thooo  of  a...,  ucualy  equal  the  importations  subjoined.  The  flour  trade  here  was  dearer  on  Saturday  last,  but  yes yesterday  terday yesterday  the  sale  for  this  article  as  well  as  wheat  became  dull,  with  some  tendency  to  easier  rates.  Conflicting  accounts  from  the  East  influence  the  market  according  to  their  peaceable  ten tendency  dency tendency  or  otherwise,  though  in  reality  this  question  is  of  minor  importance,  Unless  its  settlement  should  ensure  us  an  early  renewal  and  continuance  of  supply,  upon  which,  in  the  face  of  excessive  rates  abroad,  the  scarcity  of  shipping,  and  the  com competition  petition competition  of  other  countries,  we  cannot  count.  Our  market  to-day  was  fairly  attended,  but  generally  by  much  more  extensive  buyers  than  of  late,  and  the  transactions  in  foreign  wheat  have  been,  in  the  aggregate,  only  of  moderate  amount;  prices  ranging  rather  over  those  of  this  day  week,  but  scarcely  as  good  as  were  realised  on  Friday.  Of  farmer's  new  there  was  a  full  display  of  samples,  the  condition  in  some  cases  damp,  in  others  good,  and  was  mostly  cleared  off  at  the  annexed  quotations.  Flour  may  be  noted  about  6d.  per  barrel  over  Tuesday  last;  choice  fresh  qualities  are  not  plen plentiful,  tiful, plentiful,  and  held  firmly,  but  the  sale  of  all  kinds  has  been  of  a  limited  character  to-day.  Sour  descriptions  cannot  be  quoted  higher.  Prime  dry  qualities  of  barley  merely  support  the  late  im improvement  provement improvement  ;  damp  new  parcels  are  difficult  to  quit,  even  at  less  money.  Beans  have  advanced  2s  to  3s  per  qr.  on  the  week  ;  there  are  buyers  of  Egyptians  at  48s.  We  also  note  oats  at  ld  per  bushel,  and  oatmeal  at  2s  per  load  advance,  the  business  in  the  latter,  for  several  days,  both  in  store  and  to  arrive,  having  been  large.  The  enhanced  price  of  Indian  corn  checks  the  sale,  still  a  moderate  business  is  doing  at  our  quotations.  Prices  current  in  Liverpool  per  Imperial  Standard.  .  Tuesday,  November  1,  1853.  BRITISH.  a.  d  a.  d,  a.  d.  s.  d  701  b,  English,  red,  old  g  6  10  4  „new..  g  6  10  1  D  0.........  wh.do.  10  6  10  9..  do.  ..  10  0  10  7  red,  do.  ..  d  0...  -  wh.  do  ..do."
