text
"THE  C  M  EA.  The  same  despatch  brings  the  following  intelli  genre  from  the  Crimea.  Numerous  ambuscades  of  Cossacks  were  spread  round  the  camp  of  the  Allies,  but  the  vigilance  of  the  latter  rendered  completely  abortive  every  attempt  made  by  the  Russian  troops.  PERSIA,  The  official  journal  of  Persia  has  published  a  declaration,  under  authority,  to  the  effect  that  the  Persian  Government  intended  to  maintain  its  neutrality  between  the  hedigerent  Powers.  ♦  GREECE.  Advices  dated  Athens,  Jan.  3,  state  that  the  Greek  Government  have  determined  to  keep  a  strict  neutrdlity.  Their  relations  with  the  Allie  were,  however,  excellent,  and  order  reigned  every  where.  THE  OVERLAND  MAIL,  Despatches  by  the  Overland  Mail,  the  arrival  of  which  we  announced  on..aturday  in  our  evening  At  the  Santal  insurrection  has  edition,  state  been  entirely  suppr(  I,  and  all  the  insur  The  Delhi  and  Solna  pipers  mention  positively  that  Herat  has  fallen  into  the  hands  of  the  Pei  sinus.  THE  ROYAL  ALBERT.—The  follow•mr  communrcation  respecting  H.M.S.  the  Royal  Albert,  for  the  safety  of  which  soole  apprehensions  h  h  , STYLE=superscript  .cn  entertained,  ha,,  been  received  at  the  admiralty_'-  Her  Maj-sty's  ship  Royal  Albert  arrived  at  Malta  on  the  7th  January.  A;I  The  new  public  hall  at  Allnchester  proeressos.  The  design  is  Venetian.  It  has  two  arcades,  and  is  sur surmounted  mounted surmounted  by  a  frit-ze,  decorated  with  festoons  and  pannels,  and  by  a  cornice  surmcunted  with  a  PARDnll.—The  sentence  of  four  years'  penal  ser.  ward  at  the  last  assizes  of  this  county  upon  Evre  T.  nnant,  chemist  and  druggist,  of  Man Manehester,  ehester, Manehester,  tor  a  crimi  na  l  as  .  au  l  t  upon  S  trait  Warrington  ers  is  c  &#34;'  has  been  rernLtPd.  The  notifi  cat  i  on  o  f  a  free  pardon  was  the  comnany  on-  rece'ved  by  M  r  .  Wh  eeler  (the  accused  '  s  counsel),  from  t  n's  friends.  s  thP  Home  office,  on  T  ues  d  ay  last.  Askharn  THE  COMIC  OF  PA.3  , STYLE=superscript  AGE—  ROONEY  V.  HUTCHINSON.—  At  the  rising  of  the  court  on  Fridly,  Mr.  Hutt  , STYLE=superscript  n,  instructed  by  Mr.  Boggle,  moved  on  behalf  of  defendant  for  a  new  trial,  on  the  ground  that  the  jury  were  not  directed  to  find  for  the  defendant  on  certain  issues  if  the  pLintiff  had  refused  to  proceed  with  his  contract  ;  and  the  court  granted  a  rule.  LIVERPOOL  BANKRUPTCY  COURT.—SATURDAY.—Be  Fore  Mr.  Commissioner  Perry.—ln  re  I.  Crippin.—His  Honour  appointed  this  day  for  judgment  on  the  certificate,  but  it  appearing  that,  owing  to  a  misapprehension  on  the  part  of  the  bankrupt,  he  did  not  account  in  his  balance-sheet  for  a  sum  of  £3OO,  inasmuch  as  he  considered  it  was  the  property  of  the  wife,  his  Honour,  with  the  assent  of  Mr.  Evans,  who  appeared  for  the  assignees,  adjourned  the  certificate  sine  die.  It  will  be  necessary  that  the  bankrupt  should  file  an  amended  balance-sheet,  and  repass  his  last  examication.  Mr.  Dodge,  who  appeared  on  his  behalf,  applied  for  protec protection;  tion; protection;  but  his  Honour  declined  compliance  with  the  request,  observing,  that  at  present  it  would  embarrass  the  court  in  the  matter  to  grant  it.  CRUELTY  TO  AN  APPRENTICE.--A  shoemaker  named  Orden,  was  summoned  before  the  county  magistrates,  on  Saturday,  to  show  cause  why  the  indentures  of  his  appren apprentice,  tice, apprentice,  Alfred  Leoney,  should  not  be  cancelled,  on  account  of  the  master's  cruel  treatment.  Mr.  Cleaver  appeared  on  behalf  of  the  West  Derby  Board  of  Guardians,  who  had  apprenticed  the  lad.  The  boy,  who  was  very  young  and  childish,  complained  that  he  was  several  times  beaten  severely  by  his  master,  once  or  twice  kept  without  food,  always  kept  dirty,  and  net  allowed  to  go  to  church.  Mr.  Gough,  master  of  the  West  Derby  workhouse,  and  Rev.  Mr.  Moore,  chaplain,  stated  that  they  visited  the  boy,  and  that  his  appearance,  at  the  time,  confirmed  his  statements.  The  shoemaker  did  not  deny  the  charge,  bat  al  le  ze  d  th  at  t  h  e  boy  was  idle  and  inattentive.  The  magistrutes  compli.  mented  the  West  Derby  officials  on  their  kindness  and  attention,  and  declared  that  th  e  case  was  one  of  snch  hard•  ship,  as  to  warrant  the  cancelling  of  the  indentures.  FIRE.—In  our  advertising  co'ums  of  this  day,  will  be  found  a  notice,  published  by  the  direction  of  the  Watch  Commi`tee  of  the  Borough,  informing  the  public  of  the  different  places  at  which  fire  stations  have  been  established.  The  increasing  wants  of  the  town  have  for  some  time  demanded.  that,  ins'ead  of  collecting  all  the  apparatus  of  breaks  l STYLE=superscript  to  t  r  h  fi  e  bi  ti  fi  si  t  r  ee  e  dxo  p  ti  otn  l  ,vg  i  tieri  is  shat  extinguishment  of  the  np  f  tt  e  ha  few  eths  should  u  e  toml  n  fd  t  o  r  bst  a  a  meanslrhr  fire  .  l  e  y  th  l STYLE=superscript  a  V STYLE=superscript  p  a  p  t  he STYLE=superscript  l  t  i  n STYLE=superscript  t  b  d  e  .  ac  ivity  and  zeal  of  our  fire  brigade  are  well  known,  and  we  are  happy  to  fi-d  that  their  usefulness  will  he  further  be STYLE=superscript  pro promoteddistributed  moteddis- promoteddistributed  tributed  by  the  liberal  supply  of  stations.  machines,  &amp;c.,  to  which  we  have  referred.  We  would  r  commend  our  readers,  for  once,  to  deface  our  keirnal  by  tuning  out  the  advertisement,  and  causing  it  to  he  affixed  to  some  part  of  their  dwelling,  that  all  the  inmates  may  know  where  to  apply  for  assistance,  should  such  a  calamity  as  fire  happen  to  occur.  ecnnbso  spots,go  immediattttenh  they  should  AMERICAN  METALLIC  (OATS  —A  very  extraordinary  trial.  of  the  strength  of  the  celebrated  metallic  took  Place,  on  Thursday,  in  Vie  fiuskisson-dook.  The  Collins'  steam-ship  Baltic,  as  well  as  all  other  American  steamers,  is  forr.ished  entirely  with  these  boats.  On  _the  (leek  of  the  shin,  is  one  of  the  largest.  boats  stowed  upside  down.  She  is  th  e  di  mens  i  ons  of  ihe  longest  size  man-of man-ofwar  war man-ofwar  cutter.  A  strong  matt  with  an  axe,  having  a  long  handle,  struck  same  twenty  blows  on  her  bottom,  in  one  spot,  with  ail  his  strength,  without  being  able  to  mak  e  an  indentation.  Any  one  bb  , STYLE=superscript  w  would  have  gone  throu  g  h  a  wooden  boat,  f'ne  owfi7grbeanattsvi‘oylaesutchee,n,onpttrhteoneosnheor:',Sahn(d  rolled  and  tossed  on  the  cobble  pa'ement,  with  all  the  strength  of  six  men;  then  lifted  up,  many  times,  on  end,  suffered  to  fall,"
