text
"In  - STYLE=superscript  this  way  much  on  in  Ireland,  but  it  Ind  unknown  to  the  other  in  enquiry,  but  each  in  secret,  As  an  instance  of  the  power  held  by  the  priests,  the  speaker  incidentally  narrated  a  circumstance  which  had  occurred  in  Ireland  in  what  was  called  the  Smith  O'Brien  1848  A  gentlemen  who  had  heard  nour  ti  tauts  in  Ireland  were  to  be  murdered,  asked  a  Roman  Catho Catholic  lic Catholic  labourer  of  his,  if  it  was  true,  and  if  he  would  join  in  m.ur m.urdering  dering m.urdering  him  and  hi  s  i  nnocen  t  f  am  ily,—  an  d  the  man  replied,  with  tears  in  his  eyes,  sure  if  the  priests  told  me  I  _should  do  This  showed  what  the  4-stein  was,  and  he  (the  speaker)  would  rather  even  be  the  unhappy  victim,  than  the  tyrant.  (Applause,)  Ho  alluded  to  recent  conversions,  or  as  he  would  rather  call  them,  pervers'ous,  in  England  to  the  Church  of  Rome  ;  but  he  told  the  meeting  that  far  from  Rome  to  their  Church.  (Applause.)  Returning  to  the  narrative  of  his  mission  to  Ireland,  he  declared  that  the  riots  there  were  the  creation  of  the  priesthood,  who  every-  A  them  from  the  altar,  and  who,  when  .  _  appealed  to  for  their  own  sake,  and  the  sake  of  their  religion,  k  disclaim  them,  only  answered  by  heaping  insult  upon  :hose  who  made  the  appeal.  The  notorious  Dr.  Cahill  had  openly  boasted  of  the  triumph  obtained  at  Limerick  by  mob  of  thousands  over  a  few  unoffending  ministers,  of  whom  he  (the  speaker,)  was  one,  (Loud  applause.)  The  reverend  speaker  detailed  their  journey  through  Tipperary,  Cashel,  and  other  towns,  where  their  reception  was  of  a  similar  na nature.  ture. nature.  It  was  not  the  mission  of  a  hundred  ministers  from  xhcre  C  England  and  Scotland  which  created  these  riots.  war  against  the  Gospel  had  been  going  on  befot  The  samc  Ministers  of  their  church  had  been  frc  assaulted,  Rome  ha  4  ever  waged  the  :nd  violently  Mme  war  ther  she  waged  in  every  part  of  the  world  against  the  spread  of  the  true  Gospel.  _  (Loud  applause.)  He  mentioned  one  place  where,  just  before  they  entered,  the  Bible  had  been  used  openlylike  a  football  in  the  street,  and  read  a  portion  of  a  letter  from  a  Protestant  curate  in  Ireland,  in  which  it  was  stated  that  a  priest  horse-whipped  a  boy  who  had  be become  come become  a  convert,  but  the  boy  persevered,  and  subsequently  refused  accepting  a  bribe  which  the  priest  offered  him,  of  a  shilling  for  every  time  ho  went  to  Mass.  Here  he  might  allude  to  what  was  so  frequently  termed  bribery  in  Ireland.  The  priests  hunted  a  poor  convert  out  of  house  and  home,  and  if  any  one  came  to  his  relief  to  save  him  from  starvation  it  was  termed  bribery,  From  Cashel  the  rev,  speaker  de detailed  tailed detailed  their  progress  through  several  small  towns,  until  they  reached  the  city  of  Waterford,  where,  owing  to  tti  Lion  of  Protestant  In  istrates  they  were  enabled  to  hold  some  very  successful  meetings  in  the  Town-hall.  They  next  went  to  Kilkenny,  where  they  were  told  by  Protestants  and  Catholics  that  their  lives  would  be  endangered  if  they  attempted  to  hold  an  open  air  meeting.  The  speaker  read  some  extracts  from  a  work  he  had  got  in  Kilkenny,  containing  a  translation  of  an  Italian  treatise  ou  the  Virgin  Mary,  authorized  by  Ni Nicholas,  cholas, Nicholas,  Cardinal  Wiseman,  (hisses).  The  doctrines  which  it  contained  he  declared  to  be  in  the  highest  degree  blas blasloud  loud blasloud  applause).  That  was  the  doctrine  taught  in  and  he  narrated  several  instances  of  violence  done  there  to  converts  of  the  Protestant  religion,  to  show  what  was  the  practice  which  was  taught  there.  In  Kilkenny,  the  Mayor  refused  to  allow  them  the  Town  Hall,  in  a  place  in  the  county  Cork,  ,two  of  their  ministers  preached  without  inter interruption,  ruption, interruption,  and  when  the  priest  'heard  it,  he  asked  from  the  altar  of  his  could  yoU  not  have  sung  the  song  while  they  were  preaching  ?  he  recited  part  of  a  song  ribald  and  infamous,  that  the  lady  of  a  respectable  Itomon  Catholic  gentleman  had  to  leave  the  chapel,  and  never  returned  there  since  (applause).  Having  returned  to  Dublin,  they  wore  •  sent  out  again  to  the  county  Cavan,  where  they  were  very  successful,  and  made  several  converts.  They  also  preached  in  the  county  Donegal  and  Derry,  with  great  success.  The  speaker  concluded  by  declaring  that  their  mission  had  been  productive  of  much  good  by  showing  them  Rome's  invincible  hostility  to  the  word  of  God,  and  by  enabling  them  to  speak  in  Ireland  the  great  reliance  of  their  religion,  the  Scriptures.  The  Rev.  Gentleman  re-  Rilkenny,  sumed  his  seat  amid  enthusiastic  applause.  The  Chairman  on  behalf  of  the  meeting  expressed  their  thanks  to  the  two  Rev.  Gentlemen,  for  their  eloquent  and  instructive  addresses,  and  wished  them  every  success  in  work,  and  every  prosperity  in  the  cause  they  had  under undertaken  taken undertaken  (applause).  Thanks  were  then  voted  to  the  chairman,  and  the  pro proceedings  ceedings proceedings  terminated  with  the  singing  of  the  doxology.  SHARE  MARKETS.-YE  ST  E  DAY  LIVERPOOL—We  have  had  a  quiet  market  to-day,  but  yesterday's  rates  have  been  maintained.  The  sales  are  :  Birkenhead,  Lancashire  and  Cheshire,  17  Caledonian  Eastern  Counties,  111,  13-16  ;  East  Lancashire,  151  ;  Lanca Lancashire  shire Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Stock,  62,_.1  g_  4,  62,  ;  - STYLE=superscript  -Z;  London  and  North  Western,  11323,  3  ;  - STYLE=superscript  Mi  - STYLE=superscript  draU'd,sll-,  Gi;  South  Eastern  Stork,  171  North  British,  MANCHESTER.—We  had  a  dull  market  to  day,  with  very  little  business  doing,  There  was  no  improvement  during  the  morning,  but  we  close  at  about  the  opening  :—Eastern  Coun.  ties,  HI;  East  Lancashire,  151  ;  Lancashire  and  'Yorkshire,  63  21  3  ;  London  and  North  Western,  1031  32  4  ;  Do.  new  7-I6d.  ;  Do.  Qrs  (C),  ;  Man.  Shelf.  and  Lincoln Lincolnshire,  shire, Lincolnshire,  19i  ;  'Midland,  594  a  60  ;  South  Eastern,  x.d.  171  11-16  4  11-16 STYLE=superscript  a  11-16  s  LOISDON-  - STYLE=superscript  The  market  for  Money  Shares  has  been  very  firm  this  morning,  and  in  some  instances  a  considerable  advance  Caledonian,  50  x  d  ;  Chester  and  Holyhead,  16;  Eastern  Counties,  1  I  12  ;  East  Lancashire,  60;  Great  Northern,  744  ;  Ditto  A,  48;  Great  Southern  and  Western  (Ireland),  103  2  •  Great  Western,  81,  801,  la  :  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  62:  3}  ;  London  and  Brighton,  94,  5  4  ;  London  and  North  West..  ern,  103  i  ;  London  and  South  Western,  76  7  ;  Midland,  59i  601;  North  British,  26i.  -  ,  GLASGOW.—The  report  of  French  troops  being  ordered  to  Constantinople,  had  an  injurious  effect  upon  Railway  Shares  yesterday  afternoon,  and  several  stocks  gave  way  a  trifle,  whilst  others,  including  Glasgow  and  South  Western  and  Scottish  Central,  advanced  per  cent.  To-day,  Caledonians  arc  quoted  at  50,  and  Glasgow  and  South  Western,  61.  LONDON  CORN  EXCIIANGE,.  YESTERDAY.  The  arrivals  of  grain  of  all  sor  s  this  week  have  been  mode-  This  morning's  market  wal  small  business  in  wheat  transacte  s  thinly  attended,  and  only  a  :d  on  the  terms  of  Monday.  zlit  probably  be  obtained  on  Floating  cargoes  on  the  coast  m  somewhat  easier  terms.  Spring  with  the  exception  of  oats  whic  qr.  The  flour  trade  is  firm  at  Mc  Loudon  Average  Prices  Wheat,  3,926  qrs.,  66s  4d  Barley,  605  qrs.,  40s  8d  Oats,  1,646  qrs.,  23s  7d  I  WAKEFIELD  CORN  AI,  supply  of  wheat  was  unusually  part  being  new,  and  generally  ir  POLICE  COURT.  YESTERDAY,  AN  ICONOCLAST.  —An  old  man  named  Patrick  lif'Ketv,  was  charged  with  defacing,  and  otherwise  injuring,  in  the  Albert  Dock,  the  wooden  image  of  a  Burmese  God.  It  ap appeared  peared appeared  that  the  prisoner  observed  in  the  early  part  of  the  morning  steadfastly  gazing  on  his  God-ship,  and  whether  it  was  that  his  religious  feelings,  or  sense  of  beauty  was  outra outraged  ged outraged  by  what  he  saw,  we  know  not,  but  he  returned  about  mid-day  somewhat  the  worse  for  liquor,  and  speedily  took  the  out  of  the  object  of  his  abhorrence.  When  call called  ed called  on  for  his  defence,  the  prisoner  said,  in  a  desprecating  tone,  irresistably  droll  from  its  seriousness,  it  was  a  very  hawful  thing,  your  worship,  and  I  only  broke  his  nose  with  my  hat,  and  took  the  yellow  point  off,  (laughter).  He  was  ordered  to  make  good  the  damage,  and  fined  ss.  for  being  drunk.  CHARGE  AGAINST  A.  POLICE  OFFICER.—Xn  unfortunate  woman  of  the  town  was  charged  by  police  officer,  No.  552,  with  being  drunk  and  disorderly  the  night  before  in  Dale Dalestreet.  street. Dalestreet.  Mr.  Vance  ,  a  share-broker,  here  came  forward,  and  informed  the  court  that  he  had  to  make  a  charge  against  the  officer  in  the  case.  He  said,  that  he  was  coming  up  Dale-street  about  twelve  o'clock  on  Thursday  night,  and  that  he  observed  the  prisoner  and  the  officer  on  the  other  side.  The  officer  was  ill-treating  and  abusing  her  in  very  shameful  language,  though  she  was  assuring  him  that  she  was  going  as  fast  as  she  could.  He  went  over  and  told  the  officer  that  he  was  using  her  very  ill  ,  upon  which,  the  latter  asked  him  what  business  he  had  in  the  matter,  and  desired  him  not  to  interfere.  On  being  asked  for  his  number,  the  officer  refused  to  give  it,  and  falling  in  with  another  constable,  they  took  the  prisoner  to  the  Bridewell.  He  followed  them  to  the  Bridewell,  and  asked  the  keeper  what  the  girl  had  done.  The  keeper  'only  answered  that  he  (Mr.  Vance)  was  very  drunk,  but  eventually  gave  the  number  as  152.  He  then  went  to  the  police  office  and  reported  the  circumstance  there.  (Though  there  was  a  mistake  in  the  number,  it  did  not  much  signify,  as  No.  552  admitted  at  once  that  he  was  the  officer.)  In  answer  to  the  Magistrate,  the  keeper  said,  I  received  this  person  about  half-past  twelve  o'clock.  She  was  brought  in  for  being  drunk  and  disorderly,  and  very  drunk  and  disorderly  she  was  when  admitted.  That  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  (Mr.  Vance,)  came  up  to  the  door  at  the  time,  and  he  was  so  drunk  that  he  could  scarcely  stand.  The  officer  told  him  that  the  girl  was  going  to  be  locked  up  ;  I  told  him  distinctly  that  she  was  going  to  be  locked  up  for  being  drunk  and  disorderly,  and  I  said  if  you  have  any  complaint  against  the  officer,  you  can  come  before  the  Magistrate  Magistrate  ob observed  served observed  that  the  policeman  acted  exceedingly  wrong  in  not  having  given  his  number  in  the  street.—officer  :  I  did  give  him  my  number  there,  and  I  have  witnesses  to  prove  it.  I  watched  the  prisoner  for  some  time  to  see  if  she  would  go  home,  but  when  she  got  to  the  corner  of  Crosshall-street  she  began  to  scream.  I  then  took  her  up.—The  Magistrate  said  that  it  was  the  duty  of  the  officer  to  take  the  woman  up,  but  that  it  was  a  very  foolish  thing  to  use  insulting  lan language  guage language  when  people  were  intoxicated—then  the  least  said  to  them  the  better.—The  officer  denied  having  used  such  lan language,  guage, language,  and  stated  that  he  had  been  called  on  by  two  or  three  gentlement  who  entered  the  Grecian  Hotel,  to  take  the  pri prisoner,  soner, prisoner,  in  consequence  of  her  disorderly  conduct.—Mr.  Vance,  on  the  other  hand,  was  equally  persistent  in  his  statement,  and,  accordingly,  the  charge  is  to  be  investigated  by  the  Head  Constable.  WIFE  DESERTION.-Mr.  Evans,  overseer  of  the  parish  of  Liverpool,  appeared  to  prosecute  Captain  Slaughter  for  the  desertion  of  his  - STYLE=superscript  wife,  and  refusing  to  allow  a  maintenance  for  her  support.  Mr.  Owen  appeared  for  the  defendant.  From  the  evidence  it  appeared  that  the  parties  had  been  married  for  ten  years,  but  that  they  had  lived  separate  since  1848.  The  separation  was  occasioned  by  the  inveterate  habits  of  drunken drunkenness  ness drunkenness  of  Mrs.  Slaughter,  and  it  also  appeared  that  in  other  respects  her  conduct  was  far  from  being  reputable  during  the  period  of  their  separation.—Thomas  Hale,  formerly  a  member  of  the  police  force,  deposed  to  her  habits  of  intoxi intoxication,  cation, intoxication,  and  also  to  having  seen  her  on  the  29th  of  November,  1849,  in  company  with  a  Mr.  Corkin,  in  a  long  entry,  be between  tween between  Highfield-street  and  Ray-street.  It  was  about  11  o'clock  at  night,  and  the  witness  swore  to  having  seen  at  the  time  circumstances  which  could  not  leave  a  doubt  of  criminal  connexion  having  taken  place  between  the  parties.—Joseph  Thompson,  the  brother  of  Mrs.  Slaughter,  was  examined,  to  prove  that  the  occurrence  sworn  to  by  Hale  could  not  have  taken  place,  inasmuch  as  his  sister  was  in  his  house  that  night,  and  did  not  leave  it  after  seven  o'clock.  His  recollec recollection  tion recollection  as  to  the  date,  however,  was  by  no  means  clear,  as  he  could  only  fix  the  time  of  his  sister's  living  with  him  at  the  29th  of  November,  1849,  simply  because  the  charge  of  adul adultery  tery adultery  against  her  was  laid  on  the  night  of  that  day.—Mr.  Owen  contended  that  though  drunkenness  could  not  relieve  a  man  of  the  support  of  his  wife,  yet  that  adultery  did,  and  that  therefore  his  client  was  not  liable.  The  magistrate  concurred  in  this  view,  and  dismissed  the  case.  ASSAULT  AND  STREET  ROBBERY.  —.Henry  Plunkett,  a  sneaking  ill-looking  young  vagabond,  was  charged  by  Mary  Eird,  who  is  a  master  carter's  wife,  with  knocking  her  down  at  12  o'clock  on  Monday  night,  in  Westmorland-street,  and  robbing  her  of  2s.  6d.  Complainant  said  she  was  going  out  for  a  pound  of  bacon  for  her  husband's  supper  at  the  time.  She  knew  nothing  whatever  of  the  defendant  except  that  he  had  the  reputation  in  the  neighbourhood  of  being  a  person  whose  only  occupation  was  to  stand  in  dark  corners  and  knock  people  down  to  rob  them.  She  swore  he  was  the  terror  of  the  neighbourhood.  Defendant  had  been  twice  before  committed.  He  was  now  fined  10s.,  or  14  days'  im imprisonment,  prisonment, imprisonment,  a  punishment-  which  we  believe  would  not  have  been  so  lenient  only  a  witness  threw  some  doubt  on  com complainant's  plainant's complainant's  evidence.  Had  it  not  been  shaken  on  the  point  of  her  being  robbed  as  well  as  assaulted,  the  case  would  doubtless  have  been  sent  to  the  assizes,  and  this  notorious  and  dastardly  footpad  been  sent  out  of  the  country.  ILLEGALLY  PAWNING.—Easter  Greer  was  charged  with  pawning  a  coat,  the  property  of  Thomas  Williams,  Higfield Higfieldstreet.  street. Higfieldstreet.  The  unfortunate  girl  acknowledged  to  stealing  the  coat,  and  pleaded  poverty.  She  was  sentenced  to  pay  65.,  the  value  of  article,  and  20s.  fine,  or  be  imprisoned  14  days.  A  FLAT.—A  simple-looking  seaman  charged  _Hannah  Zynn  with  stealing  three  sovereigns  from  him,  in  a  vault  near  the  Custom  House.  He  had  been  living  with  her  for  the  last  three  days  ;  had  been  paid  off  on  Thursday,  and  gave  her  half  a  sovereign;  not  satisfied  she  required  more,  when  he  gave  her  a  crown  ;  she  then  said  he  ought  to  give  her  more.money,  and  the  simple  fellow  told  her  to  put  her  hand  into  his  pocket,  and  take  what  she  liked  ;  she  of  course  took  all  he  had,  which  he  neither  seemed  to  expect  nor  like,  for  he  then  gave  her  in  charge.  The  magistrate  said,  it  was  a  simple  case  of  money  lent,  for  which  he  could  sue  if  he  thought  proper  :—discharged.  A  HAPPY  FAMILY.—  William  AP  William,  residing  at  42,  Regent-street,  was  summoned  by  his  wife  for  repeated  as assaults  saults assaults  and  continued  ill-usage  of  every'  kind  towards  her.  He  had  last  assaulted  her  on  Thursday  night,  turned  her  out,  and  locked  the  door  on  her.  The  servant  girl  deposed  to  frequent  ill-usage  on  the  part  of  the  defendant,  to  his  wife;  and  a  little  girl,  their  daughter,  with  tears,  deposed  to  the  same  barbarity.  She  said  she  saw  her  father  beat  her  mother  on  several  occasions  with  a  kettle,  &amp;e.,  &amp;c.  The  bench  said  there  was  no  doubt  he  had  used  unjustifiable  violence  to  his  wife,  and  had  behaved  in  a  manner  very  inhuman  indeed.  He  should  be  committed  to  prison  for  one  month.  _  _  JUVENILE,THIEVES.--The  nuisance  of  young  offenders  seems  to  be  growing  to  an  intolerable  height;  yesterday,  three  of  those  depredators,  named  Bridget  Maguire,  Bridget  Manning,  and  Edward  Maguire,  were  brought  before  the  magistrate,  charged  by  a  most  respectable  man  named  John  Nichols,  with  stealing  from  his  yard  in  Slater  Street,  a  quantity  of  timber.  Mr.  Nichols  said  that  he  had  forgiven  those  thieves  on  a  hundred  different  occasions,  if  once.  He  estimated  the  amount  they  had  plundered  from  him  at  different  times,  at  from  eight  to  ten  pounds.  This  town  was  most  notorious  for  such  thieves.  The  magistrate  said  that  for  the  present  they  should  seperate  the  two  boys  from  the  girl.  The  boys  should  beimprisoned  for  one  month  each,  and  the  girl  discharged.  A  regular  gang  of  dock  picaroons  were  then  put  forward,  named  Tames  Sluttery,  lohniGallaghear,  John  Doherty,  Mi Michael  chael Michael  Kinahan,  and  James  McNulty.  They  were  charged  by  officer  82,  who  had  found  them  in  the  graving  docks  with  a  quantity  of  copper  on  their  persons.  The  officer  stated  that  he  saw  them  on  coming  throw  about  101bs.  into  the  basin.  In  answer  to  a  question  from  the  magistrate,  the  officer  said  that  there  were  three  vessels  being  coppered  in  the  dock,  but  to  which  of  them  this  copper  belonged,  he  had  not  been  able  as  T  ot  in  stsrPrtain.  All  the  prisoners  wore  known  to  the  police,  and  were  committed  for  one  month  each.  ASSAULT  ON  THE  CAPTAIN  OF  A  TURKISH  VESSEL.—This  case  was  again  called  upon  which  Captain  Azzopardis'  repre representative  sentative representative  brought  forward  a  certificate  of  the  Turkish  Con Consul  sul Consul  as  to  the  fact  of  this  vessel  being  under  the  Wallachian  flag,  which  settled  the  matter  of  jurisdiction.  He  also  put  in  a  certificate  from  a  surgeon,  as  to  the  part  that  Salvator,  the  second  officer  of  the  ship,  was  not  able  to  leave  his  berth  in  consequence  of  the  injuries  he  had  received  in  the  squabble.  Many  witnesses  were  examined  on  both  sides,  and  no  doubt  appeared  to  be  on  the  minds  of  the  magistrates  that  a  violent  and  dangerous  squabble  had  taken  place,  with  great  fault  on  both  sides.  They  said  they  could  not  think,  under  the  circumstances,  of  sending  those  men  to  prison,  and  they  would  strongly  recommend  the  captain  to  try  and  make  some  settlement  with  them.  He  said  he  was  anxious  to  do  so,  and  the  matter  was  finally  left  to  the  arbitration  of  the  Rus Russian  sian Russian  and  Spanish  Consuls.  BEER-SELLERS'  CASES.—The  following  beer-sellers'  cases  came  before  the  court  :  —Sarah  Lynch,  keeper  of  a  beer-house,  Church-street,  was  fined  40s.  and  costs,  for  Sunday  trading.  Maurice  Morrison,  Kent  Square,  was  fined  40s.  and  costs.  William  Boyd,  Susses-street,  was  fined  ss.  and  costs,  for  selling  milk  last  Sunday  morning.  Sarah  Leonard,  keeper  of  a  beer-house  and  shop,  in  Bront-street,  was  fined  ss.  and  costs,  for  selling  e  bottle  of  hair  oil  last  Sunday  morning.  Richard  Little,  keeper  of  a  beer-house  in  Bront-street,  was  fined  40s.  and  costs,  for  Sunday-trading.  Michael  Holmes,  French-street,  was  fined  10s.  and  costs.  Alice  Crooke,  Gloucester-street,  was  fined  10s.  and  costs.  Elizabeth  Tilson,  Shannon-street,  ss.  and  costs.  William  Hemlin,  keeper  of  a  beer-house  and  shop  in  Vernon-street,  was  fined  2s.  6d.  and  costs,  for  selling  butter  last  Sunday  morning.  Matthew  Lowe,  keeper  of  a  beer-house  in  Gerrard-street,  was  fined  40s.  and  costs,  for  Sunday-trading  Robert  Young,  Atkinson Atkinsonstreet,  street, Atkinsonstreet,  10s.  costs.  Robert  Roberts  .  ,  Grace-street,  10s.  and  costs.  Andrew  Murphy,  G  r  e  a  t  Richmond-street,  10s.  and  costs.  Michael  Burrows,  Christian-street,  10s.  and  costs.  John  Rigby, STYLE=superscript  Thurles-street,  10s.  and  costs.  James  Rourke,  Freemason's  Row,  40s.  and  costs.  Edward  Ager,  keeper  of  an  eating  house  in  Byrom-street,  was  fined  ss.  and  costs,  for  Sunday-trading.  Inspector  Skinner  stated  that  this  was  a  most  notorious  house,  and  that  the  resid  en  t  s  o  f  th  e  l  oca  lity  had  frequently  complained  to  him  of  it."
