text
"ft,  when  I  heir  battle-  irons  put  on  his  feet,  and  .Air  the  gangway  until  8  p.m.,  and  not  one  of  his  allowed  to  see  or  have  any  conversation  with  him.  hen  dressed  until  Sunday.  You  will  of  the  Defiance,  as  Yours,  E.  BRATTY  mndoued  to  the  Peruvian  The  Defiance  nu.  •  the  crew  have  full  sway,  forward  and  aft.  law  been  oit  board  and  taken  his  son  and  stewardess  away.  The  mate  has  gone  to  Callao  for  assistance.  The  captain  is  still  in  irons  on  deck,  fastened  by  the  feet  to  an  eye-bolt,  and  no  one  but  the  doctor  from  Lima  allowed  to  see  or  speak  to  him,  and  then  only  with  an  officer  present.  The  doctor  reports  McCerren  to  be  in  a  very  critical  situation  ;  and  if  he  is  not  released  from  his  irons,  he  will  die  in  them  ;  and  yet  I  hare  tried  everything  in  my  power  to  get  him  relief,  but  to  no  purpose,  as  his  own  son  is  not  allowed  to  speak  to  him.  What  a  state  of  affairs.  As  already  mentioned,  the  Defiance  has  been  abandoned  to  the  Peruvian  Government,  and  a'  the  latest  account  was  at  Callao._  class  vessel,  built  in  1852,  and  belongs  to  Messy.  LA  enn.  of  New  York.  She  cost  irovernment  She  is  a  first  ie  transaction  90,000  dollars,  and  at  the  time  of  it  is  represented,  had  two  thousand  tone  of  guano  nn  hoard,  the  freight  on  which  would  amount  to  Beatty  mentions  that  ,rnved  at  the  islands,  in  .de  conduct  is  complained  of.  _died  by  a  letter  from  Capt.  Dilling Dilling°argue  °argue Dilling°argue  Lenox,  who  adds  that  the  old  dant  had  been  ordered  to  repair  to  Lima.  ie  would  be  court-martialed.  -  The  new  however,  finding  the  -troubles  so  much  in inased,  ased, inased,  refused  to  take  command  until  the  Defi Defince  nce Defince  and  her  master  had  been  sent  to  Callao.  new  COI  place  of  tlic  omcer,  .—The  following  paragraph  from  the  -met  Chronicle,  must  I  think,  be  taken,  with  a  very  con coniderable  iderable coniderable  grain  of  salt  indeed  It  has  been  currently  re reported,  ported, reported,  that  the  Roman  Catholic  prelates  decided  at  the  late  Thurles  conclave,  to  admit  ofno  more  mixed  marriages.  They  will  not  perform  the  marriage  ceremony  between  any  mem member  ber member  of  their  faith,  and  that  of  the  Protestant  Church  ;  we  give  this  as  it  has  reached  us,  from  one  who  was  trying  the  aperiment,  MIXED  MARRIAC  P1_TB00304 afio"
