text
"AGENT  FOR  THIS  DISTRICT.  BIRKENHEAD  •  Mr.  Robert  Hughes,  Brandon  St  Manchester  {  Messrs.  Ewart  and  M'Conne  ,  22,  Pall  Mall.  Mr.  C.  G.  H.  Schlottner,  16,  Blackfriars-st.  Accrington  Mr.  W.  Dewhurst.  Altrincham  Downs.  Blackburn  Forrest,  manufacturer.  Bolton  Mr.  William  Morris.  Bury  Mr.  Thomas  Holnies.  Burnley  .....  Mr.  John  Sutherland.  Chorley  Chadderton  and  Shaw  ..Mr.  W.  Ashton,  Chadderton  and  Blue  Boar  Court,  Manchester.  Clitheroe  Mr.  William  Bayley,  jun.  Dukinfield&amp;Ashton-under-  Lyne  change,  Manchester.  Eccles  and  Patricroft  Mr.  W.  Bradburn,  jun.,  Ivy  Cot Cottage,  tage, Cottage,  Patricroft,  Haslingden,  Rawtenstall,  &amp;c.Mr.  George  Maden,  Rawtenstall.  Hollingworth  .  ......  Mr.  John  Hollinworth.  Hyde  Lancaster  Leigh  Mr.  Thomas  Halliwell.  Ly&amp;ate  ...  Middleton  and  Tonge..  ..  Mr.  Henry  Wheeler,  solicitor.  Newton-in-Mackerfield,&amp;c.Mr.  G.  Harris,  Lowton.  New  Mills  ....Mr.  Wm.  Dixon,  schoolmaster.  Ormskirk  Mr.  M.  J.  Mason,  solicitor.  Oldham  Prescot  Mr.  W.  Wrigley,  Albert-street.  .  Mr.  John  Culshaw,  post  office.  Preston  _  Prestwich  ...  Mr.  S.  Cottam,  28,Brazennose-st  Manchester.  Radcliffe  .  Mr.  Jesse  Howarth,  registrar.  Ramsbottom  Mr.  Lawrence  Steal  Rochdale  Messrs  Whitehead  and  Sons.  Stalybridge  .  .  .....  Mr.  Edwin  Shaw,  72,  Grosvenor-  EDWARD  KELLY  St  CO.,  Wholesale  13  11 STYLE=superscript  tr  ti/ STYLE=superscript  ,  0  Warehouse,  a  place  for.  supplying-  ShopiceeP  ew- STYLE=superscript  giti  every  Description  of  Lump  Butter,  C:}arse,  Miad  ll- STYLE=superscript  108  Fine.  Nos.  1  &amp;3,  Upper  Daivson.strect,  bacli.  of  -t.  Ma'rket,  - STYLE=superscript  LiVerpool.—Present  Prices-91,  91d.,  9 STYLE=superscript  tid''  lod.,  101  d.,  104  d.,  11d.  Permission  to  choose  a  stock  of  5  tons.  CARLISLE  AND  SILLOTH  BAY  RAIL  AND  DOCK  COMPANY.  PROVISIONALLY  REGISTERED.  CAPITAL,  £135,000,  in  5,400  SHARES  of  £25  0  Deposit,  £2  10s.  per  Share.  PROVISIONAL  COMMITTEE.  PETER  JAMES  DIXON,  Esq.,  Mayor  of  Carlisle,  Chai  r° STYLE=superscript  Joseph  Ferguson,  Esq.,  XI.  e.,  Carlisle.  John  Dixon,  Esq  ,  Knells,  Carlisle.  William  Halton,  Esq  ,  Carlisle.  John  Hawson,  Esq  ,  Carlisle.  Thomas  Nelson,  Esq.  Murrell  Hill  House,  Carlisle,  Bu.'&#34;  - STYLE=superscript  G.  A.  Thompson,  Esq.,  Kirkhouse,  Brampton.  Joseph  Rome,  Esq.,  Carlisle.  Robert  Ferguson,  Esq  ,  Shadwell  Lodge,  Carlisle.  George  Relph,  Esq.,  Castle  View,  Carlisle.  Robert  Elliot  Esq.,  M.D.,  Carlisle.  Mr.  John  Irvine,  Carlisle,Merchant.  Mr.  George  Robinson,  Carlisle.  Corn  Merchant.  Mr.  Wm.  Robinson  Martindale,  Carlisle,  Druggist.  Mr.  Richard  Jackson,  Moss-Side,  Wigton,  Yeoman.  Mr.  Hugh  McAlpin,  Curnmersdale.  Calico  Printer.  Mr.  John  Steel,  Southerfield,  Wigton,  Yeoman.  Mr.  Joseph  Forster,  Carlisle,  Manufacturer.,  Mr.  Robert  Pattinson,  Whittrigg,  Bowness,  Yeoman.  r  ,  Mr.  Jonathan  Dodgson  Carr,  Ca  r  li  s  l  e  ,  Bi  scu  it  M  anu  f  a  cturer'  Mr.  John  Clarke  Ferguson,  Stanwix,  C  ar  li  s  l  e  ,  M  anu  f  a  ctUre  ., STYLE=superscript  Mr.  William  Parker,  Carlisle,  Manufacturer.  •  Mr.  Isaac  Drape,  Green-row  Acadetny,  ti~i  ton,  Mr.  Thaisas  Chambers,  Pelutho,  Wigton,  Yeoman.  Mr.  Joseph  Hope  Carlisle,  Wine  Merchant.  Mr.  John  W.se,  Whinclose,  Wigton,  Yeoman.  Mr.  John  Busbby,  Carlisle,  Merchant.  Mr.  Robert  Creighton,  Carlisle,  Timber  Merchant.  Mr.  Richard  Pattinson,  Carlisle,  Merchant.  Mr.  William  Carrick,•Carlisle,  Hat  Manufacturer.  Mr.  Edward  McGibbon,  Carlisle,  Manufacturer.  N  r.  Isaac  James.  Carlisle,  Iron  Merchant.  Mr.  Elwood  Brockbank,  Carlisle,  Timber  Merchant.  Mr.  Thomas  Blacklock,  Carlisle,  Merchant.  Mr.  Thomas  Wright,  Car  isle,  Solicitor.  Mr.  John  Sowerby,  Carlisle  ,  l'ruggist,  Mr.  Henry  Tweddle,  Carlisle,  Painter.  Mr.  Robert  %Vhitfield,  Carlisle.  Druggist.  Mr.  James  Sibson,  Carlisle,  Timber  Merchant,  Mr.  William  Toppin,  Carlisle,  Merchant.  Mr.  Richard  Graham,  Carlisle,  Timber  Merchant.  Mr.  Hudson  Scott,  arlisle,  Stationer.  Mr.  Isaac  Brown,  Carlisle,  Merchant.  With  power  to  add  to  'heir.  nurnber.  ENGINEER.  DOCK  ENGINEER.  I STYLE=superscript  B.  H.  Blyth,  Esq  ,  Edinburgh.  J.  B.  Hartley,  Esq.,  tiverr  MARINE  SURVEYOR.  Captain  Chas.  G.  Holsin.on,  F.G.S.  •  BANKERS.  •  The  Carlisle  and  Cumbertaad  Banking  Company,  Carlisle•  Messrs.  Hankey  and  Co.,  London.  a.s  O  SOLICITOR.  Esq  Carlisle.  I  John  N  I  SECRETARY.  le,  Mr.  John  Carruthers,  Carlls  PROSPECTUS.  THIS  Company  is  formed  for  the  purp  ose  o  f  construetieljr:  a  Floating  Dock  and  Harbour  at  Silloth  Bay,  SolwayFrith,  on  the  Coast  of  Cumberland,  and  cone'  4o  the  same,  by  a  Railway  twelve  mil  e  s  a  n  d  th  ree  quarte'ae  length,  with  the  Port  Carlisle  Railway,  and  so  with  Junction  of  the  Caledonian,  Landaster  and  Carlisle,  1  Newcastle  and  Carlisle  Railways,  a  t  C  ar  li  s  l  e  ,  tweliti  . STYLE=superscript  - STYLE=superscript  miles  distant.  te  A  safe  Port  on  the  North-West  coa  s  t  o  f  England,  be  Vessels  may  enter  and  load  and  discharge  a  t  a  ll  times  at  t  tide,  has  long  been  required—the  oth  er  P  or  t  s  on  that  C  0  . STYLE=superscript  8  1;  '  as  Whitehaven,  Workington,  Maryport,-  and  Port  Carl  iv STYLE=superscript  '  being  dry  harbours,  and  only  accessible  at  tide  time.  ti  t,  Silloth  Bay,  in  the  Solway  Frith,  and  distant  ol;  l STYLE=superscript  e  d  twenty-one  miles  from  Carlisle,  is  peculiarly  well  sit°  c  .  for  the  construction  of  Floating  Docks,  and  a  Harbour:o  cessible  to  Vessels  at  all  times  of  the  tide,  night  as  vie  li STYLE=superscript  e  tiro  d  h  a  o  y  r  ,  e,  b  i  e  h  ing  wh  a  ie  s  h  afe  lo  a  rg  n  e  cho  v  r  e  a  s  g  se  t  Nv  i  may  t  h  d  r  e  id  ep  e  wthaetewr  whole  e  e  toot  tthe  he  twenty-four  hours  -the  depth  of  water  at  low  water  of  cc  _  highest  spring  tides  being  from  three-and-a-half  to  and-a,-half  fathoms.  le  t  o  Railway  is  now  PortCarlisle,  and  which  at  Drumburgh,  eight  miles  and  a-half  from  Carlisle,  will  be  within  thirteen  miles  distance  fwd  Silloth  Bay.  It  is  proposed,  with  the  con  currence  to  whie  i  h  n  wi  cou  ll  rs  b  e  e  of  completed  dtion  earl}  fro  Tell  C  t  sy  i  rl  under  the  sanction  of  the  Port  Carlisle  Railway  ComP  a STYLE=superscript  %  c  i;  take  advantage  of  this,  and  to  construct  a  Floating:  f'  t  he  and  Harbour  at  Silloth  Bay,  and  connect  the  same  with  Port  Carlisle  Railway,  by  a  line  of  Railway  twelve:Ai  s  le  three-quarter-miles  in  length,  joining  the  Port  Carl  Railway  at  Drumburgh,  thus  making  the  whole  distance  Silloth  Bay  to  Carlisle  twenty-one  miles.  de  A  large  and  increasing  trade  is  carried  on  by  .T  o  ti  t  the  and  the  other  Ports  on  the  East  Coast  of  England  , STYLE=superscript  .  g  ports  West  coast  of  England  and  Ireland,  which  the  e,Vr,naatc.  A  on  the  West  coasts  are  quite  inadequate  to  al,iting  great  part  of  the  traffic  is  now  conducted  scotlatid,  round  the  South  of  England  or  Nortb  :  ,  ° STYLE=superscript  .,,,  Doody  former  being  a  distance  of  about  1,000  Illu  c- STYLE=superscript  b  rail\raY STYLE=superscript  Sao  carried  across  from  Newcastle  to  Sillotu  Y  City  of  Carliii  i/6 STYLE=superscript  _  the  a STYLE=superscript  utd  y STYLE=superscript  be  under  ow  shipped  there,  the  distance  i  to  the  greatest,  :I1 STYLE=superscript  eoldt'oera:ei,  railway  d STYLE=superscript  n  a STYLE=superscript  c  Yn STYLE=superscript  o  c STYLE=superscript  n  r STYLE=superscript  t  ie STYLE=superscript  u  ir STYLE=superscript  a  n STYLE=superscript  t  g STYLE=superscript  i  on  of  the  N°  r''  'I  1 STYLE=superscript  '  r STYLE=superscript  o  n STYLE=superscript  fr  n  o  l STYLE=superscript  e  ni  es STYLE=superscript  oi  n  In  an  Lancaster  and  Carlisle,  the  Caledonian,  the  Gla  s STYLE=superscript  ,F,,  south-Western,  the  Newcastle  and  Carlisle,  and  th  e STYLE=superscript  th  line  er  ..vaa  liale  lines  all  =teeth*  , STYLE=superscript  there,  and  o STYLE=superscript  °,  centres  of  the  IC  gaol:  N  '  a  is  also  in  contemplation.  The  projected  Harbour  at  Sil STYLE=superscript  e  ° STYLE=superscript  ,  3  ol  Bay  would  be,  the  nearest  deep-sea  harbour  to  th  is STYLE=superscript  !'itis  centre  of  railways,  and'as  the  Solway  Frith  in  w  hi STYLE=superscript  t  i  e  yap  situated  runs  up  so  far  into  the  land,  as  a  glance  at  th  of  England  will  show,  the  Carlisle  and  Silloth  Bay  113 STYLE=superscript  .  1  0  6 STYLE=superscript  with  the  Port  Carlisle  and  Newcastle  and  Carlisle  Itai'.oet Itai'.oetwould  would Itai'.oetwould  form  a  direct  Railway  connection  between  the  the STYLE=superscript  man  Ocean  and  the'  Irish  Sea  at  the  narrowest  part  e'  d  t  he  Island.  The  Harbour  at  Silloth  Bay  would  thus  affe  r STYLE=superscript  tu  res  readiest  and  best  Port  for  the  coal,  coke,  add  mattu  fac STYLE=superscript  lrtill  of  Newcastle  and  the  surrounding.district  sent  to  the  t  ,,  e  o  market.  Steamers  would  also  be,  enabled'  to  ply STYLE=superscript  b  e STYLE=superscript  ' STYLE=superscript  0,0  4 STYLE=superscript  Silloth  Briy  and  the  ports  of  Liverpool,  Dublin,  B  e  lt's-4  1  1  a  be  other  ports,  by  which  short  and  easy  passages  WI  0  ,  afforded  at  regular  hours,  quite  independent  of  the  pa  to  g  It  is  proposed,  in  the  first  instance,  to,  make  a  F1°,,t1.0010  Dock,  at  Silloth  Bay,  of  about  four  acres  area,  which  `  to  be  serve  as  an  Entrance  Basin  to  Docks  of  a  larger  ore  a STYLE=superscript  '  t  here'  constructed  when  the  increase  of  trade  should  requir  e STYLE=superscript  o  rt  The  Line  from  Silloth  Bay  to  Drumburgh,  on  the  :`,Ol  Carlise  Railway,  would  pass  through  a  fi  ne  agricaltuod  country,  and  a  considerable  income  from  local  traffi  c STYLE=superscript  oil  passengers  may  safely  be  anticipated.  A  single  line  will  be  laid  down  in  the  first  instance,  but  sufficient  b  eti  will  be  taken  and  works  constructed  for  a  double  line  W,  j  4  the  same  may  be  found  necessary.  The  landowners  er STYLE=superscript  sr  e STYLE=superscript  general  strongly  in  favour  of  the  line,  and  some  of  th  elli STYLE=superscript  aer  upon  the  Provisional  Committee,  and  promoters  of  the  °u  'r'  taking.  The  country  through  which  the  line  passes  i  fectly  flat  and  level—there  will  be  no  heavy  earthOrot,  expensive  works  of  any  kind—and  it  is  estimated  ftlie  allowing  liberally  for  all  contingencies,  the  total  costs  o  ce  di  Railway,  including  the  purchase  of  land,  will  not  0. STYLE=superscript  5  r  £65,000,  being  at  the  rate  of  £5,000  per  mile.  Coot  thi  tors  of  undoubted  respectability  are  ready  to  undertone  construction  of  the  line  for  this  sum.  v  te  The  Estimates  for  the  Dock  and  Harbour  have  bee  ll STYLE=superscript  ,:  c  eo  pared  by  Mr.  J.  B.  Hartley,  of  Liverpool,  who  has  had  e  r  r:.  experience  in  the  planning  and  carrying  out  of  such  W  e STYLE=superscript  t  he  They  amount  to  £60,500.  The  total  estimated  cost  of  works  will  thus  stand  as  follows  :  Cost  of  Railway  £65,  000 STYLE=superscript  Cost  of  Dock  and  Harbour  Parliamentary  and  Preliminary  Expenses  and  Contingencies  Total  £135,000  The  sources  of  traffic  have  been  carefully  inquired  i STYLE=superscript  t  ,loc  and  fully  tested  by  persons  extensively  engaged  in  sb  i STYLE=superscript  l  i STYLE=superscript  V  and  manufactures,  and  in  every  way  competent  to  OWcorrect,  correct  estimate  f  the  various  kinds  of  merchandis  e STYLE=superscript  will  enter  the  harbour  and  pass  over  the  line.  Taking  into  account  thepresent  actualtraffic  from  No;  to  Ireland,  now  carried  by  a  long  sea•voyage  round  the  i STYLE=superscript  5 STYLE=superscript  o'4  and  which  would  be  diverted  into  the  new  line,  tole  e  r  with  the  local  traffic,  a  minimum  return  of  £2O  per  roi  le STYLE=superscript  b  iel''  week  may  be  safely  calculated  upon  for  the  Railway,  with  the  receipts  from  the  Dock  Dues,  would  yield  a  t  o  t STYLE=superscript  '  dend  of  upwards  of  six  per  cent.,  after  allowing  50  per  for.  working  expenses.  170  0 STYLE=superscript  The  undertaking  has  the  cordial  support  of  the  Carlisle  Railway  Company.  a  4d STYLE=superscript  .  Arrangements  will  be  made  with  this  Compaq,.  the  sanction  of  Parliament,  for  facilitating  the  can*  goods  over  their  line.  A  al  b;  Applications  fur  Shares  in  the  form  annexed,  nr  i- STYLE=superscript  jo  for  Maps  and  Prospectuses,  may  be  made  to  gr.  CARRUTHERS  '  the  Secretary,  or  Messrs.  W.  &amp;  J.  I  s STYLE=superscript  rti  e  s,:,  Solicitors,  at  Carlisle;  and  the  following  Brokers  :-  --- STYLE=superscript  4fer,  F.  W.  Flint  and  Co.,  Hull  ;  Messrs.  Redsdale  and  0  4  7 STYLE=superscript  4  '  Leeds  ;  Mr.  James  Watson,  Glasgow  ;  Mr.  Oliver  o STYLE=superscript  :'  e  s  s STYLE=superscript  ,  l STYLE=superscript  '  Edinburgh  ;  Messrs.  F.  and  W.  Gillow,  Liverpool;  Jo-  Hoyland,  Son,  and  Ball,  Manchester  ;  Mr.  .11.  Preston  ;  Bragg,  and  Stockdale,  London  ;  Drew*  Richardson,  Newcastle-upon-Tyne.  nt  FORM  OF  APPLICATION  FOR  SHAR-:  VS STYLE=superscript  silJ  - STYLE=superscript  To  the  Provisional  Committee  of  the  Carlisle  and  Bay  Railway  and  Dock  Company.  Gentlemen,—l  request  that  you  will  allot  to  nie.  „••  ',l'  shares  of  twenty-five  pounds  each,  in  this  undertalo  n STYLE=superscript  i  ci  f  :,'  ?  I  agree  to  accept  the  same,  or  such  less  number  youoo  l  fi  lot  me  ;  and  I  undertake  to  pay  the  deposit  of  . STYLE=superscript  t  w° STYLE=superscript  b  p STYLE=superscript  e  t  t&#34;'  ten  shillings  per  share  thereon  and  to  execute  ,bey'  liamentary  contract  and  subscribers'  agreeme  nt,  ''''  quired  so  to  do.  Dated  this  day  of  1853.  Name  .  Residence  ....  ~.  ..  ••  •  '  Description  •  •  o  , STYLE=superscript  4  ~,ivfl,  •  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLAL—  ta  tl  ° STYLE=superscript  0 STYLE=superscript  Oxford-street,  at  his  General  Priniing  and  1  Establishment,  19,  South  John-street,  Liverl  o STYLE=superscript  :o.  WEDNESDAY,  DECEMBER  21, STYLE=superscript  18"
