text
"SHIPPING  INTELLIGENCE.  NEW  YORK.---Arrived,  Nov.  12.---Saxony,  from  Bristol  ;  Mariner,  from  Glasgow;  (14),  Baltic,  (s.)  from  Liverpool  ;  (15),  American,  Huron,  from  Liverpool;  Centurion,  from  ditto  •'  J.  W.  White,  from  Bristol;  Mary  E.  Whitt  a  k  er  ,  from  Newport  ;  Scotia,  and  Kossuth,  from  Liverpool.  SAILED,  Nov.  12.---American  Eagle,  for  London;  Sara Saratoga,  toga, Saratoga,  for  Liverpool  ;  Golconda,  for  ditto  ;  (14),  Charles  Sprague,  for  London  ;  Royalist,  for  ditto  ;  (15),  Conqueror,  for  Liverpool.  NEW  ORLEANS.—AuurvED  Nov.  5,  Windermere,  from  Liverpool  ;  Ocean  Star,  from  Liverpool.  PHILADELPHIA.—AuurvEn  Nov.  13,  Jane  Mont Montgomery,  gomery, Montgomery,  from  Liverpool.  SAILED  Nov.  12,  Oxenbridge,  for  Liverpool;  W.  V.  Kent,  for  St.  Kitts.  RICHMOND,  VA.—ARRIVED  Nov.  9,  N.  Baynton,  from  Cork.  SAVANNAH.—CLEARED  Nov.  8,  Noemti,  for  Liverpool.  BOSTON.—ARRIVED  Nov.  12,  Meridian,  from  Liverpool.  CLEARED  Nov.  14,  Parliament,  for  Liverpool.  ASTPORT,  —ARRIVED  Nov.  3,  Levi  Woodbury,  from  Liverpool  ;  (4)  Muscou,gus,  from  ditto.  ST.  JOHN,  N.B.—CLEARED  Nov.  7,  Middlesex,  for  Li Liverpool  verpool Liverpool  ;  Charles  Humberston,  for  ditto.  HALIFAX.—SAILED  Nov.  3,  S.  L.  Crowell,  for  Liver Liverpool.  pool. Liverpool.  The  from  Melbourne,  was  telegraphed  off  Holyhead  at  30  past  12  p.m.  The  ship  Western  World,  which  got  ashore  on  Squaw  Beach,  N.  J.  some  two  or  three  weeks  since,  went  to  pieces  on  the  13th  instant  during  a  storm  and  blow  from  the  east eastward.  ward. eastward.  Her  decks  drifted  ashore,  all  broken  to  pieces,  many  of  which  were  wrapped  with  dry  goods,  which  had  composed  part  of  the  cargo.  Her  bottom,  with  a  considerable  amount  of  iron  in  it,  is  out  of  sight  under  water.  It  is  not  doubted  that  the  iron  will  be  recovered,  but  there  will  not  be  suffi sufficient  cient sufficient  value  saved  to  cover  expenses,  so  that  in  effect,  both  vessel  and  cargo  are  a  total  loss.  The  ship  was  valued  at  $BO,OOO,  on  which  there  is  insurance  to  the  amount  of  $70,000,  in  four  offices  in  this  city.  Cargo  valued  at  about  $lBO,OOO,  which  is  nearly  or  quite  all  covered  by  insurance.  RUSSIA  AND  TURKEY.  (From  our  Second  _Edition  of  Saturday.)  VIENNA,  THURSDAY  EVENING.  The  Russians  attacked  St.  Nicholas,  in  Asia,  by  land  and  sea,  but  were  repulsed  five  times  !  A  Russian  steamer,  with  1,500  men  on  board,  was  stranded,  25  of  the  crew  were  saved  by  the  Turks,  and  brought  to  Constantinople  as  prisoners.  General  Baraguay  d'Hilliers  arrived  at  Constan  tinople  on  the  15th.  VIENNA,  21.  A  few  days  ago  an  attach  6  of  the  Ottoman  Legation  left  Vienna  for  Constantinople  with  a  note  which  will,  it  is  said,  open  the  way  to  different  negociations  between  Turkey  and  Russia.  BUCHAREST,  7.  Yesterday,  the  Turks  made  an  attempt  to  cross  the  Danube,  near  and  Sistow.  They  were  unsuccessful.  An  armistice  cannot  be  thought  of  as  the  winter  does  not  prevent  the  carrying  out  of  military  operations.  The  Morning STYLE=superscript  Advertiser  was  informed  that  last  night  government  had  just  received  a  telegraphic  communication  announcing  the  entrance  of  the  combined  fleets  into,  the  Black  Sea.  _ADDITION:AL  PARTICULARS.  VIENNA,  Nov.  21.—The  retreat  of  the  Turks  across  the  Danube  has  produced  a  favourable  im impression  pression impression  in  the  Austrian  capital,  because  it  favours  the  hope  of  the  resumption  of  negociations.  A  few  days  ago  an  attache  of  the  Ottoman  Legation  left  for  Constantinople,  with  a  note  which  will,  it  is  said,  open  the  way  to  direct  negociations  between  Turkey  and  Russia.  It  is  stated  that  the  Russians  have  placed  bat batteries  teries batteries  on  the  heights  which  command  the  crossings  of  the  Danube  at  Oltenitza.  KRAJOVA,  Nov.  14.—There  are  about  8,000  Rus  sian  troops  in  Krajova  and  its  environs.  Their  outposts  are  at  Delea  and  Radowa.  Mention  has  been  made  of  the  probability  of  a  retrograde  move movement  ment movement  upon  Slatina.  The  Turks  have  advanced  on  the  one  side  to  Pojan,  and  on  the  other  to  Rastaw.  BUCHAREST,  Nov.  17.—Bucharest  is  perfectly  tranquil.  The  Russian  army  has  taken  up  posi positions  tions positions  which  effectually  protect  Bucharest  against  all  the  accidents  of  war:  On  the  16th,  the  Turks  made  an  attempt  to  cross  the  Danube  at  Nikopoli  and  Sistowa.  They  were  not  successful.  CON  STANTINOPLE,  Nov.  14.—The  fleets  of  England  and  France  are  in  the  Bay  of  Beikos.  the  tiungarian  General  Klapka  is  in  Constan Constantinople.  tinople. Constantinople.  .  _  _  A  - STYLE=superscript  foreign  legion,  too,  has  been  formed  at  Crass,  in  Asia.  There  were  rumours  of  an  armistice,  but  they  have  been  contradicted.  M.  de  Kisseleff,  whc;liaa  returned  from  Fontain Fontainbleau  bleau Fontainbleau  delighted  with  his  reception  by  the  Emperor,  speaks  in  very  confident  terms  of  a  pacific  arrange arrangement,  ment, arrangement,  and  declares  that  there  is  no  truth  in  the  statement  of  the  Patrie,  that  the  Emperor  of  Russia  has  ordered  his  armies  to  cross  the  Danube,  and  attack  the  Turkish  frontiers.  According  to  M.  de  Kisseleff,  the  Emperor  will  wait  the  result  of  the  pending  negociations.  A  Trieste  dispatch  announces  the  formation  in  Turkey  of  a  regiment  of  cavalry,  formed  of  Chris Christians,  tians, Christians,  and  commanded  by  a  renegade;  and  the  for formation  mation formation  of  a  regiment  of  infantry  at  Kars,  in  Asia,  composed  of  Hungarians  and  Poles,  and  to  be  com commanded  manded commanded  by  General  Chrzanowski,  who  served  in  the  campaign  of  1828,  on  the  staff  of  General  de  Diebitch,  and  who  afterwards  was  the  director  of  instruction  in  the  Turkish  army.  From  the  Ost  Deutsche  Post  we  gather  intelligence  from  the  seat  of  war,  reaching  to  the  17th  inst.  :  A  telegraphic  despatch  of  that  day,  which  has  reached  us  .  from  Bucharest,  mentions  that  the  Turks  had  on  the  16th  made  a  fresh  attempt  to  cross  from  Nicopoli  and  Hirsova,  and  gain  posses possession  sion possession  of  the  Wallachian  bank  of  the  Danube.  The  attempt  was  vain.  At  Giurgevo  also,  where  they  had  maintained  possession  of  the  island  close  to  Rutschuk,  and  belonging  to  the  Turkish  dominion,  their  attempt  to  regain  possession  of  an  island  ad adjoining  joining adjoining  the  Wallachian  side,  on  the  14th  and  15th,  had  been  unattended  with  any  success.  As  regards  the  position  of  Nicopoli,  just  mentioned,  we  may  re remind  mind remind  our  readers  that,  according  to  the  last  dispatch  of  the  Oesterreichische  Correspondenz  respecting  it,  the  Turks  had  established  themselves  on  the  left  bank  of  the  Danube  at  Turnu,  and  that  up  to  this  time  no  intelligence  has  reached  us  •  announcing  their  retreat  to  the  right  bank.  Reports  from  Bu Bucharest  charest Bucharest  of  the  15th  inst.  mention  that  the  Russians  after  the  withdrawal  of  the  Turks  from  Oltenitza,  formed  two  camps  of  5,000  men  each  ;  one  at  Irateachi,  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Giurgevo  ;  the  other  Sokaritschi,  close  to  Kalarasch  ;  that  they  had  strengthened  the  positions  at  01  tenitza  with  two  batteries,  four  squadrons  of  Uhlaiis,  and  1,000  Cossacks  ;  whilst  upon  the  heights  which  command  the  passage  of  the  river,  at  the  villages  of  Dobreny  and  Negojeschti,  close  to  Oltenitza,  they  have  placed  strong  batteries:  The  Turks,  after  razing  their  fortifications  at  Oltenitza,  withdrew  only  to  the  island  in  the  Danube,  situate  behind  the  junction  of  the  Argisch,  This  island  forms  no  part  of  the  Wallachian  territory.  Letters  which  have  arrived  here,  direct  from  Krajova,  of  the  12th  instant,leave  no  doubt  as  to  the  state  of  things  in  Lesser  Wallachia.  They  inform  us  that  Krajova  is  completely  filled  with  Russians,  who  have  re received  ceived received  orders  to  advance  immediately  upon  the  '  Danube,  and  to  march  on  the  14th.  On  the  13th,  quarters  were  demanded  for  a  new  corps,  who  were  to  enter  and  replace  tho  troops  ordered  to  march.  The  impression  was  that  General  Gortschakoff  would  arrive  at  Krajova  in  person,  and  that  it  was  the  intention  . STYLE=superscript  of  the  Russians  to  purge  the  Walla Wallachian  chian Wallachian  bank  of  the  Danube,  in  a  battle  at  Kalafat,  entirely  of  the  Turks.  In  Lesser  Wallachia  there  is  no  sympathy  felt  for  the  Russians  ;  this  circum circumstance  stance circumstance  has  been  notorious  since  1828.  In  every  oc occurrence  currence occurrence  the  utmost  caution  and  foresight  are  shown  by  the  generals;  the  state  of  siege  is  most  rigorously  enforced,  and  the  local  authorities  are  closely  A  Marseilles  journal  has  the  following  from  Con Constantinople  stantinople Constantinople  The  English  Admiral  Slade,  called  Mushawer  Pacha  (the  foreign  Paella),  has  left  to  cruise  in  the  Black  Sea.  He  has  taken  with  him  the  ship  of  the  line  the  Medjidieh,  five  frigates,  and  a  steamer.  His  object  is  to  drive  the  Russian  cruisers  from  before  Anopa,  the  only  port  of  the  Uaucasus  rur  a  ajnaee  of  eighty  milo-o.  panied  by  Seffer  Bey,  the  Circassian  chief,  who  was  so  long  detained  at  Arianople  ;  and  he  is  to  supply  ammunition  and  arms  to  the  Lesghians,  the  Lages,  and  the  Tcherkesses.  The  expedition  is  of  the  highest  importance.  If  the  Turks  succeed  in  taking  the  fortresses  which  defend  the  passage  into  the  Caucasus,  they  will  put  an  end  to  all  commu communication  nication communication  by  land  between  Russia  and  the  Trans Transcaucasian  caucasian Transcaucasian  provinces  acquired  by  the  treaty  of  Gu Gulistan.  listan. Gulistan.  Numerous  Russian  and  Polish  deserters  from  the  army  of  Woronzoff  have  reached  the  Turkish  advanced  posts  in  Asia.  Aides-de  camp  of  Bern  and  Dembinski  have  undertaken  to  organise  them.  .  2,000  men  have,  it  is  stated,  already  been  collected,  but  the  number  is  probably  exaggerated,  Desertions,  however,  are  very  probable,  as  the  army  of  the  Caucasus  has  received  all  the  soldiers  con condemned,  demned, condemned,  and  the  officers  and  even  the  generals  who  were  dismissed  and  ordered  to  serve  in  the  Private  letters  from  Vienna  of  the  21st  inst.,  announce  positively  the  appointment  of  General  Baron  Budberg  to  the  command-in  chief  of  the  Danubian  provinces.  It  appears  that  the  Baron  distinguished  himself  on  former  occasions  in  the  wars  of  the  Caucasus.  A  letter  from  Constantinople  of  the  10th  instant  states,  that  a  captain  of  a  merchant  ship,  who  arrived  there  from  the  Black  Sea,  met  the  Russian  fleet  three  days  before,  not  very  far  from  the  Bosphorus.  The  . STYLE=superscript  Turkish  fleet  was  proceeding  nearly  in  the  same  direction  ;  and  the  captain  was  of  opinion  that  the  fleets  could  not  continue  their  course  long  without  coming  into  contact.  The  letter  adds  that  the  cholera  had  broken  out  at  Galatz.  ODESSA,  Nov.  13.—A  division  of  the  Russian  fleet,  consisting  of  three  line  of-battle  ships,  five  frigates,  and  several  steamers,  went  out  from  Sebastopol  as  soon  as  the  Turkish  men-of-war  appeared  in  the  Black  Sea.  FRANCE.  THE  FRENCH  ARMY.—The  Moniteur  this  (Satur (Saturday)  day) (Saturday)  morning  publishes  a  decree  of  the  emperor,  ordering  the  formation  of  10  new  battalions  of  chasseurs  de  Vincennes,  with  19  companies  a  piece.  Also  the  addition  to  the  existing  battalion  of  two  new  companies.  An  order  for  the  with withdrawal  drawal withdrawal  of  a  sufficient  number  of  men  for  these  pur purposes  poses purposes  from  the  regiments  of  the  line  is  given,  so  that  the  general  effective  strength  of  the  army  may  not  be  added  to,  though  the  efficiency  of  this  parti particular  cular particular  arm  is  so  largely  increased.  Each  battalion  of  Chasseurs  will  contain  1,288  men.  The  increase  of  the  force  consists,  therefore,  of  upwards  of  13,000  men.  Another  account  from  Paris  states  that  several  steam-frigates  which  were  laid  up  in  ordinary  at  Toulon,  have  been  ordered  into  commission  as  quickly  as  possible.  It  is  rumoured  to-day  that  General  Canrobert  will  possibly  proceed  to  St.  Petersburgh  on  a  special  mission.  The  accounts  from  the  French  departments  are  far  from  satisfac satisfactory.  tory. satisfactory.  The  dearness  of  provision  has  caused  a  great  deal  of  agitation  ;  and  several  fires  have  taken  place  in  the  north,  and  especially  in  the  de-  partment  of  the  Ardennes,  which  are  attributed  to  incendiarism.  Letters  from  Frohsdorff  state  that,  on  the  21st  instant,  the  Duke  de  Nemours  presented  the  Duchess,  together  with  his  children  and  the  Princess  Clementine,  to  the  Count  de  Chambord.  The  introduction  took  place  at  Vienna.  On  Tues Tuesday,  day, Tuesday,  the  22d,  the  Comte  de  Chambord  and  the  Duke  de  Nemours  dined  with  the  Emperor  of  Austria,  at  the  palace  of  Schonbrunn,  Generals  Changarnier,  de  Lamoriciere,  and  Bedeau,  having  been  specially  informed,  by  orders  of  the  Duke  de  Nemours,  of  the  have  written  letters  approving  highly  of  the  step  taken  by  his  royal  highness,  and  declaring  their  entire  satisfaction  and  adhesion.  THE  SUPERANNUATION  OF  CIVIL  OFFICERS.  For  the  last  twenty  years  an  increasing  amount  of  dissatis dissatisfaction  faction dissatisfaction  has  been  expressed  by  the  civil  servants  of  the  crown,  at  the  manner  in  which  their  services  have  been  re regarded  garded regarded  by  the  legislature,  and  the  amount  of  remuneration  awarded  them.  Whilst  the  service  of  the  country  has  ma materially  terially materially  benefited  by  the  increase  of  intelligence,  and  by  the  augmented  duties  of  its  servants,  it  is  a  matter  of  notoriety  that  the  remuneration  and  position  of  government  officers  have  decreased  in  a  reversed  ratio  to  their  increased-labours.  That  this  is  so,  is  easily  shewn  by  various  returns  that  have  been  made  at  different  times  to  parliament.  From  these  it  appears  that  the  total  number  of  the  civil  officers  of  the  crown  amounts  in  round  numbers  to  16,500,  and  that  the  average  income  of  each,  taking  them  altogether,  is  not  more  than  £l4l  per  annum;  that  8,700  of  these  have  incomes  that  do  not  exceed  £lOO  per  annnm,  or  on  an  average  of  £B6,  whilst  5,800  only  have  salaries  exceeding  £lOO  per  annum,  or  on  average  .C  241.  In  many  offices  it  is  not  at  all  nvl  linligliql  thing  for  A  TART  After  +Ns  cr.4.7  or  years'  service  not  to  obtain  more  than  an  income  of  £l3O.  Previous  to  1829  every  person  employed  under  government  was  entitled  to  superanuation,  according  to  length  of  ser service,  vice, service,  on  the  following  scale  :—rising,  after  10  years'  service,  from  four-twelfths,  one-twelth  every  five  years  of  service,  to  the  full  salary,  and  without  any  deduction  being  made  from  the  salary.  It  was  thon  considered  that  it  was  as  just  and  reasonable  to  provide  for  the  civil  as  well  as  the  mili military  tary military  officer  of  the  crown.  In  the  year  1829  it  was,  how however,  ever, however,  determined  that  the  two  services  should  be  placed  on  a  separate  footing,  the  military  man  paying  nothing  towards  -his  retiring  pension,  whilst  the  civil  servant,  out  of  his  small  pittance,  was  to  have  deducted  from  it  from  21  to  5  per  cent.,  out  of  which  his  pension  was  to  be  paid.  This  system  has  now  been  in  operation  nearly  24  years,  and  now  let  us  see  how  it  has  operated.  The  entire  sum  abated  from  the  civil  officers  of  the  crown  in  the  above  period  up  to  December,  1352,  amounted  to  £621,000,  and  the  total  amount  actually  paid  in  pensions,  &amp;c.,  has  not  exceeded  £40,000.  The  government  have,  therefore,  actually  taxed  the  government  officers  more  than  half  a  million  without  the  parties  so  taxed  deriving  in  any  way  the  slightest  benefit  from  it.  How  this  surplus  fund  has  been  appropriated  is  not  known.  The  hardship  does  not,  however,  end  here.  Owing  to  the  smallness  of  the  income,  it  is  almost  impossible  for  a  go government  vernment government  clerk  to  provide  for  his  family  in  the  case  of  death.  And  this  difficulty  is  materially  increased  from  the  state  de deducting  ducting deducting  five  per  cent,  from  his  gross  earnings  for  the  for formation  mation formation  of  the  fund  in  question.  If,  however,  this  amount,  instead  of  being  allowed  to  accumulate,  was  applied  as  an  assurance  for  the  benefit  of  his  wife  and  children,  a  real  good  would  be  effected.  It  is  true,  that  the  amount  to  be  re received  ceived received  by  the  widow  would  not  be  large,  but  still  it  would  be  better  than  her  being  left  in  utter  destitution,  which  is  now  but  too  frequently  the  case.  This  question  has  now  for  the  last  seven  years  been  mooted  by  a  large  class  of  the  civil  servants  of  the  crown,  and  after  some  time  a  committee  was  formed  to  see  what  could  be  done.  We  are  happy  in  being  enabled  to  state  that  after  much  discouragement  their  efforts  are  likely  t  o  b  e  atten  d  ed  with  success.  A  bill,  embracing  most  of  the  points  we  have  touched  on,  has  been  prepared  by  Sir  Charles  Trevelyan,  secretary  to  the  treasury,  and  Mr.  Bramby,  th  e  secretary  to  the  audit  board,  and  is  now  under  the  consideration  of  the  cabinet.  Most  sincerely  do  we  hope  that  the  object  de desired  sired desired  will  be  effected,  and  the  cruel  injustice  under  which  the  government  officers  have  suffered  for  the  last  twenty  years  be  rectified."
