text
"a  might  find  permanently  allowing,  at  th  t  ime,  the  termini  of  the  diff  erent  carry  i  ng  concerns,  so  as  to  be  able  to  direct  their  goods  by  that  line  the  point  of  shipping,  and  we  append  m  tory  remarks.  of  convey  with  some  explana-  The  increase  of  steam  vessels  at  this  derable  feature  ;  an  d  whenever  the  c  e  ssation  of  the  war  shall  release  from  the  transport  service  the  number  of  such  vessels  so  employed,  no  port  will  offer  equal  advan advantages  tages advantages  for  the  transport  of  merchandize  to  almost  every  port  in  the  world.  •  We  would  also  call  attention  to  the  successful  way  in  which  our  port  has  stained  the  mail  service  with  Australia,  by  means  of  clipper  vessels  of  the  largest  size  and  finest  class,  whose  passages,  in  many  cases,  have  been  quite  unequalled.  It  is  possible  that  tho  current  year  may  see  a  development  of  a  quicker  transit  trade  with  the  Pacific,  by  means  of  the  railway  from  Aspinwall  to  Panama,  as  vessels  hlve  loaded  here  for  Aspinwall,  and  atrangeMents  can  be  made  to  distribute  goods  by  steam  along  the  Pacific  coasts.  The  general  rates  of  freight  aro  considerably  lower  now  than  they  were  a  year  ago  by  sailing  vessels,  nor  do  we  see  any  prospect  of  increase  for  the  present,  as  tne  tonnage  required  for  our  imports  is  greatly  larger  than  that  needed  for  exports,  and,  looking  at  the  general  list  of  outward  rates,  they  are  moderate,  and  likely  to  draw  the  trade  to  this  port,  Insurance.—The  past  year  has  witnessed  an  increase  in  the  nurnSer  of  underwriters  in  Liverpool.  The  tendency  here  and  in  London  has  been  to  raise  generally'  the  rates  of  premium,  especially  upon  manufactured  goods,  to  particular  average.  4 STYLE=superscript  In  some  cases  this  advance  has  been  as  much  as  20s  to  25s  per  cent.,  and  even  more,  whilst  to  several  prin principal  cipal principal  foreign  ports,  it  is  difficult  to  insure  against  this  risk  at  any  advance  of  premium.  This  rise  in  rates  of  insurance  in  the  sggregate,  forme  a  serious  tax  upon  the  trade  of  this  dis district,  trict, district,  sled  the  subject  deserves  the  particular  attention  of  shippers,  to  adopt,  if  possible,  some  means  of  preventing  the  damages  whi  c  h  cause  i  t.  I  t  seems  to  us,  that  some  substance  requires  to  be  used  in  the  paclti  ng  of  bal  e  goo  d  s  more  water  .  proof  than  th  e  t  arpau  /i  ng  and  oil  -  cloth  at  present  adopted  ;  and  if  a  premium  were  offered  by  the  interior  Chambers  of  Corn Cornrnerce,  rnerce, Cornrnerce,  for  the  most  successful  invention  to  meet  this  case,  it  might  lead  to  important  advantages.  Perhaps  the  tax,  in  than  shape  of  higher  premiums,  is  less  advantageous  to  shippers,  than  is  the  injury  done  to  foreign  markets,  by  throwing  upon  them  at  auction,  masses  of  damaged  goods  to  be  Sold  at  any  cai  prices  that  can  b  e  go  t  .  H  ow  far  the  system  of  surveying  goods  at  some  p  or  t  s  a  b  roa  d  nee  d  s  to  b  e  i  mprove  d  ,  is  a  question  interesting,  m  or  e  p  ar  tic  u  larly,  to  underwriters,  The  have  in  ymenellsmo;  therefore,  have  arisen  upon  goods  sf  e  iriperre,  p  o  cd  at  all  ports,  a  the  highest  class,  and,  they  seem  not  to  be  neces necessarily  sarily necessarily STYLE=superscript  yew!  incident  to  the  lo  ca  li  ty  of  shipment,  or  - STYLE=superscript  to  tbe  quality  o  f  t.  is  a  consi-  Transit  Goods.—i  The  val  transit  through  this  connt;,  f STYLE=superscript  e  h  r  a  e  s  ign  be  g  e  o  n  ods  es  e  t  x  im  po  a  r  t  t  e  e  d  d  in  t  L  5,000,000  per  annum,  but  we  believe  it  is  very  much  larger;  and  we  would  specially  call  the  attention  of  our  Continental  friends  to  the  great  facilities  that  of  late  years  the  Customs  have  afforded  in  every  way  to  this  branch.  By  declaring  in  proper  form  upon  importation  transit  goods  destined  for,  export,  if  intended  to  go  forward  in  the  import  vessel,  they  are  subject  to  no  examination,  and  if  to  go  by  other  conveyances,  the  examination  of  the  Customs  is  quite  trifling,  and  such  as  in  no  degree  injnres  them,  and,  at  the  same  time,  'shipping  expenses  are  greatly  lessened.  The  increasing  number  of  steamers  and  clipper  vessels  now  radiating  from  this  port,  gives  decided  advantages  as  a  place  for  general  shipment.  We  would  call  the  special  attention  of  our  friends  exporting  arms,  ammunition,  certain  metals,  and  other  articles,  which  nbeuashnicepPeedf  hboYstiPlPiteiceisa,l  permission,  under  to  the  g  rea  t  impor importanceare  tanceare importanceare  only  allowed  t  o  bond,  during  th  e  crtri  of  seeing  that  landed  certificates  from  the  port  of  desti destination  nation destination  are  returned  to  the  bonds,  and  toprevent  th•  infliction  of  the  penalties,  p  There  is  also  a  clause  in  the  now  Merchant  Shipping  Act  whi  c  h  deserves  notice,  as  it  enjoins  No  person  shall  carry  in  any  ship,  o  r  require  the  master  or  owner  to  carry  thercin,,Aquafortis,  Gunpowder,  or  any  other  Goads  which  are  of  a  dangerous  nature;  and  if  any  person  carries,,  or  sends  by  any  ship  any  goods  of  a  dangerous  nature,  without  distin  c  tl  y  mrking  their  nature  on  the  outside  of  the  package  containing  the  same,  or  otherwise  giving  notice  in  writing  to  the  master  or  owner  before  the  time  of  sending  the  same  to  be  shipped,  he  shall  for  every  such  offence  incur  a  penalty  not  exceeding  Oar  port  offers  increasing  facility  for  the  purchase  of  copper,  lead,  ron,  and  all  metals,  salt,  coals,  soap,  ale,  and  other  rough  rticlo4  for  cargoes.  ston,  or"
