text
"414 STYLE=superscript  No.  10,  M  a  horse  b.—  falling  down  tu,  street,  and  died  f  Rath,  79  years  of  aromr  Park,  di  e  d  yesterdar  q  u STYLE=superscript  enee  of  i  n  j  uries  i STYLE=superscript  gnited  on  Wed,  watchman,  in  dock,  was  drow  resided  at  .AD .ADmorninr,  morninr, .ADmorninr,  Precautions-  a  Prevent  the  ree  recently  destroy  Lord  Lucan  lacier  his  •°  ll STYLE=superscript  eve  ) STYLE=superscript  piati  o  as  ;an;  exislve,  _  zrourAtess  Irv!,  15R1GADL  William  M  to  resume  1  is  seriously  mi.  change  of  air.  He  a STYLE=superscript  dvised  to  rem  a  i  n  d  ur  •,  The  Atustaph  a  ne  n,  the  E  Prince  of  that  name,  is  fast'  gettic,,  completed  3autbanapton  inner  'dock.  •  She  is  l  ' STYLE=superscript  Bo  . STYLE=superscript  feet  long,.  ilgilleS  are  truck  ones,  and  fill  a  remarkably  small  spat,  En  the  state  room  a-  pilno  will  be  placed,  Mustapha  Bey  &#34;-'ing  a  Man  of  European  tastes.  His  yacht  will  cost  ClO,OOO.  A  PftoJECTED  LONDON  ITOTEL.--The.draught  of  an  Act  if  Parliament  has  just  been  deposited  - STYLE=superscript  at  the  Private  Bill  ce  for  the  establishment  of  the  Imperial  Hotel  Com Comiany,  iany, Comiany,  who  propose  to  occupy  the  site  of  the  National  lallery.  in  Trafalgar  -square.  It  is  extremely  concise,  Lad  is  the  first  bill  of  the  kind  deposited  embo  - STYLE=superscript  dying  the  invited  liability  act  with  the  power  to  take  lands.  The  apitat,  proposed  to  be  raised  is  £1,000,000,  in  shares  of  :10  each,  and  the  entire  extent  of  ground  to  :  be  occupied  a  three  and  a  half  acres.  1  .The  Cork  Examiner  announces  on  authority  that  it  is  be  intention  aof  of  high  mercantile  position  to  amen  a  line.  , STYLE=superscript  of  sew  s STYLE=superscript  team  vessels  b  e  t  ween  that  port  and  c  York.  The  Ex STYLE=superscript  aminer  further  st  a  t  es  ,  on  the  authority  an  eminent  commercial  firm,  that  the  re  su  lt  o  f  the  resent  ne  gociations  on  thi  s  su  bj  ect  may  be  looked  for  efore  many  weeks  elapse,  in  the  establishment  of  a  gular  and  direct  line  of  c  ommunication  between  Cork.  1 STYLE=superscript  4  New  York.  It  is  intended  that  the  steamers  ,  shall  111  once  a  week  for  New  York  with  passengers  and  mer merhandie.  handie. merhandie.  THE  NEW  POSTAL  ARRANGEMENTS  WITH  FRANCE.—  [AVRE,  Jan..  I.—ln  the  postal  convention  between.  France.  ad  England  just  conclVed,  an  important  arrangeinent  is  trictioned.  Metal  letter  receivinr,  boxes  are  placed  on.  card  the  steamers  leaving  Calais,  Icouloge,  and  Havre  for  ngland,  into  which  pqrties  tan  post  letters  t  )  the  last  mo moent  ent moent  of  sailing  but  these  letters  could  not  until  now  be  'e  -paid,  because  the  English  post  offices  were  not  allowed  recognise  French  or  English  postage  atamps  on  such  tters,  and  similarly  the  French  post  ofEces  Nvere  not  lowed  to  recognise  English  or  French  p  ,stage  stamps  on  tters  posted  at  the  English  ports  in  the  letter  boxes.  If  rsons  put  French  or  English  postage  stamps  on  the  letters,  ch  stamos  were  wated,  for  the  letters  were  considered  as  'paid.  This  is  now  all.  The  French  people  can  by  !ench  postage  stamps  prepay  letters  put  into  the  letter  Iles  on  board  the  steamers  le  a  ,  v  i  n  ,,,  y  Engrishfor  En.iand  and  vice  s  ,  isa,  English  people  can  b  postage  stamps  pre prey  y prey  letters  put  into  the  letter  boxes  on  board  the  steamers  lying  for  France.  gain  ordered  bogie  tot  pt,  where  het  beer  er  rponths  tne  v  Bey,  the  N  toe  _ugyption  COUNTERFEI  T  COT  - STYLE=superscript  N.—Th  e  licensed  victuallers  re  just  .ers  ich  imposed  upon  .  by  utterers  of  base  e  o  i  n,  a  , STYLE=superscript  rally  en  o  ing  plundered  t  o  a  -  great  extent  with  ust  which,  y  e  ae  no STYLE=superscript  arl  :11  -mad  e  b  a  S  e  half-crowns  and  florin.,  )- STYLE=superscript  plated  upon  h  ar  d  met  al,  present  all  the  appeariculiateelsec appeariculiateelsecver,  ver, appeariculiateelsecver,  and  will  withstand  the  usually  reliCd  riper,  te  xt  ,  ° STYLE=superscript  3  l. STYLE=superscript  tiding  in  the  detector.  These  s  p  ur  i  ous  co  i  ns  are  5  stated  in  a  paragraph  which  went  the  round  of  the  some  few  weeks  back)  made  of  iron  :  and  therefore  test  of  the  magnet  then  recommended  would,  if  used,  iy  tend  to  mislead  _  •  itil  a  coins  are  stri  Pan  silver,  then  plated'  wit  letected  mod  in  man,  11,  there  heir'.  -e  about  the  imp;  r  will  I  to  differ  from  general  tern  01  the  B STYLE=superscript  P  ° STYLE=superscript  ts  within  features  of  t  )th  sides,  the  en  are  u  es,  to  gi  i  ted,  ther  Peaion;  the  -otr  he  0  uee  wr(  DO  tali  is  s  ries  136  kria  deli  You  1  but  I  I  Eor  nov  to  charaCt  e  number  of  s  131  `a'  Bt  Oratorios  Jose  er  and  coldne  revivingin  t  ieh  time'  id  .opera  perfOrmed  in  the'Eniliih  edition  Philharmonic-hall  here  in  1850,  at  •  wad  very'fittini  Art  she  took'  leaWof  Her  ar  'beyond  the  praises  we  might  ion  her:  ATviiteniasedrfdmiliaritv  enti-fd  s:DER---04  Thu  rk  Cemetery,  in  , STYLE=superscript  the  presence  of  a  CITE  TRAGEDY  •IN  'Prii  Mucoutis.  -z-iresterday  the  etched  prisoner,  Corrigan,  was  visited  in  the  House  bewail  by  his  father  , STYLE=superscript  and  Mrs.  How,  with.  whom  he  kod  fonnearly  ten  minutes.  , STYLE=superscript  A  plea  of  insanity  will,  it  ;aid,  he  set  up  for  the  defence;  there  are  several  wit witses  ses witses  who  were  not  examined  on  ThUrsday  afternoon  ore  Mr:  Yardley,  to  give  evidence  at  the  trial;  who  •htiVe  )rwit;the  prisoner  to  labour'under  temporary  attacks'  cif  .  .  Tzttila  treme  n  s,  and  other  ,  •  EIRE  AND'  ,PeonABLE  Loss  OF  LlFE.—Yesterday  morn morning,  ing, morning,  the  inhabitants.  of  .Lewisham,road.were  alarmed  at  the  outbreak  of  a  fire  at  Mr.  John  •  Tothurst's.  The  (fire;'  when  discovered,  was  raging  in  one  of  the  upper  rooms,  used'  as  a  sleeping  apartment,  'and  the:.flatues  completely  encircled  Mr.  Tothurst,  who  was  frightfully  burnt  in  his  bed.  An  instant  alarm  was  given,  but  the  •  inmates,  who  were  in  their  beds  asleep,  could  not  be,  roused  for  some  considerable'  time.  At  length  the  flames.  were  ,extin ,extinguished,  guished, ,extinguished,  and  the  unfortunate  man  removed  without  loss  of  time  to  Xaaman's  Ward,  Guy's  Hospital,  where  every  assistance  was  afforded  ,by  Mr.  Giles,  house  surgeon,  but  he  , STYLE=superscript  remains  _in  a  precarious  state.  On  New  Year's  Day  Colonel'  Henry  Sandham,  Royal  Engineers,  assembled  the  whale  of  the  Royal  and  East  India  CoMpany's  •  Sappers  and  Miners  (800)  in  'IhE  Barrack-square,  Brompton,  in  close  col  umn  ,  an  d  ca  ll.  ill  IT  0,0  .  y  11PDonald  to  Sergednt''  M‘bo'  you  are  recommended  for  your  bravery  and  sOkfier sOkfierlike  like sOkfierlike  deportodent  for  a  commission,  which  I  hope  you  may  obtain,  and  live  many  years  Co  THE  CI-DEVANT  LADY  ELEENDOEOUGH.—A  correspon correspondent  dent correspondent  of  a.  London  Journal  writes  I  have  this  day  received  communications  from  Constantinople,  which  say  that  the  unfortunate  Lady  Ellenborough'  whose  romantic  adventures  are  too  familiar  to  the  public,  was'  lately  assassinated  in  Arabia,  by  (says  my  'informant)  hareine  d!un  Cheik  I  am  only  able,  to  add,  that  the  deed  is  supposed  to  have  been  committed  at  the  sug  gestiOn  of  some  women  who  were  jealous  of  her  A  'New  CANDIDATE  FOR  ORDINATION.—Mr.  - STYLE=superscript  James  Grant,  editor  of  the  Morning  Advertiser;  the  organ  of  the  'As  been  studying  for  the  church,  before  the  Presbytery  of  London  for.  examination.--:Aberdeen  Free  Press.  [This  has  been  contradited  by  Mr.  Grant's  friends  at  the  annual  meeting  of  the  li  cense  d  v  i  ctua  ll  ers  o  f  the  metropolis,  held  on  last.—En.  N.D.T.I  iortly  to  corn  TIE  LATE  EXTENSIVE  I  AT  RaisTor--The  e,xami  fS  or  BONDED  SPIRITS  I.of  George  Davis,  the  s  Sims,  -cellarman,  on  a  endall,  A  retired  perfumer  Icier,  on  a  charge  of  felonious)  etlarge  ofs  Ina-rni,q„  quant  quantit STYLE=superscript  y  or  Spirit  - STYLE=superscript  ity  can  r  receiving,  a  feed  Phillips,  before  a  full  sworn.  iat  be  fiad  been  robbed  on  uantity  stolen  wa  lions  of  run'',  and  riven  I  trtner  remanded  i  bail  till)  3,15(013  dollars  in  specie,  including  60,000  dollars  on  account  of  Ateltica.n  ditridends.  The  Tyne'  also  hrifigs  55  passengers,  among  whom  are  the  following  :—Com.  :tenant'  Carter,  2nd  West;  2nd  West  India  India  Reginien't,  and  Surgeon  Mostyn,  By,  this  arrival  we  did  not  receive  our  'Usual  files  of  papers  and  dispatches  ;  .but  we  learn  that  mining  matters  are  progressing  more  favourabli..than  was  anji anjicipatO:at,4innaica,  cipatO:at,4innaica, anjicipatO:at,4innaica,  and  the  health  'of  the  island  iras  ugar  has  taken  another  extraordinary  lbap  upward,  and  may  be  quoted  at  least.  lOs  higher  advanced  prim  annou'aced  previous  mail.  Decreasing  stocks  and  very  liniited  imports  have  riroduced  .  an  abnormal  condition  of  the  nia  Forced  prices  up  to  an  unnatural  range,  and  will  in  t  1  all  probability  sustain  this  description  of  produce  at  a  I  ."
