text
"PQRTANT  SVGA  TI-RE  FINE  RS.  A  SUGAR  REFINERY  DECLARED  A  NUISANCE.  Yesterday  -a  - STYLE=superscript  case  of  conSiderable  importance  to  sugar sugarrefinerS  refinerS sugarrefinerS  •  came  on  for  hearing,  at  the  Salford  Town  ,Hall,  before  Messrs.  Trafford  and  Langwortlay,  in  which  the  pro prosecutor  secutor prosecutor  was  the  Town  Clerk,  (Mr.  George  Gibson,)  who  appeired  on  behalf  of  the  joint  Sanitary  Committee  of  the  Borough,  and  the  defendants  were  -the  highly-respectable  firm  of  Sharp  and  , STYLE=superscript  Scott;  groeers,  Market-street,  Manchester,  and  sugar  refiners,  Middleton-court,  Chapel-street,.  Salford.  Messrs.  Sharp  and  Scott  were  represented  by  Mr.  Tidswell,  Solicitor.  The  TowN  CLERK  said  this  was  a  prosecution  raised  under  the  last  act  bearing  upon:  the  subject-matter  of  com complaint,  plaint, complaint,  the  7th  of  Victoria,  ch.  33rd,  section  132nd.  Then  the  latter  part  of  the  116th  section  of  the  Salford  Improve Improvement  ment Improvement  Act  of  1830  bore  upon  the  same  questions,  those  acts  had  to  be  read  together;'  but  he  preferred  to  proceed  with  this  case,  and  he  would  endeavour  to  prove  that  it  was  a  commou  nuisance.  He  also  referred  the  court  to  one  act  mentioned  in  Burns's  Justice,  vol.  3rd.  The  trade  carried  on  by  the  defendants,  in  Salford,  was  that  of  sugar-refiners,  and  he  (the  town  clerk)  begged  leave  to  state,  on  the  part  of  the  gentlemen  who  instructed  him,  in  the  onset  that  it  was  with  extreme  reluctance  they  found  themselves  compelled  to  take  proceedings  against  a  firm  so  highly  res respectable,  pectable, respectable,  and  carrying  on  a  trade  'so  highly  beneficial  as  that  in  which  they  were  engaged.  But  however  respectable  the  firm,  and  however  much  esteemed  the  .  members  of  the  firm  might  be  who  carried  - STYLE=superscript  on  the  business  where  the  nuisance  complained  of  existed,  the  Joint  Sanitary  Committe  felt  themselves  bound  to  undertake  'the  present  prosecution.  And  that  prosecution  was  entered  upon  under  eficumstances  which  rendered  it  impossible  not  to  undertake  it.  The  com committee  mittee committee  had  had  presented  to  them  three  memorials  against  the  nuisance  from  the  sugar-refinery  in  question,  one  ,  signed  by  sixteen  gentlemen  living  in  Victoria-street;  the  second  by  eleven  gentlemen  living  in  the  neighbourhood  ;  and  the  third  by  forty-two  persons  who  are  residents  of  Manchester,  living  on  the  other  side  of  the  river,  and  extending  as  far  down  as  the  Palatine  Buildings.  And  he  was  told  that  the  vapour  complained  of  as  coming  from  the  preinises  of  the  defendants  extended  down  past  Albert  Bridge.  The  vapour,  as  he  understood  the  matter,  fell  on  the  river,  and  followed  the  stream  of  the  river.  It  was  a  source  of  satisfaction  to  him  (the  Town-clerk)  to  be  able  to  say  that  if  he  made  out  his  case,  the  Court  might  make  a  conviction  which  would  not  necessarily  put  a  stop  to  the  ,trade  of  the  defendants,  who  might,  under  proper  regulations  and  alterations,.  be  en enabled  abled enabled  to  carry  on  their  trade.  without  causing  any  injury  to  the  public.  Mr.  Pickering  was  the  first  witness  examinined,  and  he  stated  that  he  was  the  inspector  of  nuisances  for  the  borough  of  Salford.  He  had  visited  the  premises  of  the  defendants,  which  were  situated  in  Middleton  Court,  Chapel-street,  a  short  distance  from  Victoria  Bridge.  They  carried  on  the  business  of  sugar-refiners.  Had  examined  the  premises  three  )r  four  times,  the  last  time  on  Friday,  found  nothing  cal calculated  culated calculated  to  give  rise  to  the  effluvia  complained  of  by  the  inhabitants,  except  from  the  kilns  for  burning  charcoal,  used  for  filtering  sugar,  and  afterwards  re  s  used  again.  He  Was  informed  .that'  it  was  animal  charcoal  which  was  burned.  Mr.  Scott,  one  of  the  defendants,  informed  him  that  he  had  a  large  amount  of  animal  charcoal  on  the  premises.  The  smell  complained  of  was  produced  by  the  process  of  re  .burning,  throwing  out  a  steam  or  -vapour.  He  thought  that  there  were  a,  number  of  apertures  or  narrow  tubes  from  each  kiln.  There  were  six  tubes  through  which  the  charcoal  flowed  down,  and  in  its  .course  passed  through  the  fire  and  was  re-burned..  The  charcoal  flowed  through  the  fire  - STYLE=superscript  on  its  way,  down  to,  the  bottom  of  the  works  on  somewhat  of  the  same  principle  as  a  gas-retort.  The  tube  red  hot.  Vapour  comes,  and  it  was  not  carried  up  by  any  chimney.  Witness's  attention  was  first  called  to  this  =-  same  on  the  23d  of  last  month.  He  then  went  over  the  works  with  Mr.  Scott,  but  the  smell  upon  Victoria  Bridge  was  much  stronger  than  that  in  the  •  works.  Bat  the  smell  on  Victoria  Bridge  was,  he  had  no  doubt,  precisely  the  same  as  that  at  the  works,  though  the  former  was  stronger.  The  smell  was  of  a  sickly  kind.  WILLIAM  HIGGEgBOTTOM.  stated  that  he  was  an  inspector  of  nuisances.  He  had  smelt  a  disagreeable  effluvia  in  Vic Victoria  toria Victoria  Bridge,  which,  he  was  sure,  came  from  the  sugar  works  of.  the  defendants.  The  smell  at  the  works  and  on  Victoria  Bridge  was  of  the  same  descriptian.  Mr.  PICKERING,  being  recalled,  stated  that  he  took-a  portion  of  the  charcoal  from  the  works  of  the  defendants,  with  the  consent  of  their  foreman,  which  he  handed  to  Dr.  Smith,  the  chemist.  Dr.  Robert  Angus  Smith  was  the  next  witness.  He  stated  that  he  was  a  chemist,  and  that  he  was  sent  up  by  the  Manchester  committee,  as  part  of  their  deputation  on  chemical  matters  to  the  Royal  Exhibition.  He  had  been  extensively  employed  in  reference  to  sanitary  purposes  in  connection  with  the  Board  of  Health,  both  before  and  since  it  was  established.  Mr.  Pickering  handed  him  a  sample  of  charcoal  on  Friday  evening,  which  he  analyzed.  The  substance  which  was  brought  to  him  by  Mr.  Pickerin,g  was  animal  charcoal,  or,  in  other  words,  bones  that  had  been  burnt  without  access  of  air.  It  is  used  for  taking  the  colour  from  various  iiquias.  substance  brought  to  him  by  Mr.  Pickering,  he  found  it  was  very  wet,  and  contained  besides  water  very  little  more  than  sugar  itself.  It  contained  25  per  cent  of  water,  when  the  dried  substenco  was  burnt,  without  air  it  lost  5.777  (or  sa)  per  cent  of  organic  matter,  which  goes  off  partly  in  the  form  of  gases,  and  partly  in  the  form  of  vapours.  Ever  1200  grains  gave  100  cubic  inches  of  gases.  Carburetted  hydrogen  carbonic  acid,  and  the  slightest  amount  of  sulphu sulphurated  rated sulphurated  hydrogen,  not  perceived  by  the  senses,  were  the  chief  producte  of  this  class.  The  :iquids  were,  water,  acetic  acid,  and  that  mixture  of  substances  called  empyreumatic  oil.  These  last  were  the  chief  substances  to  be  complained  of.  and  although  they  might  be  considered  as  disinfectants,  and  therefore,  in  some  conditions,  preservatives  of  disease  they  were  unquestionably  nuisances  when  diffused  even  to  a  small  extent  in  the  atmosphere.  When  vapours  produced  violent  coughing,  and  irritated  the  eyes,  nose,  and  month,  and  even  when  diluted  to  an  enormous  extent  pro produced  duced produced  coughing,  especially  in  persons  somewhat  disposed  to  it,  he  knew  from  experience  that  they  might  produce  irri irritation  tation irritation  even  at  a  considerable  distance  from  their  source,  and  as  he  had  also  observed  the  effects  on  others,  he  had  no  hesitation  in  giving  his  opinion.  He  had  less  hesitation  also  from  this  reason,  that  he  had  seen  the  remedy  effectually  and  easily  applied  in  another  work  of  the  same  description,  which  was  once  complained  of,  so  that  he  believed  the  manu manufacturers  facturers manufacturers  would  not  be  injuried  by  the  decision  that  the  vapours  were  a  nuisance.  He  went  for  the  purpose  of  ascertaining  whether  the  nuisance  complained  of  could  be  distinguished  at  the  distance*  mentioned  in  the  evidence,  and  he  found  that  even  at  the  distance  of  Victoria  Bridge,  the  nuisance  was  so  great  as  to  irritate  the  nose  considerably'.  By  the  Bench—lt  had  not  the  same  effect  as  snuff.  It  produces  violent  coughing,  and  a  very  little  of  it  would  do  so.  If  the  substance  were  burned  with  the  access  Of  air  it  would  have  no  injurious  effect  whatever  upon  the  throat—By  the  Town  Clerk.--It  was  a  disagreeable  smell  that  .was  emitted  from  the  defendants'  work  ;  it  was  calcu calculated  lated calculated  to  make  the  residents  of  the  neighbourhood,  and  passers  by,  very  uncomfortable.—By  the  Bench.  The  animal  charcoal,  or  the  bones  alone,  would  not  give  off  this  offensive  smell  unless  saturated  with  the  repose  of  the  sugar.  It  was  a  little  of  both,  the  sugar  and  the  bones,  that  gave  off  the  offensive  effivia.--  . STYLE=superscript  -Cross  examined.—The  smell  pro produced  duced produced  irritation  of  the  throat,  so  as  to  cause  coughing.  He  last  noticed  it  on  - STYLE=superscript  Saturday.  Mr.  TIES  - STYLE=superscript  WELL  said,  his  anxiety  was  to  show  that  this  smell  was  not  offensive  or  injurious  to  health  (a  laugh).  Dr.  SMITH  (in  answer,  to  the  bench)  said  he  thought  the  mere  production  Of  coughino•  by  . STYLE=superscript  the  effluvia  was  enough  to  constitute  it  a  nuisance,  and  make  it  injurious  to  health.  Amos  Burton  stated  that  he  lived  in  Victoria-street,  and  was  a  broker  there.  He  experienced  a  disagreable  smell  pro proceeding  ceeding proceeding  from  the  works  of  the  defendants.  Last  Sunday  he  was  so  sick  in  consequence  of  the  suiell,•that  he  could  not  go  to  chapel,  and  he  was  sick  all  Saturday  from  the  same  cause.  The  smell  was  a  nauseous  and  unpleasant  one,  like  that  which  proceeded  feom  an  old  corpse.  Thomas  Shelmerdine,  -  mer merchant,  chant, merchant,  Chapel  street  ;  Mr.  Borten,  Junr.,  Victoria  street;  and  Thomas  Food.  residina^  at  the  ton  of  Virtnrin  Pride,  Chester,  corroborated  the  evidence  of  the  previous  witnesses.  Mrs.  Burton  of  Blackfriars  Hotel,  Blackfriars  street,stated  that  the  smell  complained  of,  had  produced  injury  to  herself  and  family.  The  smell  was  very  offensive,  so  much  so  that  it  made  them  sick,  and  they  could  not  koep  food  on  their  stomachs  ;  the  nuisance  complained  of,  had  also  infured  her  very  much  in  her  business.  Mr.  TrosWELL  said  he  was  instructed  to  say  that  his  clerks  had  not  received  any  complaint  from  the  neighbours  that  the  smell  from  the  works  was  a  nuisance.  The  Towx  CLERK,  on  the'  ,other  hand,  contended  that  complaints  of  the  smell  had  been  made  again'  and  again.  Mr.  TRAFFORD  said,  the  case  was  really  undefended.  He  supposed  the  object  of  the  committee  was  to  put  a  stop  to  the  nuisance  without  insisting  upon  the  infliction  of  a  penalty.  Th?Towsi  CLERK  :  That  was  all,  and  he  was  told  that  Dr.  Smith  could  devise  means  for  putting  a  stop  to  the  nuisance  without  ilisconlinning  the  works.  Mr.  TRAFFORD  :  I  think  I  could  devise  a  means  too,  and  that  would  be  the  burning  of  the  charcoal  elsewhere.  Mr.  TIDSWELL  said  the  nuisance  might  be  obviated,  and  the  business  be  carried  on  where  it  was  at  present.  There  were  eleven  sugar  refineries  in  Greenock,  and  many  in  Glas Glasgow,  gow, Glasgow,  Liverpool,  and  Manchester.  The  Towx  CLERK  said  there  were  many  nuisances  exist existing  ing existing  in  the  places  referred  to,  and  Manchester  was  not  so  particular  as  Salford  in  the  removal  of  nuisances..  In  Oxford Oxfordroad  road Oxfordroad  he  knew  there  was  a  very  bad  smell,  though  he  did  not  know  where  it  came  from.  Mr.  TRAFFORD  said,  the  magistrates  were  clearly  of  opinion  that  the  nuisance  complained  of  had  been  brought  within  the  act  of  parliament,  as  an  offensive  smell  caused  by  the  burning  of  animal  matter.  The  defendants  must  forthwith  remove  the  nuisance  and  pay  all  the  costs  and  a  nominal  penalty  of  £5,  with  the  understanding  that  unless  the  nui nuisance  sance nuisance  was  discontinued  the  penalty  would  not  be  inflicted.  THE  ELECTRIC  TELEGRAPH  ACROSS  THE  .  FRITHS  OF  FORTH  AND  TAY.—The  Edinburgh  and  Northern  Com Company  pany Company  have  concluded  an  agreement  for  carrying  the  telegraph  across  the  Forth  and  Tay.  A  Vienna  letter  of  the  20th  states,  that  the  Jews  of  that  city  have  drawn  up  a  memorial  praying  for  the  re-establishment  of  the  rights  which  were  taken  from  them  by  the  late  decree.  This  memo memorial  rial memorial  is  to'  be  presented  to  the  Emperor  on  his  return,  from,  Munich.  Corrtoi.pontrentr.  MUNICIPAL  ELECTION.  PITT-ST.  WART)  What  great  events  from  trifling  causes  spring!  7  TO  THE  IMRGESSES  OF  PITT-STREET  WARD.  The  Ides  of.  were  big  -with  fate  to  The  approaching  first  day  of  November  nay  prove  eqUally  so  to  you.  On  that  day  you  are  called  upon  to  fight  the  battle  of  principle.  What  .may  be  trivial  and  unimportant,  as  a  fact  viewed  by  itself,  becomes  dignified  and  pregnant  with  interest  when  generalized  into  a  principle:  The  seduction  of  Helen  led  to  the  burning  of  Troy.  The  infatuation  of  _Antony  caused  an  empire  to  change  its  master.  The  .blood  of  mar martyrs  tyrs martyrs  sprinkled  in  the  sight  of  Heaven  tended  even  more  to  promote  Christianity  than  the  preaching  of  Evangelisers.:  The  corruption  of  Tetzcl,  the  monk,  first  roused  the  burning  zeal  of  Luther.  The  judicial  murder  of  the  unfortunate  wife  of  the  victim  of  a  press-gangconvicted  and  hanged  for  the  petty  felony  of  a  loaf  of  bread,  stolen  only  in  the  last  extremity  of  hunger—first  paved  the  way  to  the  adoption  of  the  mild  penal  code  of  England  of.  the  present  day—Sir  Samuel  Romilly  leading  the  van  of  mercy.  The  persecutions  of  the  members  of  the  gallant  Fourth-estate,  despite  of  royal  and  lordly  :  tyranny,  first  helped  to  demon  strate  its  rights  and  the  rights  of  mankind.  In  our  own  day,  the  monstrosities  practised  on  the  bench  by  a  County  Court  judge,  proved  the  rot rottenness  tenness rottenness  of  aristocratic  favouritism  and  the  elective  judicial  . STYLE=superscript  rights  of  the  people.  The  horrible  details  of  cruelty  (rendering-the  knout  merciful,  by  com comparison),  parison), comparison),  practised  under  the  supervision  of  the  local  magistracy  in  the  Birmingham  jail—the  ear earpiercing  piercing earpiercing  cry  of  which  rings  trumpet  -  tongued  through  this  and  every  land—l  venture  to  predict  will  give,  cie  lung,.  a  reforinea  - STYLE=superscript  bench,  where  neither  Cabinet  ministers  can  place  their  syco sycophants,  phants, sycophants,  nor  faction  its  tools.  Enough  !-  and  more  than  enough.  Arouse  your yourselves,  selves, yourselves,  ye  Burgesses  !  and  be  not  only  men,  but  ,just  men.  Providence  has  endowed  you  with  great  means—employ  those  means  to  noble  purposes.  You  have  a  choice,  either  to  set  an  example  .of  purity  or  to  sink  in  the  slough  of  party  intrigue.  Freedom  of  thought,  and  constitutional  principles  on  the  one  hand—the  tool  of  a  partizan  and  petty  corruption  on  the  other.  John  Smith,  the  tried  hero  of  a  hundred  popular'fights,  or  W.  P.  Jeffreys,  the  nominee  of—,You  know  who  ?  The  magnetic  needle  should  not  more  sensitively  vibrate  on  its  pivot,  than  the  soul  of  the  honest  man,  where  his  honour  or  public  duty  is  concerned.  Its  wondrous  properties  should  not  more  certainly  guide  the  mariner  to  his  destined  port,  than  the'  'Vote  of  the  true  citizen  should  hew  down  Alpine  barriers  or  hostile  forces,  in  his  progress  to  Consti Constitutional  tutional Constitutional  freedoM.  Onwards,  onwards,  onwards  !  is  the  watchword.  There  should  be  no  hesitation.  Is  the  man  a  slave  in  principle  ?  then  shall  his  vote  be  given  to  pro promote  mote promote  'private  interests  ;  to  manure  the  hot-bed  of  public  jobbery  ;  or  to  enslave  freedom  of  action  and  liberty  of  opinion.  He,aic.  2 STYLE=superscript  .s  to  forge  the  chains  that  fetter  his  own  political  rights—rights  that  the  great  and  noble  of  mankind  have  laboured,  and  do  labour,  at  the  ex expense  pense expense  „of  private  friendships,  at  the  cost  of  personal  health  and  ease,  at  the  sacrifice  of  wealth,  to  con  fer  upon  him.  .  A  boon;  alas  !.  bestowed  upon  an  ungrateful  and  unworthy  object:  Can  he  not  see,  does  he  not  know,  that  this  boon-this  magna  charta  of  private  opinion  —has  been  won  for'  him  by  the  life-long  struggles  of  phtriots,  not  burgesses  of  Liverpool,  but  citizens  of  the  world  ?  And  must  they  have  struggled  in  vain?  No.'  -Let  him  arouse  --himself,  and  shako  off  this  shameful  supineness.  Let  him  perceive  that  the  distinction  between  the  free  citizen  of  Liverpool,  and  the  thralled  serf  of  a  Russian  des despot,  pot, despot,  lies  in  the  mind,  and  that  it  is  possible  so  to  degrade  the  most  glorious  gift  of  heaven,  till  it  be becomes  comes becomes  'not  &amp;blessing,  but  a  curse.  Now  is  the  time  to  break  the  manacles  of  faction  —now,  when  cor corruption,  ruption, corruption,  with  the  stealthy  pace  of  a  wolf,  has  been  so  silently'  lindPrminirto•  thn  cAortnrol  D  i4no;pl,‘•  of  this  town..  Let  the  voter  act  as  if  the  fate  of  truth  and  honesty  depended  upon  his  single  vote.  Why  should  he  suffer  the  affront  of  the  pergonal  canvass.  - STYLE=superscript  of  any  would-be  sycophantic  though  it  be?  Does  he  want  music,  gewgaws,  or  beer,  let  him  then  work  and  pay  for  them.  But  let  him  not  sacrifice  that  independence  of  mind,  the  choicest  gift  of  God  to  man,  for  these  idle  trap trappings  pings trappings  or  luxuries,  which,  albeit,  useful  in  them themselves,  selves, themselves,  smell  filthy,  if  dug  out  of  the  mephitic  heap  of  electoral  corruption  and  intimidation.  Record,  your  votes,  on  Tuesday  next,  for  the  best  '  man,  backed  by  the  most  honest  and  most  consti-  •  tutional  'principle,  ye  burgesses  of  Pitt-street  ward,  and  it  May  happen,  that  your  small,  and  at  present  deSPisedward,  shall  speak  that  small  appealing  to  the  hearts  and  consciences  of  men;  .that  small  ripple  of  honesty  which,  swelling  as  it  proceeds,  shall  grow  into  a  mighty  river  of  electoral  and  corporate  purity.  A  COSMOPOLITAN,  BUT  NOT  A  BURGESS  OF  PITT-STREET  WARD,  Liverpool,  Oct;  25,  1853.  Caesar,  ST.  MICHAEL'S  CHURCH.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  Sin,—MY  attention  has  been  directed-  to  a  state statement  ment statement  in  your  paper  of  the  24th  instant,  entitled  Extraordinary  Scene  at  St.  Michael's  Church,  Pitt  ln  this  statement.,  Mr.  Morrall  is  said  to  have  engaged  in  place  of  Mr.  Bardsley,  Curate  of  St.  Mark's,  who  is  supposed  to  be  favourable  to  I  beg  to  observe  that  I  have  no  con connexion  nexion connexion  with  St.  Michael's  Church  ;  and  further furthermore,  more, furthermore,  that  I  have  no  sympathy  whatever  with  those  Puseyite  sentiments  with  which  your  inform informant  ant informant  identifies  me.  Hoping  that  you  will  be  good  enough  to  insert  contradiction  in  your  next  impression,  I  remain,  your  obdt.  servant,  THOMAS  W.  MOREAN,  Curate  of  St.  Mark's.  Liverpool,  October  25th,  1853."
