text
"on  a  -motion,  but  may  not  be  successful  in  what  we  call  in  the  House  of  Commons  Head  Constable,  and  they  iproved,  that  no  sooner  was  Patten's  act  superseded  by  the  one  wh  I  now  ex-  a  great  chang,  mt  Live  nd  in  ref  That  was  the  staqmi  :le  to  it  t  mil  10  o',  ,rtant  fac  m  Sand  10  o'clock  the  following  day,  in  the  six  montlis  before  tl  passing  of  Wilson  Patten's  act,  and  t  they  found  that  the  average  number  461,  and  only  212  after  it  cent.  (Hear,  hear,  and  the  n  redm  )  He  asicen  1  order  and  an  of  nearly  that  nothing  in  favour  o  (Hear,  hear.)  In  Presto'  the  aver  1  morality  ?  er  on  the  [d  after  it  1  in  Winn.  ze  num  the  a  while  the  ay  31,  it  had  shown  lieved  that  the  I  want  they  have  than  that  at  Lee  hell  in  Yorkshire,  the  wor  for  the  elosinz  of  t  on  th  Sabbath  day  by  og  men  in  3.  n  d  what  L.  at  the  I.  Mg  men  enrr  lops  - STYLE=superscript  alfo,  eatedly  to  s  catching  the  Speaker's  eye.  The  meeting  then  broke  up.  p  by  the  I  very  unportan  circles  sustc  tt  attendan  wished  t  hat  Vinitv  of  con•  flint  compa  TUE  CONCERT  HALL  neral  a  upon  t  India  (  riven  by  t  Therefore,  if  I  do  not  in  ad-  dition  to  my  vote  suppoit  the  petition  with  my  voice,  you  may  depend  upon  it,  that  it  shall  not  beimy  own  fault.  (Cheers.)  As  already  intimated,  the  Concert  Hall  was  prepared  for  holding  a  similar  meting.  Mr.  Adam  Hodgson,  who  was  to  preside,  attended  with  several  other  gentlemen,  but  as  the  crowd,  with  little  exception  pressed  to  st.  George's  Hail,  it  was  considered  better  not  to  hold  any  demonstration  in  the  Concert  Hall.  The  Right  lion.  Spencer  Horatio  Walpole  has  accepted  the  office  of  Archbishop's  Church  Estates  Commissioner,  vacated  by  the  lamented  decease  of  the  Right  Hon.  Henry  Goulbourn.  The  income  attached  to  the  office  is  £lOOO  a  year.  Sin  PATRICK  GRANT,  C.B.—A  banquet  on  an  unusual  scale  of  magnificence  will  be  given  to  tia;s  gallant  and  dis distinguished  tinguished distinguished  officer,'  by  the  East  India  Company,  at  the  London  Tavern,  on  the  2nd  of  February,  in  celebration  of  his  appointment  as  commander-in-chief  of  the  army  in  the  presidency  of  Madras.  It  is  the  first  instance  of  an  pang's  service  being  nominated  to  that  rid  highly  responsible  appointment  s  and  in  military  orders  wander  of  is  called  to  ion  for  the  ,es  and  hospital  lardinge  has  Le  oppor oppor;uggested  ;uggested oppor;uggested  the  hon-  The  several  'masters  re  learn  has  just  .r  annual  Herbert."
