text
"the  re  body,  from  expressing  its  opinion.  It  has  fulfilled'  the  omission.  and  formally  refused  to  obey.  The  Gov  15th  Dec.  at  leaves  Madras  for  Pegu  on  the  r  a  brief  visit  to  Rangoon  and  NeFrraist  )r-genq  to  determine  the  site  for  a  new  city,  returns  to  Calcutta.  He  is  expected  on  the  30th  Dec.,  and  the  work  already  cut  out  for  him  will  occupy  the  whole  remainder  of  his  time.  3  he  i  n,  prohibiting  the  export  of  saltpetre,  awl,  has  given  little  satisfaction.  It  home,  and  is  considered  oppressive  and  he  Americans,  who  are  large  buyers,  are  especially  indignant.  A  proclan-E  except  to,  E  emanated  fro  The  11Iission  to  Ava'has  returned,  but  its  result  has  not  yet  been  made  known..  It  is  understood,  h  owever  ,  t  hat  the  King  has  made  no  concessions,  and  signed  no  treaty,  and  that  he  is  more  than  ever  under  the  influence  of  the  warlike  Heir-Apparent.  CHINA  HONG-KONG,  Nov.  15.  Admiral  Sir  James  Stirling  and  the  greater  part  of  his  here.  Commander  H.  Stirling  proceeds  present  mail  in  charge  of  the  treaty  drawn  up  at  Japan  oinmodore  Elliot  and  his  squadron  we  have  no  nee,  or  any  news  of  interest  as  regards  the  Rus•  ns  in  the  north  The  conduct  of  the  Milted  States'  Consul,  Keenan,  at  this  port  has  given  rise  to  a  somewhat  important  gnestion,  viz.,  the  right  of  Great  Britain  to  take  cogni cognizance  zance cognizance  of  crimes  and  misdemeanors  committed  on  b  o  ard  American  ships  in  British  possessions.  The  consul,  sup'  ported  by  the  United  States  naval  authorities,  denies  British  jurisdiction,  and  in  defiance  has  committed  an  offence,  for  which  he  has  been  tried  in  cur  police  court►  found  guilty,  and  remitted  to  the  criminal  sessions.  The  French  Minister,  •  his  Excellency  Mons.  da  Bourhoulon,  proceeds  on  leave  to  Europe  by  the  present  political  affairs  remain  much  as  before.  Of  tie  no  dei  is  chea  mewhat  dull.  Money  is  scarce  la  ket  has  been  active  during  the  month  at  Freights  are  looking  down  and  ship  Invincible,  from  Shanghai  to  .o  and  sank  the  a  fgnail  at  sea.  Invincible  put  in  here  in  a  h,  Burin„  Nearly  all  the  tea  car  Is  dam~gpa'  EromMaoill;  we  have  letters  to  tl  9th  instant,  met°  and  the  American  tiohihe  a  V  rrenco  or  ship  Waverly',  conveying  coolies  from  China  to  Perut  captain  having  died,  the  ship  put  into  Manilla.  Some  dis disturbance  turbance disturbance  took  place  on  board,  and  the  Chinese  to  the  nuns'  her  of  450  were  below  and  th  e  b  a  t  c  h  es  c  l  ose  d  .  01  1 STYLE=superscript  their  being  opened  again,  251  men  were  found  dead.  ..•,  Exchaige  on  England,  at  Canton,  4s  91d  per  dollar  ;  Shanghai,  Gs  7-id  per  dollar.  COMMERCIAL  INTELLIGENCE.  -  CALCUTTA  MARKET,  Nov.  22nd.  Notwithstanding  the  occurrence  of  holydays  transactions  in  imports  have  been  on  a  fair  scale,  dealers  displaying  'mot°  confidence  than  was  experienced  for  some  time  past.  ThO  accounts  from  the  up  -country  markets  continue  favourable,  and  but  for  the  tightness  of  our  Money  Market,  wo  might  have  been  able  to  report  a  more  favourable  state  of  affairs.  The  downward  tendency  of  the  exchange  on.  Europe  will  most  likely  render  importers  more  firm,  and  caw°  an  improvement  in  valuewthheatever  of  of  theimprovement  principalar  n  theoftiicles  m  imp  o  o  n  r  e  ty  .:en  visible..  Our  trade  in  general  is  still  suffer'  scarcity  of  money,  and  we  hear  in  some  cases  parties  have  been  constrained  ;to  submit  to  most  exorbitant  rates  of  interest  and  discount.  It  is  reported  that  acceptances  have  been  cashed  in  the  bazaar  at  over  2,5  per  cent,  per  annutor  but  we  do  not  vouch  for  the  correctness  of  the  report.  EXCHANGE  :  In  consequence  of  very  few  bills  being  Woo  l STYLE=superscript  on  England,  the  rates  have  experienced  a  f  ur  th  er  d  ec  li  ne,  an  d  the  following  aro  the  existing  quotations  :—Credits,  2a  20  to  2s  21d  ;  docornent  bills,  2s  2,14  to  2e  2-P  ;  bank  post  billsa  2s  Id  to  2s  11.1..  On  China  60  days'  sight  bill  with  ep;u1  1 STYLE=superscript  ).  docnrnent•have:  been  negotiated  at  211  r.  to  - STYLE=superscript  212  r,  per  $lOO  but  we  have  not  beard  of  any  transactions  on  Singapore.  Freights:  We  have  had  almost  a  lull  in  this  - STYLE=superscript  departments  thing  having  been  done  for  London.  During  OP  'llp  only  was  taken  up  for  Liverpool,  to  carry  90  0 STYLE=superscript  £5,  and  400  tons  of  jute  at  symptom  ing  from  the  week  one  s  ions  of  rice  at  C  t.NT,  1  MARKET,—Hoxo-xoNG,  Nov.  15.  At  Canton,  luring  the  past  month,  the  business  in  mant;•  , STYLE=superscript  .  has  tick  n  done  at  improved  rates;  but  there  is  want  fine°  an.  ig  the  native  dealers,  arising  from  the  present  political  state  of  the  country,  which  checks  demand,  and  sc°  can  only  notice  limited  sales.  Cotton  is  lower.  COTTON:  Prices  are  quoted  $  to  4  mace  under  those  of  10  Bombay,  I  is  TtohBe  salests;.2  are  Benstg4atled  a  2  6.?  to  6t4  of  confidence  arm  ras,  7.6  is  to  8"
