text
"MURDER  AT  YORK.  YORK,  WEDNESDAY.—Last  evening  a  shocking  murder  '•••••  r—p.trated  in  this  city.  Mr.  John  Hall,  of  Swaintain,  New.  Inn,  near  &amp;arum,  -«  York.  iattending  . STYLE=superscript  the  great  Christruas  horse  show.  On  Tuesday  evening,  between  o  ...a  6  o'clock,  being  in  liquor,  he  fell  into  the  company  of  two  loose  girls,  who  induced  him  to  accompany  them  to  the  King's  Staith,  a  dark,  lonely  place,  near  the  river  Ouse.  A  little  be before  fore before  6  o'clock,  a  man  named  Sargent  saw  Mr.  Hall  with  these  two  girls,  'who  were  shoving  him  about,  with  .a  view,  it  is  sup supposed,  posed, supposed,  of  robbing  him,  he  having  about  £O  in  his  possession.  He  endeavoitred  to  beat  the  girls  off,  but  he  was  so  much  in intoxicated  toxicated intoxicated  as  to  be  unable  to  do  so.  Sargent  shouted  to  the  girls,  let  the  poor  man  but  they  took  no  notice  further  than  to  laugh  at  him,  and  they  persisted  in  their  attack  on  Mr.  Hall  until  they  forced  him  gradually  dovtim  to  the  water's  edge,  when  one  of  them  gave  him  a  shove,  and  he  fell  backwardsway  off  the  Staith  into  the  water.  Sargent  immediately  procured  assistance,  an  oar  was  held  out  to  the  drowning  man,  but,  on  account  of  the  state  he  was  in,  he  was  quite  unable  to  help  himself,  and  he  sunk,  and  was  sucked  in  under  a  vessel  lying  close  by  the  spot  where  he  was  knocked  into  the  water.  The  river  was  dragged  for  about  two  hours'  afterwards,  when  the  hody  was  draWn  from  the  water,  and  conveyed  to  a  public publichouse  house publichouse  in  the  neighbourhood,  where  it  was  found  that  if  the  girls  had  intended  robbing  the  deceased,  they  had  not  accom accomplished  plished accomplished  their  object,  as  there  was  taken  from  pockets  six  L  5  notes,  nineteen  sovereigns,  ss.  6d.  in  silver,  and  some  copper,  As  soon  as  the  girls  had  pushed  the  deceased  into  the  water.  they  ran  off;  and  from  a  description  given  of  them  by  Sargent,  Isabella  Canipbell,  of  Berwick-upon-Tweed,  and  Caroline  Nicholson,  of  Middle  Water-lane,  York,  were  shortly  after after!midi  !midi after!midi  apprehended  not  far  from  the  scene  of  the  catastrophe;  they  hosing  just  emerged  from  a  a...-ahop.  at  noon,  the,  prisoners  were  brought  up  for  examina examination  tion examination  before  the  magistrates  at  the  Guildhall,  when  the  above  facts  were  given  in  evidence,  and  the  girls  were  remanded.  The  meeting  separated,  after  the  usual  vote  of  thanks  to  he  chairman.  !  There  were  64  patients  in  the  Northern  Hospital  on  the  .21st.  In  the  week  previous,  35  patients,were  entered,  and  45  were  cured.  ARMY  RELIEFS  —The  reserve  battalion  12th  and  the  91st  regiment,  are  to  return  home  from  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope.  —j-The  99th  regiment  is  also  to  return  to  England  from  Van  Diemen's  Laud.—The  Ist  battalion  12th  regiment,  and  the  46th  regiment  will  replace  the  99th  regiment  in,  Van  Die Diemen's  men's Diemen's  Land.  —The  service  companies  21st  regiment,  will  relieve  the  91st  regiment,  .and  the  'service,  companies,634  regiment  will  relieve  the  reserve  battalion  12th  regiment,  at  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope.  —The  four,  regiments  intended  for  service  ,in  Witt  arc  not  to  b?  :,angrnented  ;  tlnt4tke  e  '  - STYLE=superscript  usual  time  Of  sending  troops  to  India;"
