text
"SHARE  MARKETS.-YESTERDAY.  LIVERPOOL.—The  market  was  a  very  bad  one,  and  the  tendency  of  shares  was  to  recede  considerably,  almost  all  Railway  stocks  having  been  so  affected,  in  some  cases  to  a  considerable  extent.  Caledonian,  27&amp;  2N  ;  Eastern  Coun Counties,  ties, Counties,  13  ;  London  and  North  Western,  104  ;  Midland,  63  ;  North  British,  7.16.3  s  ;  South  Eastern  Stock,  18k.  MANCHESTER.—To-day  the  following  were  the  sales  :  Caledonian,  271;  Cork,  Blackrock,  and  Passage,  x.d.  ;  Eastern  Counties,  13k;  East  Lancnshire,  167  1  1  ;  Kendal  and  Windermere,  13  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  ;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshi  re  ,  674  7;  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincoln,  23;  Midland  Railway  Consols,  631  3  k  ;  South  Eastern,  182  7-16  t.  THE  LATE  ROBBERY  AT  A  SILK  WAREHOUSE  IN  ALBERT ALBERTSTREET,  STREET, ALBERTSTREET,  MANCHESTER.—  It  will  be  remembered,  that  about  two  months  ago,  a  silk  warehouse  in  Albert-street  was  entered  early  on  a  Sunday  morning,  by  a  number  of  men,  who  effected  an  entrance  into  the  premises  by  means  of  a  boat  which  they  had  stolen  from  a  wharf  in  the  neighbourhood,  and  that  they  stole  therefrom  a  quantity  of  silk,  the  value  of  which  was  up upwards  wards upwards  of  £lOO.  The  silk  was  removed  in  a  cart  to  the  house  of  a  person  named  Walker,  a  weaver,  at  Collyhurst.  The  re receiver  ceiver receiver  of  the  goods,  and  other  four  persons,  were  apprehended  and  brought  before  the  magistrates  on  a  charge  of  belng  con concerned  cerned concerned  in  the  commission  of  the  robbery.  One  was  discharged,  and  the  other  four  were  committed  and  tried,  and  convicted  at  the  last  sessions;  three  of  them  for  breaking  into  the  warehouse  and  stealing  the  silk,  and  the  other,  Walker,  living  at  Colly Collyhurst,  hurst, Collyhurst,  for  receiving  the  property  knowing  it  to  have  been  stolen.  Yesterday  morning,  at  the  Manchester  city  police-court,  a  person  named  Michael  Mayan,  was  brought  up  before  the  magistrates  on  a  charge  preferred  against  him  by  Inspector  Mayhury,  of  being  one  of  the  persons  who  broke  into  the  warehouse  and  aided  in  the  commission  of  the  robbery.  On  the  application  of  the  inspector,  the  case  was  remanded  to  Fri Friday,  day, Friday,"
