text
"NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  GENERAL  PRINTING  ESTABLISHMENT,  19,  SOUTH  JOHN  STREET,  LIVERPOOL,  CHARLES  WILLMER,  P'ROPRIETOR,  LIST  OF  CA  II  PRICES.  Size  POSTING  BILLS.  Per  100.  Per  1000  Demy,  21,1  inches  by  18,  in  one  colour'...  5s  6d..  42  10s.  Od,  Ditto  ditto  in  two  colours...7s.  Od..  £3  ss.  Od,  Double  Crown,  30  inches  by  20,  in  one  c010ur....65.  6d..  £3  Os.  Od,  Ditto  ditto  In  two  colours..  Bs.  Od..  Je3  lie.  Od,  Double  Demy,  36  inches  by  2*,  In  one  colour...  Bs.  Od..  '3  10t.  Od.  Ditto  ditto  in  two  colours..  9s.  6d..  £4  ss.  Od  25  Six-sheet  Double  Demy  bids,  In  one  c010ur....  £0  19s.  Od.  50  Ditto  ditto  in  one  c010ur....  Jet  9s.  Od.  .  25  Ditto  ditto  in  two  c010ur5.....el  2s.  6d.  50  Ditto  ditto  In  two  colours.  ....el  125.  6d.  Block  bills,  one  colour  .  .  .is.  per  100  extra.  Ditto  two  colours..  .  ls.  6d.  ditto.  SHIP  BROKERS'  CARDS.  Per  100.  Small,  2.i  inches  by  3i,  in  one  colour  ....  Is.  6d.  Ditto,  ditto,  in  two  c010ur5.......2  5  .  Od.  Large  '  3  inchrs_by  4i,  in  one  colour  ....  2s.  Od.  Ditto,  ditto,  in  two  colours..  2s.  6d.  Double  Small,  3i  inches  by  5,  in  one  colour  ...  2s.  6d.  Ditto,  ditto,  in  two  colours  3s.  Od.  Double  Large,  6  Inches  by  41,  in  cne  colour  3s.  6  ,3 STYLE=superscript  .  Ditto,  i  4 STYLE=superscript  itto,  in  two  colours.  4s.  Od.  BUSINESS  CARDS.  Small  Size,  2i  inches  by  31,  100,  is.  6d.  ;  250,  3s.  :6d.;  . STYLE=superscript  500,  7s.  ;  1060,  12s.  6d.  CIRCULARS.  For  100.  For  250.  For  500.  For  1000.  Note  size,  single..  Ditto,  with  blank  fly-leaf  2s.  ed...  33.  6d...  64.  1d...  I  Is.  ed.  Letter  size,  single  Ditto,  with  blank  fly-leaf  3s.  3d...  7s.  0d...  125.  1d...  20s.  Od.  ARRANGEAIENTS  of  ACCOUNTS  and  MONEY  REALISED  on  all  kinds  of  Goods,  upon  which  advances  may  be  had  when  required.  VALUATIONS  and  PUBLIC  AUCTIONS  conducted  upon  the  most  effective  and  econo economical  mical economical  terms.—Apply  at  Nos.  10  and  12  Slater-street,  Bold-street,  Liverpool.  Hours  of  Business  10  to  4  o'clock.  DANIEL  MYERS  &amp;  CO.,  Auctioneers  and  Appraisers,  HAND  BILLS.  For  500.  For  1000.  For  5000.  Double  Crown  16rno.  7i  Inches  by  5..  3s  6d....  Os  6d....  159  Od,  Ditto,  Svo.  10  inches  by  74,  5s  6d...  .91;  0d....  225  6d,  THE  ABOVE  PRICES  ARE  FOR  CAS  H  PAYMENTS.  BROKERS'  WEEKLY  CIRCULARS,  CATALOGUES,  &amp;c.,  Executed  with  the  greatest  accuracy  and  despatch,  at  the,  Lowest  Possible  Prices.  REPORTS  OF  'MEETINGS,  SERMONS,  W  PAMPITETS,  AND  EVERY  DESCRIPTIA STYLE=superscript  N  OF  BOOKORK,  B:c.,  dre.  AT  TRIMS  EQUALLY  MODERATE,  And  finished  In  a  style  not  surpused  by  any  other  hone  .  TETLEY'S  EAST  INDIA  PALE  ALE.---  The  attention  of  Hotel  Keepers,  and  of  the  Trade  generally  in  Liverpool,  is  respectfully  invited  to  TETLEY'S  EAST  IN  DIA  PALg  ALE,  which  has  established  a  first-rate  reputation  in  the  Metropolis,  and  will  be  found  to  compare  advantageously  both  in  quality  and  palg  with  the  finest  brands,  without  exception,  to  b:•  found  in  the  market.  .  -  -  Reference  is  requested  to  the  following  Extracts  from  Professor  Musora't's  Work  on  Chemistry,  noticed  in  the  Glasgow  Herald,  August  28th,  1854  _  Chemistry.  Theoretical,  Practical,  and  Analytical,  as  applied  to  the  Arts  and  Manufactures.  By  Or.  Mnspratt,  F.R.S.E  ,  M.8.1.A.  Parts  6to  9  inclusive.  G:asgow  :  William  Mackenzie.  The  following  extract  upon  a  popular  subject  may  be  interesting  to  our  readers  :  Pale  or  East  India  Ale  is  nothing  more  than  beer  made  from  worts  extracted  from  the  palest  malt  and  boiled  with  the  palest  and  best  hops.  Every  attention  is  given  to  the  selection  of  these  materials,  in  order  to  ensure  the  pale  colour  peculiar  to  this  ale.  only  localities  where  this  excellent  beverage  is  produced  In  I  , STYLE=superscript  rge  quantities  ar.  Burton,  London,  Glasgow  ,  and  Leeds.  In  the  latter  place  a  very  lar,  e  quantity  of  Pale  Ale  has  for  some  years  been  brewed  by  Messrs.  l'et!ey  and  Son.  SOLE  AGENT  IN  LIVERPOOL,  MR.  W.  W.  DORRINGTON,  NORTH  JOHN-STRZET;  RUBY,  RAINIIILL,  ROCK  FERRY,  To  Order,  left  or  sent  by  Post,  to  the  Undersigned,  23,  CASTLE-STREET,  LIVERPOOL;  Or  to  the  following  Yards  and  Offices  :—viz.,  11,  CROWN  TREET,  Liverpool  ;  EGEIITON  DOCK  QUAY,  Birkenhead  DEMEAN  -STREET,  Seacombe.  23,  Castle-street,  Liverpool  W.  &amp;  H.  LAIRD.  I-IF,  LEEDS  TIMES.  INCREASE  OF  ClRCULATlON—averaging  from  9,000  to  10,000  Copies  Weekly.  'the  ',Reps  'rim  as  is  now  at  the  head  of  all  the  Yorkshire  weekly  journals,  one  of  the  best  family  papers,  and  an  excellent  medium  for  advert  P.S  —Copy  forwarded  on  receipt  of  four  damps  PARLIAMENTARY  STAMP  RETURNS  FOR  THE  YEAR  1854.  PRESTON  GUARDIAN  Preston  Chronicle..  Preston  Pilot  Lancaster  Guardian  l.ancaster  Gazette  U  iverston  Advertiser  Blackburn  Standard  .  ~  379,000  92,060  48,000  48,000  41.500  71,000  ---  329,500  It  will  be  seen  from  the  above  that  the  number  of  stamps  issued  to  .  .  the  Guardian  exceeded  by  49,500  the  number  issued  to  all  the  other  papers  in  Nor.L  Lancashire  added  together.  THE  PREPAID  CHARGES  for  Advertising  in  the  PRESTON  GUARDIAN  are.—  4  Lines,  or  30  Words,  Is  6d,  if  prepaid,  S  Lines,  or  60  Words,  2s  Od,  if  prepaid  Advertisess  will  do  well  to  remember  that  no  Advertisements,  however  short,  are  received  on  credit  vender  2s  6d  each,  it  being  impossible  to  open  accounts  for  such  small  sums  and  collect  the  amounts  without  an  extra  charge.  Parties  residing  out  of  Preston  may  remit  accounts  of  lOs  and  under  in  postage  stamps;  above  that  amount  by  Post-office  order,  deducting  cost  of  order.  Agents  out  of  Preston  must  prepay  all  advertisements  which  they  wish  to  Le  inserted  at  the  prepaid  rates  otherwise  they  will  be  charged  creat  prices  GUARDIAN-OFFICE,  11.  FISIIERGATE,  PRESTeri  NORTH  LANCASHIRE.  THE  PRESTON  CHRONICLE,  which  hag  been  established  upwards  of  40  years,  has  a  large  circulation  among  all  classes  in  the  towns  of  Preston,  Blackburn,  Duwen,  Clithcroe,  Accrington,  Padiham,  Haslingden,  Fleetwood,  Kirkham,  Poulton,  Blaclipool.  Lytham,  Garstang,  Lancaster,  Chor.  ley,  Wigan,  Ormskirk,  Southport,  &amp;c.  &amp;c.,  as  well  as  among  the  agricultural  population  of  the  Fylde  and  West  Lancashire,  and  the  magistracy  and  gentry  of  the  entire  county,  especially  among  those  of  the  northern  division.  The  Chronicle  is  thus  an  excellent  medium  for  advertisements,  which  are  Inserted  on  moderate  terms,  the  wh.  le  amount  of  t  h  e  d  uty  being  allowed  to  the  public.  In  order  to  afford  facilities  to  a  large  class  whom  the  comparatively  high  prices  of  advertisements  have  hitherto  pi  ohibited  from  availing  a  em..  selves  of  the  best  way  of  mating  their  wants  known,  an  advertise advertisement  ment advertisement  in  the  newspaper  is  charged  only  Is.  6d.  for  advertisements  of  four  lines,  or  not  more  than  30  words  ;  and  2s.  for  eight  lines,  or  60  words,  when  paid  in  advance.  The  scale  of  words  is  adopted  to  allow  persons  at  a  distance  to  accompany  their  orders  for  advertise..  ments  with  remittances  of  postage  stamps.  Several  applications  hsvmg  been  made  for  a  scale  of  charges  for  small  advertisements  to  appear  weekly,  to  allow  of  tradesmen  and.  others  keeping  their  addresses  or  other  announcements  regularly  before  the  public,  we  are  induced  to  adopt  the  following  very  low  scale  of  charges  for  such  advertisements,  when  paid  quarterly,  in.  advanco:  --  2  lines  3  and  4  „  5  and  6  ~  7  and  8  „  9  and  I  0  „  11  and  12  „  Published  by  Dobson  and  Son,  Preston  ...les  for  13  insertions  ...  13s  for  lf  ...  16s  for  ,  1  .  ..  19s  for  7.  ...  22s  for  11  ...  25s  for  THE  NORTII  WALES  CHRONICLE,  and  Advertiser  for  the  Principalities.  Published  at  Bangor,  every  FRIDAY  EVENING  in  time  for  the  early  posts  and  extensivelycirculated  every  SATURDAY  MORNING,  through.  out  the  Six  Northern  Counties,  in  Cardiganshire,  and  in  England,  Ireland,  and  Scotland,  is  the  best  medium  for  the  Publication  of  Advertisements,  being  read  by  all  parties,  on  account  of  the  spirited  and  independent  tone  of  its  Leading  Articles,  the  extent  ana  accu accuracy  racy accuracy  of  its  Local  Reports,  and  the  variety  and  comprehensiveness  of  its  Foreign  and  Domestic  Intelligence,  its  Original  Correspondence,  its  reliaLle  accounts  of  the  Corn  and  Cattle  Markets,  and  other  infor information  mation information  suitable  to  the  great  interests  of  the  Country;  and  circulating  chiefly  amongst  the  'classes  who  have  property  to  dispose  of  and  ability  to  purchase.  Offensive  Medical  Advertisements  are  excluded  from  its  columns.  The  charges  for  prepaid  Advertisements  are—two  lines  Is.;  three  lines,  Is.  6d.;  six  lines.  25.;  nine  lines,  2s.  6d.  ;  twelve  lines,  Bs.;  fifteen  lines,  3s.  6d.  ;  eighteen  lines,  45.;  twenty-one  lines,  4s.  6d.;  and  6d.  for  every  two  lines  additional.  The  NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE  Was  established  in  the  year  I  826,  and  is  therefore  the  oldest  paper  in  the  district,  and  bas  beta  very  greatly  enlarged  and  improved.  The  price  of  di',  NORTH'  WALES  CHRONICLE,  unstamped,  to  be  had  at  the  office  hi  Bangor  only,  is  33d.  ;  stamped,  to  be  had  of  the  agents  in  the  various  towns,  or  directed  to  any  place,  4id.l.et  copy;  nineteen  shillogs  and  sixpence  per  annum,  in  advance;  twenty-one  shillings  per  annum  on  credit.  The  NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE  is  duly  registered  at  the  Post-office  for  all  postal  privileges.  Ordersand  Advertisements  are  respectfully  solicited  by  AUGUSTUS  ROBERT  MARTIN,  Proprietor,  To  whom  all  Bank  and  Post-office  orders  sho  Id  he  made  P  a  yable  pecular  excelence  of  the  silos  of  the  Messrs.  Tetley,  like  BRITISH  DAILY  MAIL  those  of  Burton—both  of  the  let  er  of  which  were  analysed  by  the  editor.  as  also:  the  waters  used  in  their  preparation—is  their  T'  '  NORTH  remarkable  keeping  quality,  and  their  retention  of  that  deli delicate  cate delicate  flavour  of  the  hops,  so  otten  lost  by  the  pale  ale  brewer,  not-  TWOPENCE,  UN  STAMPED  ;  TIIREEPENCE,  STAMPED  The  DAILY  MAIL  contains  all  the  News  of  the  days  withstanding  his  utmost  efforts  to  secure  it.  This,  of  course,  else:  from  the  near  approach  made  in  their  practice  to  the  theory.  th  a  t  low  fermenting  heat  can  alone  preserve  the  beer  from  t  he  condensed  and  selected  from  the  principal  newspapers,  as  taneous  formation  of  the  acetic  acid  with  the  a'  c STYLE=superscript  degree  of  heat  o  n  I  and  their  well  as  correspondence  from  the  various  districts  of  the  recognition  of  the  fact  that  72°  Fahr..is  the  highest  kt  i  s  well  but.  known,  hitherto  ha  s  thereven  t  country.  devoted  an  T  a  o  Local  News  contains  s  s  e  o  x  f  e  e  l  v  u  e  s  r  iv  y  e  k  ly  ind  th  a  e  l  L  a  a  rg  te  e  st  sp  i  a  n  c  t  e  en  i  i  s  .  that  can  be  clEperVed  upon.  Brewing',  long  carried  on  in  Bavaria  on  .  th  ese  principle.;  has  existed  an  insuperable  objection  to  their  adoption  by  the  more  Bence  from  all  parts  of  the  Continent  received  by  Submarine  this  country,  on  account  of  the  great  length  of  extensive  firm STYLE=superscript  Telegraph,  generally  a  day  in  advance  of  other  papers  time  required  s STYLE=superscript  for  ' STYLE=superscript  pe  s STYLE=superscript  rfect  attenuation.  This  difficulty,  h  owever,  It  has  been  for  some  years  the  leading  and  most  influentia  would  appear  to  be  at  length  ow  rcome,  the  fermentations  being  ' STYLE=superscript  now  finish°  tin  as  short  a  time  as  by  th STYLE=superscript  e  old  mod  .+  :  the  hop  fl  avour  J  ourna  l  i  n  t  h  e  W  est  of  Scotland,  and  has  at  present  a  eir•  s  also  preserved,  and  indeed  it  may  be  safely  asserted  that  its  deli-  ciliation  greater  than  that  of  some  of  the  London  Alornirg  cate  aroma  is  never  more  surely  destroyed  t  h  an  by  high  and  tur turbulent  bulent turbulent  fermentation.  Journals  ;  but  as  a  large  increase  will  result  fromth  dve  er  r  :e  ~  This  new  process  of  brewing  pale  al  e  h  as  a  l  so  the  advantage  of  ducti  on  i  n  p  r  i  ce,  no  b  et  t  er  med  i  um  ex  i  sts  for  suc  h  A  affording  greater  purity  of  fragrance,  it  being  well  known  that  the  di  s  solution  of  balm  by  alcohol,  the  resu  l  t  of  which  may  often  be  tisements  as  are  addressed  to  the  wealthy  al  influential  classes  of  Glasgow,  and  the  wide-spread,  populousnti  u  detected  by  the  yea  , STYLE=superscript  ty  flavour  of  t  h  e  ale,  is  much  accelerated  by  manufacturing  districts  around  and  dependent  upon  the  high  temperatures.  Good  water,  r,  s  previously  stated,  is  indispen indispensable  sable indispensable  in  a  brewery,  for  sound  al  e  cannot  be  brewed  with  water  not  western  Capital.  adapted  for  the  purpose.  The  water  at  the  brewery  of  Messrs.  to  but  if  the  send  the  DAILY  To  all  places  where  Railwaybenladoer  Steamboat STYLE=superscript  facilities  ex expost-office  post-office expost-office  is  ust  d  Tetley  is  similar  in  constitution  to  the  Burton  water.  as  will  be  seen  ,  tend,  arrangements  will  on  reference  to  the  analysis  of  it,  by  the  editor,  at  page  .  IN  .  I  . STYLE=superscript  AIL  in  parcels,..  UnstamPed  ;  must  be  stamped,  which  will,  The  fact  of  these  Ales  successfully  comting  with  the  very  finest  for  transmission,  the  Papers  .  brands  may  be  substantiated  by  reference  to  the  number  of  fires-class  ,  however,  entitle  them  to  retransmission  as  often  as  desired  houses  in  London,  to  which  it  is  supplied.  A  list  of  them  will  be  for  a  limited  period  after STYLE=superscript  Publication.  of  the  NORTH  BRITISH  DAILY  MAIL  furnished,  on  application  to  the  Liverpool  agent,  of  whom  a  list  can  also  be  procured  of  the  leading  houses  •  the  •  price  in  provinces,  where  The  Will  be—  Tetley's  Pale  Ale  may  be  obtained,  either  in  bottle  or  in  draught.  The  Brewery,  Leeds.  ---  LIST  OF  STORES.  L0ND0N.........  169,  Upper  Than  es-street.  DUBLIN  .......  .....  60,  Middle  Abbey-street.  YORK  Swinegate.  MANCHESTER  26,  Blackfriars.  BIRMINGHAM  Castle-street.  LIVERPOOL  ..  ....  —3,  Exchange-street  West  Stamped,  -  For  a  Quarter  ,„ STYLE=superscript  In  Advance-.  0  a  Half-  __...215.  6d.  2o STYLE=superscript  cyear,  ..._  ....265.  43s.  4 STYLE=superscript  os.  )  „  a  Year,  .....  ...  575.  .  ..  ..525.  B6s.  A  first-class  Daily  Paper  can  thus  be  had  for  a  shillitig  a  week,  and  to  a  club  of  four  the  cost  will  be  only  thres.  pence  each.  Orders  received  at  the  NAIL  Offices Offices-102  -102 Offices-102  to  114,  UNION  STREET,  GLASGOW.  li4,  SOUTH  ST  ANDREW  STREET,  EIHNBURGII  And  by  all  Countri  News-agent*.  Unstamped,  In  Advance.  ..14s.  6d  •  135...."
