text
"LONDON  GAZETTE.-TIIESDAY.  BANKRUPTS.--Jorix  TODD  MERRICK,  Chancellor-road,  Hammersmith,  and  St.  George's-place,  Walworth-road,  builder.  EDWARD  HOOKER,  late  of  Birchinger,  Essex,  and  now  of  Park-road,  West  Kent-park,  Forest-hill,  Sydenham,  contractor  and  builder.  GEORGE  BROWN  and  WILLIAM  RUSLEY,  Bankside,  Southwark,  and  Idle,  Yorkshire,  stone  merchants  and  quarrymen.  JOHN  PEE  ASTLEY,  Abbotts,  Salop,  publican  and  blacksmith.  GEORGE  HATT,  New  Park-street,  Southwark,  cowkeeper,  dairyman,  and  green.  grocer.  Wm.  CORBETT,  East  Dean,  and  Newnham,  Glou Gloucestershire,  cestershire, Gloucestershire,  coal  merchant  and  coke  manufacturer.  JAMES  FRASER,  Lower  Thames-street,  wine,  spirit,  and  beer  mer merchant.  chant. merchant.  THOMAS  WOODHOUSE,  ELIJAH  WOODHOUSE,  and  SAMUEL  WOODHOUSE,  Sheffield,  saw  manufacturer.  ROBERT  FORSHAW,  Liverpool,  coal  dealer,  and  beer  seller.  EDWIN  WINSCOM,  Croydon,  pianoforte  dealer.  CHARLES  LUMLEY,  Knaresborough,  Yorkshiie,  gardener,  seedsman  and  fruiterer.  THE  SCOTCH  EDUCATION  BILL.-A  Dumfries  cotempo cotemporary  rary cotemporary  states  that  the  Lord  Advocate  will  reintroduce  his  Education  Bill  in  the  approaching  session.  '  , STYLE=superscript  Letters  received  in  Paris  from  the  Sandwich  Isles,  state  that  the  Espadon  (French  whaler)  had  been  chased  for  two  days  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  Kurilles  Islands,  by  a  Russian  corverte  which  she  escaped  from  in  a  snow  storm.  MR.  CODDEN.—Were  Mr.  Cobden  to  ask  us,  What  next  in  reference  to  himself,  we  should  reply,  Resign  yonr  seat  for  the  West  Riding  of  Yorkshire,  the  opinion  of  whose  inhabitants  you  no  longer  Sheffield  7imes.  THE  ASSISTANT  JUDGE  OF  MIDDLESEX  SESSIONS.—It  was  yesterday  reported  in  the  legal  circles  that  Mr.  Phinn,  Q.C.,  would  be  appointed  the  Assistant  Judge  of  the  Middlesex  Sessions  in  the  room  of  Mr.  Serjeant  Adams.  The  salary  is  £1,200.  The  Calcutta  papers  have  for  some  time  contained  the  announcement  that  a  plentiful  supply  of  the  third  and  fourth  volumes  of  Macauley's  History  will  be  on  sale  early  in  the  year,  at  the  price  of  sixteen  rupees,  or  325,  and  that  copies  will  be  forwarded  to  out  stations  in  the  Mofussil  for  seventeen  rupees,  including  postage  and  picking.  UNIVERSITY  INTELLIGENCE.--CAMBRIDG  E  ,  JAN.  14.  In  the  College  Chapel,  this  day,  the  Rev.;Edward  Atkinson,  8.D.,  was  elected  to  the  vacant  mastership  of  Clare-hall,  by  the  vote  of  eighteen  out  of  the  nineteen  fellows  of  which  the  society  consists.  The  want  of  unanimity  on  the  present  occasion,  was  in  consequence  of  one  of  the  Fellows  voting  for  himself.  The  Gazette  de  Dusseldorf  states  that  the  King  of  Prussia  has  addressed  a  letter  to  :General  de  Wrangel,  through  the  Minister  of  War,  blaming  him  strongly  for  having  attended  a  Te  Deum,  celebrated  at  the  hotel  of  the  Russian  Legation,  at  Berlin,  in  celebration  of  the  taking  of  Kars.  The  act  is  declared  to  be  highly  incon 'inconvenient,'  and  iucompatible  with  the  General's  military  position.  THE  DANIIIIE.—By  a  telegraphic  from  Galatz  of  the  31st  Dec.,  we  learn  that  the  ice  in  the  Danube  had  become  firm,  and  at  that  place  and  Ibralia  about  50  ships  were  frozen  in,  as  well  as  all  the  others  between  those  places  and  Sulina.  At  the  Sulina  mouth  there  were  lying  between  400  and  500  vessels,  which,  in  consequence  of  a  deficiency  of  lighters,  and  contrary  winds,  could  not  get  to  sea.  CASE  OF  HARDSHIP  THE  FORBES  MACKENZIE  ACT.  In  the  storm  of  the  night  of  Tuesday,  the  18th  ult.,  at  about  ten  o'clock,  the  schooner  Ellen,  of  Wisbeach,  was  cast  ashore  at  the  entrance  of  the  Tay.  At  the  moment  she  struc%:  a  poor  boy  was  washed  away  and  perished,  and  after  a  time  the  master,  mate,  and  two  hand]  succeeded  in  gaining  the  inhospitable  shore,  and  made  for  the  lights  on  the  railway.  Unfortunately  it  was  past  eleven  o'clock  before  they  were  able  to  claim  admittance  at  the  door  of  an  inn,  where  they  were  refused  admittance,  and  an  application  at  other  houses  of  so-called  entertainment,  these  unprofitable  customers  were  In  fact,  in  Carnoustie  the  law  is  so  rigorously  observed  that  it  was  three  hours  before  these  poor  half-drowned  perishing  strangers  received  that  shelter  they  thought  they  had  a  right  to  expect  in  a  Christian  land.  At  last,  it  appears,  they  fell  into  the  hands  of  one  who  con considered  sidered considered  them  to  be  both  bona  fide  travellers  and  bona  fide  and,  regardless  of  the  law,  took  them  in  and  made  them  as  comfortable  as  his  circumstances  would  allow.—N.  B.  Mail."
