text
"MANSLAUGHTER  AT  LIVERPOOL.  Evan  Hughes,  43,  was  charged  with  having  at  Liverpool  feloniously,  wilfully,  and  unlawfully  killed  and  slain  Joseph  Royle.  On  being  called  upon  to  plead,  the  prisoner  guilty  of  pushing  him,  but  not  to  kill  The  plea  of  gu  ilty  was  taken,  and  the  prisoner  was  ordered  to  stand  down.  At  a  later  part  of  the  day  the  prisoner  was  again  placed  at  the  bar,  when,  111  r.  ASPINALL,  who  appeared  on  behalf  of  the  prisoner,  said  his  lordship  would  perceive  by  the  depositions,  that  i  n  the  present  case,  the  prisoner  had  applied  to  the  deceased  for  payment  of  a  small  debt,  which  had  been  owing  for  some  time,  and  that  in  a  few  hours  after  making  this  appli application  cation application  they  met  at  a  public  house,  and  both  being  in  a  state  of  intoxication,  the  prisoner,  by  a  push,  knocked  the  de deceased  ceased deceased  down.  There  were  several  extenuating  circumstances  in  the  case.  lie  had  several  witnesses  who  would  speak  to  the  character  of  the  prisoner.  Mr.  Roberts,  joiner,  was  then  called,  and  stated  that  the  prisoner  had  been  in  his  employment  for  twenty  years,  and  during  the  whole  of  that  time  he  had  also  found  him  an  honest  and  steady  man.  Mr.  Councillor  : STYLE=superscript  Picton  was  also  present  to  speak  in  th  e  prisoner's  favor,  but  his  lordship  said  it  was  not  necessary.  His  LORDSHIP,  in  passing  sentence,  remarked  on  the  peculiar  circumstances  under  which  the  offence  c  h  arge  d  h  a  d  been  committed.  At  the  same  time  one  could  not  but  lament  that  it  had  been  the  cause  of  .  the  death  of  a  p  erson  with  whom  the  prisoner  was  acquainted.  He  (the  •judge)  had  no  doubt  the  prisoner  was  sorry  .  for  what  lie  had  done.  It  showed  very  much  how  necessary  it  was  for  all  of  us  to  keep  our  anger  under.  But  taking  into  that  the  prisoner  had  been  provoked  to  do  what  he  did,  and  under  the  circumstances  that  the  blow  upon  the  deceased  was  inflicted  with  the  fist,  the  judgment  of  the  court  was  that  he  be  imprisoned  one  week  in  solitary  confinement.  BURGLARY  AT  BURY.  Josiah  Ainsworth,  .53,  was  charged  with  having  at  Bury,  on  the  4th  of  September  last,  burglariouslv  broken  into  and  entered  the  dwellin  g  h  ouse  o  f  M  rs.  Hine,  'Princess.street,  in  Bury,  and  stolen  therefrom  one  jacket,  the  property  of  Ashton  Hine,  and  one  waistcoat,  the  property  of  Thomas  Gleeson.  The  facts  of  the  case  were  briefly  these.  The  prisoner  was  formerly  in  the  employment  of  the  prosecutrix,  who  ke4ps  a  beer-house  in  Bury.  On  the  night  of  the  4th  of  September  they  went  to  bed,  leaving  all  as  they  thought  safe.  On  the  following  morning  they  discovered  that  the  house  had  been  entered,  and  the  stolen  articles  taken  away.  A  few  days  afterwards  the  waistcoat  was  found  by  Gleeson,  on  the'prisoner's  person,  on  which  he  was  taken  into  custody.  On  the  prisoner's  house  being  searched  the  coat  was  also  found  there.  Evidence,  as  above,  having  been  given,  the  prisoner  was  found  guilty  and  sentenced  to  twelve  months'  imprison imprisonment  ment imprisonment  with  hard  labour.  STABBING  AT  STRETFORD.  Tames  Barlow,  26,  was  charged  with  having,  at  Stretford,  on  Sunday,  the  11th  of  September,  feloniously  stabbed  and  wounded  William  Garner,  with  intent  to  do  do  him  some  grievous  bodily  harm.  Mr  OWENS  appeared  on  behalf  of  the  prosecution.  The  prisoner  was  undefended.  The  prosecutor  is  a  boatman,  and  on  the  evening  of  the  11th  of  September  he  had  come  with  a  boat,  on  the  canal  from  Leigh  to  Stretford.  On  arriving  at  Stretford,  ho  went  into  the  Dog  and  Partridge  there  to  get  some  refreshment.  lie  ordered  a  pint  of  ale,  which  was  brought  to  him.  The  prisoner  and  several  other  persons  were  in  the  room.  Soon  after  the  ale  was  brought  in,  the  prisoner  took  hold  of  it  and  poured  a  portion  - STYLE=superscript  of  it  into  his  own  mug,  on  which  prosecutor  complained,  and  they  had  some  words.  Sometime  afterwards  the  prisoner  became  noisy,  and  was  turned  out  of  the  house.  The  prosectitor  was  standing  near  the  house  at  the  time,  and  the  prisoner  ran  up  to  him,  and  stabbed  him.  It  was  found  that  prose prosecutor  cutor prosecutor  was  wounded  in  two  places,  and  he  was  conveyed  to  the  Manchester  infirmary.  Several  witnesses  were  called  in  support  of  the  prosecu prosecution,  tion, prosecution,  including  the  house  surgeon  of  the  Manchester  infir infirmary,  mary, infirmary,  who  deposed  to  the  serious  nature  of  the  wounds  the  prosecutor  had  received.  The  prisoner  was  found  guilty.  Sentence  deferred.  ROBBERY  WITH  VIOLENCE  AT  LIVERPOOL.  Jane  Hickson,  17,  John  Clarke,  21,  William  Dirks,lB,  and  ilfichael  Flynn,  19,  were  charged  with  having,  at  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  on  the  evening  of  the  2nd  of  November,  feloniously  assaulted  Michael  Malley,  and  violently  stealing  from  his  person  two  half-crowns  and  other  monies,  and  one  hat,  and  that  immediately  before,  and  at  the  time  of  the  said  rohbery,  they  did  feloniously  strike  and  beat  the  said  Michael  Malley.  Mr.  PRESTON  prosecuted,  and  Mr.  FOWLER  defended  the  prisoners  Flynn  and  Wilkes.  The  other  prisoners  were  un undefended.  defended. undefended.  The  learned  counsel  for  the  prosecution  stated  that  the  prosecutor,  who  is  a  pensioner,  residing  at  Preston,  came  over  to  Liverpool  on  the  2nd  of  November  last,  to  see  a  friend  off  to  Ireland.  Between  eight  and  nine  o'clock  in  the  evening,  the  prosecutor  was  walking  along  Great  Howard Howardstreet,  street, Howardstreet,  when  the  female  prisoner  came  up  to  him,  and  he  went  ;with  her  out  of  Great  Howard-street  into  Vulcan Vulcanstreet.  street. Vulcanstreet.  Almost  as  soon  as  he  had  got  into  Vulcan-street,  the  three  male  prisoners  rushed  up  to  him.  One  of  them  got  hold  of  the  prosecutor,  whilst  another—he  believed  Clarke,  seized  him  by  the  throat,  and  he  was  then  knocked  down,  and  Wilkes  kicked  him  in  the  eye.  Flynn  held  him  down  while  the  others  still  kicked  and  struck  him,  and  in  this  position  lie  cried  out  when  all  the  prisoners  ran  away.  When  the  prlseentor  recovered  himself  he  found  that  he  had  been  robbed,  and  the  female  prisoner  and  Clarke  were  taken  into  custody  the  earns  evening.  The  prisoners  Flynn  and  Wilkes  were  arrested  and  taken  into  custody  in  the  police  court  the  following  morning.  In  his  examination,  the  prosecutor  Malley  swore  distinctly  to  the  identity  of  all  the  prisoners.  Mr.  Jacob  . STYLE=superscript  '  Samuel,  outfitter,  122,  Great  Howard-street,  stated  that  about  eight  o'clock  in  the  evening  he  saw  the  fe female  male female  prisoner  and  four  men  standing,  at  the  corner  of  Vul Vulcan-street.  can-street. Vulcan-street.  He  passed  them  two  or  three  times,  and  subse subsequently  quently subsequently  he  saw  the  :prosecutor  and  the,  female  going  down  Vulcan-street,  the  four  men  following  them.  He  then  gave  information  to  a  police  officer  to  keep  his  eye  upon  them.  Shortly  .  ,afterwards  he  heard  a  cry  of  and  saw  the  female  prisoner  running  up  Vulcan-street.  He  met  her  and  gave  her  into  the  custody  of  a  police  officer.  The  prisoner  Clarke  at  that  time  came  up  to  witness,  and  said  she  was  not  the  person  who  had  committed  -  the  robbery,  on.  which  Clarke  was  also  taken  into  custody;  Mr.  SOWLEIL  addressed  the  jury  on  behalf  of  the  prisoners  Wilks  and  Flynn,  contending  that  with  regard  to  both  pri prisoners  soners prisoners  the  evidence  adduced  on  behalf  of  the  prosecution  had  entirely  failed  to  establish  their  identity.  The  learned  judge  having  summedup,  the  jury  retired,  and  after  about  half  an  hour's  absence  returned  into  court  with  a  'verdict  of  guilty  against  the  prisoners  Hickson,  Clarke,  and  Wilks,  and  acquitted  Flynn.  Sentence  deferred.  BIGAMY  AT  LIVERPOOL.  Mary  Jane  Wild,  52,  a  very  respectable  looking  female,  was  placed  in  the  dock,  charged  with  having,  at  Liv  er  pool,  feloniously  married  James  Marshall,  her  former  husband,  Joseph  Wild,  being  still  alive.  Mr.'Simorr  appeared  on  behalf  of  the  prosecution,  and  Mr.  SOWLER  defended  the  prisoner.  It  appeared  from  the  opening  .  statement  of  the  learned.  counsel  for  the  prosecution,  that  in  the  year  1837,  the  pri-,  soner,  wno  was  then  a  widow,  named  Stray,  was  introduced  to  the  family  of  Mr.  Joseph  Wild,  then  residing  at  the  Mat-'  lock  baths.  At;  this  period  Mr.  Wild's  then  wife  was  suf suffering  fering suffering  from  indisposition  ;_  and  the  prisoner  attended  upon  her  during  her  illness,  and  up  to  the  period  of  her  death,  which  took  place  in  October,  1837.  The  prisoner  remained  connected  with  Mr.  Wild's  family  after  the  death  of  his,  wife,  and  in  the  following.  October,  of  1838,  Mr.  'Wild  mar married  ried married  the  prisoner  at  the  parish,  church  of  Rotherham.  For  some  reason  or  other,  which  was  not  material  to  the  present  trial,  the  prisoner  had  not  lived  with  Mr.  'Wild  for  some  years  past  ;  and  it  appeared  that  in  the  early  part  of  the'  present  year  she  became  acquainted  with  a  person  named  James  Marshall,  residin.  at  Southport,  whom  she  mar married  ried married  in  July  last.  He  'the  learned  , STYLE=superscript  counsel)  understood  that  her  only  excuse  was,  that  she  had  not  heard  from  her  husband,  Mr.  Wild,  for  many  years,  and  that  for  anything  she  knew  to  the  contrary,  he  was  dead.  After  some  further  remarks,  the  learned  counsel  called  John  Whittle,  one  of  the  county  constabulary  force,  who  stated  that  from  instructions  which  he  had  received,  he  took  the  prisoner  into  custody  on  the  18th  of  September  last,  at  a  lodging  house  which  she  kept  at  Seaforth.  On  informing  her  of  the  charge,  on  which  he  was  taking  her,  she  said  that  it  was  twelve  years  since  she  had  heard-of  her  husband,  and  she  also  remarked  to  witness  has  that  Marshall  put  his  threat  into  execution  ?  If  he  has,  lam  glad  of  it,  for  I  have  been  tired  of  him  for  some  The  witness  then  stated,  that  after  taking  the  prisoner  into  custody,  he  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  to  Rotherham,  and  obtained  a  certificate  of  the  prisoner's  marriage  at.  the  parish  church  there,  in  , STYLE=superscript  the  year  1838,  with  Mr.  Joseph  Wild.  [The  certificate  was  here  put  in].  Margaret  Wild,  a  young  woman,  apparently  about  thirty  years  of  age,  was  the  next  witness  examined.  She  said  that  she  was  the  daughter  of  Mr.  Joseph  Wild.  Recollected  the  prisoner  being  at  her  father's  house  during  witness's  mother's  illness.  Her  mother  died  -in  October,  1837,  and  twelve  months  afterwards  her  father  was  •  married  to  the  prisoner  at  the  parish  church  of  Rotherham.  They  were  then  living  at  Matlock  baths.  Sometime  after  the  marriage  they  went  to  reside  at  Sheffield.  Remembered  seeing  the  prisoner  at  Matlock  baths  in  1843,  when  witness's  seeing  was  there.  Prisoner  must  have  seen  him  on  that  occasion.  Cross-examined  by  Mr.  SOWLER—Her  father  and  the  prisoner  had  been  separated  for  several  years.  James  Marshall,  a  man  apparently  about  fifty-five  years  of  age,  said  that  he  became  acquainted  with  the  prisoner  in  the  earlier  part  of  the  present  year,  and  on  the  18th  of  July  last,  they  were  married  at  St.  Peter's  parish  church,  Liver Liverpool.  pool. Liverpool.  Cross-examined  by  Mr.  SOWLER.  —The  prisoner  did  not  receive  a  letter  after  the  marriage  stating  that  her  former  husband  was  still  alive.  Witness  did.  Prisoner  told  him  there  was  a  letter,  and  on  the  23rd  of  July  he  went  to  the  post-office,  and  received  a  letter  to  that  effect.  The  letter  ut;  TVA  Th-s+  t.ll  hor  after  that  there  must  be  h  mistake,  as  her  former  husband  was  no  doubt  dead.  Was  not  aware  she  had  property  when  ho  married  her.  Never  saw  any.  Prisoner  did  not  tell  him  that  she  had  been  married.  Said  she  was  a  widow;  Mr.  SOWLER  then  addressed  the  jury  on  behalf  of  the  prisoner,  and  said  the  only  defence  was  that  she  believed  her  former  husband  was  dead,  and  that  she  was  at  liberty  to  marry  again.  The  fact  was,  that  after  her  marriage  with  Wild,  he  was  very  gay  and  went  away  from  home  continu continually  ally continually  for  a  long  time,  and  she  did  not  know  anything  about  him.  At  length  she  gave  him  up,  not  having  seen  or  heard  of  him  for  several  years.  Tho  prisoner  was  a  highly  respectable  woman  when  she  married  Wild.  She  was  first  married  at  eighteen  years  of  age,  in  the  year  'lBlB,  and  had  struggled  hard,  having  had  nine  children  by  her  first  husband.  The  JUDGE  :  Nine  stray  children  !  (Laughter.)  Mr.  SOWLER  :  Yes,  my  lord.  The  JUDGE  :  Well,  I  think  she  will  perhaps  like  to  go  back  again  to  the  Wild  gentleman.  Let  her  be  imprisoned  for  a  week.  The  court  rose  at  six  o'clock;  SECOND  COURT.  (Before  Mr.  Baron  MARTIN.)  The  learned  judge  took  his  seat  in  this  court  at  ten  o'clock.  FORGERY  AT  MANCIIESTER.  Lancelot  Rainforth,  43,  remanded  from  the  last  assizes,  stood  indicted  with  having,  in  the  mouth  of  February  last,  forged  a  bill  of  exchange  for  £5O.  There  was  also  a  count  in  the  indictment,  charging  him  with  uttering  the  bill  with  a  guilty  knowledge.  Mr.  MONKS  conducted  the  prosecution  ;  and  Mr.  WIIEELER  defended  tho  prisoner.  Mr.  John  Shayler,  a  silk  manufacturer,  of  Manchester,  said—l  have  known  the  prisoner  for  ten  or  twelve  years.  He  was  a  dealer  in  silk-wares,  and  I  have,  during  that  period,  had  considerable  dealings  with  him,  and  in  the  month  of  February  he  became  indebted  to  me  £5O.  He  gave  me  bill  for  £5O,  signed  by  Thomas  Morris,  and  that  was,  on  becoming  due,  dishonoured.  The  bill  was  dated  Feb.  25th,.  1853.  I  went  to  the  village  •of  Tarvin  to  look  for  kr.  Thomas  Morris,  when  I  inquired  if  there  was,  or  had  been  such  a  person  there,  and  the  general  answer  I  received  was  that  there  was  not,  nor  had  there  ever  been,  such  a  persOrt  there.  After  the  bill  had  become  due,  I  saw  the  prisomk,  and  told  him  I  must  sue  his  accepted.  He  said  he  hoped  I  would  not,  as  he  had  been  a  very  good  customer  to  him,  and  that  he  did  not  wish  to  disturb  him,  as  he  owed  him"
