text
"THE  BLACKBURN  BOILER  EXPLOSION.  ADJOURNED  INQUEST.  IMPORTANT  REPORT  BY  MR.  FALRBAIRN,  C.E.  FROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.)  BLACKBURN,  Saturday  Night.  Most  important  evidence  was  adduced  to-day,  relative  to  the  over-working  of  the  boiler,  which  exploded  on  the  2nd  instant,  at  Mr.  Hesketh's  weaving-shed,  Starkie-street,  in  this  town.  Mr.  Hargreaves,  the  coroner,  resumed  the  in inquiry  quiry inquiry  in  the  Court  House  at  ten  o'clock  this  morning.  Mr.  Backhouse  again  appeared  for  the  proprietor  of  the  mill,  and  Mr.  Clough  for  the  owners  of  the  adjacent  property.  Great  interest  was  excited  by  the  proceedings.  Mr.  Fairbairn,  of  Manchester,-  was  examined  at  great  length.  His  evidence  is  embodied  in  the  annexed  report  :  I  visited  this  town  on  Wednesday  last,  for  the  purpose  of  examining  into  the  cause  of  a  boiler  explosion  which  took  place  at  the  Eagle  Mill,  Starkie-street,  on  the  2nd  inst.  On  my  arrival  found  the  whole  of  the  engine  -house,  cotton-mill,  and  weaving  -shed,  a  heap  of  ruins,  and  the  ex exploded  ploded exploded  boiler  lying  in  the  middle  of  the  yard,  where  it  had  been  removed  from  a  dwelling-house,  into  which  it  had  been  projected  by  the  elastic  force  of  the  steam—a  distance  of  80  yards  from  its  seat.  In  its  progress  it  had  not  only  blown  up  a  portion  of  the  factory  under  which  it  was  placed  ;  which  was  two  storeys  high,  but  it  destroyed  the  whole  of  the  weaving-shed— weaving-shedcleared  cleared weaving-shedcleared  in  itspassage  the  greater  portion  of  a  dwelling  house,  and  finally  lodged  itself,  as  stated  above,  in  the  interior  of  a  house  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  street.  In  this  position  it  remained  until  removed  by  orders  from  the  jury.  In  tracing  the  causes  of  this  accident  I  am  relieved  from  anything  approaching  to  uncertainty,  by  the  fact  that  the  boiler  was  totally  inadequate  to  the  work  it  had  to  per perform.  form. perform.  First.  It  was  16  feet  long,  6  feet  6  inches  deep,  5  feet  2  inches  wide,  and  composed  of  plates  tths  of  an  inch  thick  on  the  sides  and  top,  and  inch  thick  over  part  of  the  bottom.  Secondly.  It  was  old,  of  the  waggon  shape,  and  the  worst  _possible  form  to  sustain  severe  pressure.  Thirdly.  It  was  improperly  and  injudiciously  stayed,  reposing  large  flat  surface  to  internal  pressure.  Fourthly.  It  had  an  exceedingly  defective  safety  valve,  and  generally,  it  was  totally  unsuited  in  strength  and  form  to  work  a  non-condensing  and  high  pressure  steam  engine.  With  the  permission  of  the  jury,  I  will  explain  the  reasons  why  I  consider  this  boiler  should  never  have  been  used  for  such  a  purpose,  with  so  high  a  working  pressure  as  35  lbs.  on  the  square  inch.  This  is  probably  the  lowest  pressure  that  a  non-condensing  engine  can  be  worked  at  with  anything  .  like  effect,  certainly  not  with  economy,  and  although  it  is  stated  that  one  of  Smith's  indicators  was  attached  to  the  boiler;  these  are  not  to  be  depended  upon,  unless  kept  clean  and  frequently  ad adjusted  justed adjusted  by  the  best  of  all  tests,  a  mercurial  guage-35  lbs.  might  be  the  guage  pressure—but  it  is  more  than  probable,  from  the  reason  assigned,  that  the  pressure  at  which  the  boiler  was  worked,  was  40  lbs  or  upwards.  Ido  not  mean  to  assert  that  this  was  positively  the  case,  but  I  think  I  shall  be  able  to  show  that  with  all  its  defects,  the  boiler  did  not  burst  with  less  than  45  or  50  lbs.  pressure  on  the  square  inch.  The  weakest  parts  of  this  boiler  were  the  flat  ends,  only  kths  thick,  which  contained  an  area  of  nearly  28  square  feet,  and  their  only  support  was  a  single  longitudinal  stay  in  the  middle.  Now  this  stay,  which  was  of  wrought  iron  11  inches  square,  had  to  sustain  a  tensile  strain  at  a  working  pressure  of  35  lbs.  to  the  inch,  of  26  4  1 STYLE=superscript  tons,  minus  the  stiff stiffness  ness stiffness  or  resistance  of  the  plates,  for  which  I  have  allowed  41  tons.  On  this  computation  we  have  26.5  tons--4.5  tons  —22  tons,  as  the  actual  strain  upon  the  longitudinal  stay.  Now  our  best  bar-iron  will  sustain  a  force  of  22  to  24  tons  to  the  square  inch  ;  and  as  this  stay—which  is  none  of  the  best—had  to  sustain  a  pressure  of  11  tons,  it  was  beyond  the  point  of  elongation,  but  within  the  limits  of  its  ultimate  strength.  s  t  fm  r  o  e  r  ng  t  h  w  i  o  t  f  h  t  h  t  h  e  e  s  t  a  e  y  n  s  d  ;  s  ,  t  h  b  e  u  s  et  partsfrom  t  a  h  p  e  p  e  increased  e  The  other  parts  of  the  b  o  il  er  ,  suc  h  as  th  e  s  id  es,  are  equally  d  nn  ef  m  ec  b  ti  e  v  r  e  an  i  d  n  better  calculated  to  resist  internal  pressure.  There  were  eight  transverse  stays  in  the  length  of  the  boiler,  four  immediately  above  the  crown  or  curved  part  of  the  bottom,  and  four  more  above;  a  littlebelow  the  diameter  of  the  arched  top.  These  stays,  as  well  as  the  longitudinal  ones,  were  rivetted  to  the  sides  and  ends  of  the  boiler  by  plates  bent  in  the  form  of  a  trough,  and  the  stays  were  fixed  into  them  with  cotters  in  the  usual  way.  On  each  of  the  sides  the  pressure  may  be  taken  at  204  tons,  and  assuming  the  stays  to  be  equally  divided,  they  would  have  to  sustain  a  tensile  strain  in  the  ratio  of  the  area  of  the  spans  into  which  they  were  respectively  divided;  but  as  these  spans  were  unequal  the  result  would  be  a  variable  strain  upon  each.  Again,  the  upper  stays  which  formed  the  chord  line  of  the  circular  top  would  be  subjected  to  con considerably  siderably considerably  more  strain  than  the  bottom  ones,  and  having  also  to  sustain  the  curved  plates  along  the  bottom  by  the  diagonal  stays,  it  is  evident  that  a  variable  strain  of  not  less  than  18  to  20  tons  must  have  been  acting  upon  them,  or  about  10  tons  to  the  square  inch,  leaving  only  one  ton  per  square  inch  under  the  force  to  which  the  longitudinal  stay  was  subjected,  iu  resisting  the  preaeure  upon  the  thto.  If  we  take  this  part  of  the  construction  with  all  its  de defects,  fects, defects,  and  want  of  proportion,  it  will  be  found  to  contain  little  or  no  greater  powers  of  resistance  than  the  flat  ends,  which  had  only  one  stay  ;  and  this  fact  leaves  the  question  as  to  which  of  the  stays  was  the  first  to  yield  as  matter  of  doubt.  This,  however,  is  of  no  great  moment,  as  the  results  would  have  been  the  same  in  either  case,  namely  the  rupture  of  the  boiler  by  tearing  the  sides  from  the  ends  next  the  engine,  and  hence  followed  the  destruction  which  ensued.  This  ap appears  pears appears  to  be  the  case,  as  a  considerable  portion  of  the  boiler  had  approached  the  cylindrical  form,  the  natural  result  of  an  equable  and  uniform  force  from  within.  With  things  in  this  state,  with  the  force  applied  on  the  one  hand,  and  the  powers  of  resistance  on  the  other  in  direct  an antagonism  tagonism antagonism  (if  I  may  use  the  expression),  it  appears  that  the  lives  of  every  one  employed  in  the  walls,  or  within  reach  of  the  influence  of  this  explosive  vessel,  were,  and  , STYLE=superscript  had  been  for  years,  suspended  by  a  thread,  which  the  least  change  of  pressure  might  in  a  moment  cut  asunder.  That  moment  arrived  on  the  morning  of  the  2nd  inst.,  and  fortunate  it  was  that  the  catastrophe  occurred  at  a  time  when  the  people  were  at  breakfast,  or  a  greatly  increased  number  of  sufferers  might  have  been  added  to  the  list.  Looking  at  the  ruins,  and  the  position  in  which  the  boiler  was  found  after  the  explosion,  I  am  of  opinion  that  the  end  next  the  steam-engine  was  the  first  to  give  way  ;  that  an  active  fire  was  under  the  boiler  when  the  engine  was  standing,  and  the  only  escape  for  the  steam  was  through  a  valve  1e  inches  diameter.  Now  this  valve  was  totally  insufficient  to  relieve  the  boiler  from  the  rapidly  increasing  pressure  which,  for  some  time  previous  to  rupture,  had  been  taking  place  in  the  boiler.  That  pressure,  it  is  now  well  known,  from  some  carefully  conducted  experiments  recently  made,  progresses  in  a  fear fearfully  fully fearfully  accelerated  ratio  ;  and  we  cannot  be  too  careful,  under  such  circumstances,  in  ascertaining  with  certainty  that  the  safety  valves  are  not  only  efficient,  but  at  least  of  nearly  double  capacity  to  the  generative  powers  of  the  boiler,  and  in  good  working  condition.  Unfortunately,  such  indis indispensable  pensable indispensable  precautions  had  never  been  attended  to  in  this  instance,  and  the  result  was,  the  rupture  of  the  far  end  of  the  boiler,  which  was  torn  from  the  sides  and  bottom  ;  and  the  steam  acting  .  with  a  force  equivalent  to  the  pent-up  pressure,  forced  it  from  its  seat  with  the  velocity  of  a  projectile,  and  cleared  walls,  roofs,  and  everything  before  it.  The  end  was  thus  carried  in  the  direction  of  the  steam steamengine  engine steamengine  and  chimney  ;  it  was  forced  clean  through  the  engine  -house,  and  ultimately  landed  in  a  candle-maker's  yard,  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  building.  The  boiler  itself  and  the  other  flat  end—also  torn  from  the  sides  and  bottom—were  projected  in  the  opposite  direc direction,  tion, direction,  and  ultimately  landed,  after  clearing  all  obstructions  before  them  in  the  very  centre  of  a  dwelling-huuse  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  street.  In  these  explosions  the  direction  of  motion,  it  will  be  observed,  is  governed  by  a  line  passing  through  the  centre  of  rupture,  and  the  centre  of  pressure,  and  in  this  case  the  line  of  the  forces  appear  to  have  been  nearly  horizontal,  and  at  the  same  time  as  nearly  as  possible  in  the  centre  of  gravity.  Hence  the  line'  of  projection  ;  which  was  almost  parallel  with  that  of  the  boiler  itself.  It  would  have  been  a  relief  to  my  feelings.  if  I  could  have  closed  this  statement  without  further  remark  ;  but  a  sense  of  duty  compels  me  to  censure  in  the  severest  terms,  not  only  the  original  construction  of  this  boiler,  but  the  uses  to  which  so  imperfect  a  construction  was  applied  ;  and  I  hope  may  warn  the  responsible  parties  in  analagous  cases  which  I  fear  exist,  and  wherein  the  lives  of  the  public  are  in  emi eminent  nent eminent  jeopardy.  It  is  absolutely  indispensable  that  a  careful  inspection  should  at  once  be  made,  either  by  these  parties  themselves  or  by  some  experienced  person  fully  qualified  for  such  a  task.  In  the  performance  of  the  assigned  duty,  I  believe  I  can cannot  not cannot  do  better  in  conclusion  than  repeat  the  precautions  and  suggestions  which  I  endeavoured  to  enforce  upon  the  atten attention  tion attention  of  the  owners  of  steam  boilers  on  the  occasion  of  a  similar  and  equally  fatal  occurrence,  at  Riga-street  Man Manchester.  chester. Manchester.  The  suggestions  are  as  follsws  :  Ist.  Boilers  should  not  on  any  account  be  placed  under  buildings  where  people  are  employed,  2nd.  Every  boiler  should  be  constructed  of  sufficient  strength  to  resist  not  less  than  five  or  six  times  its  working  pressure  ;  and  every  boiler  should  be  proved  by  hydraulic  presses  to  double  it  s  intended  working  pressure.  3rd.  Every  boiler  should  have  two  safety  valves,  collec collectively  tively collectively  equal  to  one  and  a  half  times  the  area  of  the  steam steampipe,  pipe, steampipe,  on  the  computed  generative  power  of  the  boiler  ;  one  of  these  valves  to  be  under  lock  and  key,  and  so  arranged  as  to  render  it  impossible  to  increase  or  diminish  the  load.  4th.  The-proprietor  or  some  authorised  person  to  inspect  the  state  of  the  boiler  and  valves  once  a  month,  every  time  the  boiler  is  cleaned,  and  to  record  the  same  in  a  book  kept  for  that  purpose.  For  the  last  sixty  years  this  has  been  the  custom  in  Cornwall,  where  steam  of  high  elastic  force  is  in  general  use.  All  the  engines  and  boilers  of  that  district  are  under  the  control  and  supervision  of  competent  persons.  Monthly  returns  are  given  of  the  duty  performed  by  each  engine,  the  quantity  of  fuel  consumed.  and  by  constant  care  and  attention  to  the  state  of  the  boilers  and  machinery,  a"
