text
"NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  SECOND  EDITION.  Northern  Daily  Times  Office,  Nine  O'clock,  a.m.  EASTERN  WAR.  VIENNA,  WEDNESDAY  EVENING.  Up  to  the  14th,  no  English  or  French  ships  of  war  had  gone  into  the  Black  Sea.  On  the  10th,  11th,  and  12th,  there  were  heavy  storms.  Omer  Pasha  has  received  orders  to  continue  the  war  with  energy.  JASSY,  11.  The  whole  of  the  Russian  troops  have  left  Jassy.  Osten  Sacken's  corps  is  not  expected  before-Dec.  10th.  The  Russians  have  levied  recruits  from  the  inhabitants  of  the  town  and  its  environs.  BUCHAREST  14  It  is  asserted  that  Gortschakoff  intends  attack attacking  ing attacking  the  Turks,  since  he  has  lately  ben  instructed  to  conduct  the  war  with  energy  and  perseverance.  It  is  also  said  that  the  son  of  Prince  Vagorides  has  been  arrested  and  sent  in  chains  to  St.  Peters Petersburg,  burg, Petersburg,  for  having  carried  on  a  correspondence  with  Omer  Pasha,  and  for  having  informed  him  of  the  movements  of  the  Russian  army.  Six  Boyards  are  said  to  have  been  sent  to  Siberia.  They  were  found  guilty  of  the  same  crime.  The  Wallachian  militia  have  been  incorporated  with  the  Russian  regiments.  VIENNA,  19th.  A  telegraphic  despatch  from  Hermanstadt,  states  that  the  bulk  of  the  Russian  troops  are  marching  into  lesser  Wallachia.  On  the  15th,  a  Turkish  corps  attempted  a  surprise  at  Turnul.  The  Russians  were  on  their  guard,  and  the  Turks  were  driven  back  upon  Kalafat.  In  the  Russian  army  there  are  frequent  executions  of  would-be  deserters.  VIENNA,  WEDNESDAY.  Reports  from  Orsova  of  the  16th  say  that  the  Turks  are  withdrawing  from  Kalafat,  in  obedience  to  orders  from  Constantinople.  The  advance  of  the  Russians  from  Krajova  on  Kalafat  is  confirmed.  ODESSA,  10th.  The  Russian  war  steamer  Seaikale  has  gone  down  in  the  Black  Sea;  the  men  were  saved.  The  fortress  of  Isatchka  has  not  been  destroyed  by  fire.  The  Turks  are  throwing  up  new  entrench entrenchments.  ments. entrenchments.  THURSDAY,  NOVEMBER  24,  1853  PENINSULAR  MAIL.  PARIS,  WEDNESDAY.  Bourse  dull,  and  prices  show  a  slight  decline.  Threes  closed  at  73f.  95c.,  and  Four-and-Halves  at  99f.  85c.  ST.  PETERSBURG,  15th  The  shipping  season  is  considered  over,  as  there  were  no  vessels  remaining  to  Thad,  and  the  navigation  would  be  closed  before  any  others  could  be  engaged.  ODESSA,  11TH.  Exchange  4  per  cent.  less  unfavorable  for  Eng England—an  land—an England—an  alteration  which  will  soon  re-act  upon  St.  Petersburg!  and  be  likely  to  check  some  of  the  further  remittances  of  gold  from  London.  The  price  of  Wheat  was  still  advancing  ;  purchases  large,  but  not  quite  so  extensive  as  during  the  pre preceding  ceding preceding  week.  Freights  were  again  higher.  There  were  no  fears  entertained  of  a  stoppage  of  business.  LONDON  The  Cabinet  Council'  sat  three  hours  on  Wed Wednesday.  nesday. Wednesday.  The  Times  states  in  a  leading  article  that  there  is  not  a  syllable  of  truth  in  the  statement  attributing  the  absence  of  the  French  Ambassador  to  a  diffi 'difficulty'  between  the  governments  of  France  and  England.  Count  Walewsky  left  London  last  week  for  a  few  days,  in  order  to  attend  upon  his  imperial  master.  He  has  already  returned  to  his  post,  and  that  is  the  beginning  and  end  of  the  story.  The  two  governments  remain  as  formerly,  in  complete  unanimity  of  opinion  respecting  the  interests  of  the  Western  Powers  and  of  Europe,  in  the  dispute  which  is  now  convulsing  the  East.  What  course  of  policy  they  may  ultimately  de decide  cide decide  upon  adopting  is  a  point  which  events  must  contribute,  in  a  great  measure,  to  explain.  SOUTHAMPTON,  WEDNESDAY  NIGHT.  Arrived  City  of  London  steamer,  which  left  Gibraltar  on  the  14th,  Lisbon  on  the  19th,  and  Oporto  on  the  20th.  The  report  of  the  Queen  of  Portugal's  death,  of  the  16th,  is  confirmed.  The  infant  prince  did  not  survive.  The  King  had  resumed  the  Regency.  No  fears  were  entertained  for  the  tranquility  of  the  country.  The  barque  Brazilian,  which  arrived  at  Lisbon  on  the  7th,  with  coals  from  Li*erpool,  was  driven  from  her  anchorage,  after  partially  discharging,  and  got  upon  the  rocks  within  the  bar,  crew  saved.  The  vessel  has  become  a  total  wreck,  and  is  advertised  for  sale.  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLMER,  of  21,  Oxford  Street,  at  his  General  Printing  and  Stationery  Establishment,  19,  South  John  Street,  Liverpool.  THURSDAY,  NOVEMBER  24,  1853."
