text
"AGENT  FOR  THIS  DISTRICT.  BIRKENHEAD  {  Messrs.  Ewart  and  M'Connel,  22  Pall  Mall.  Manchester  Mr.  C.  G.  H.  Schlottner,  16,  ilackfriars-st.  Accrington  Altrincham  Blackburn  .  Forrest,  manufacturer.  Bolton  Bury  Burnley  Chorley  Chadderton  and  Shaw  .  Mr.  W.  Ashton,  Chadderton  and  Blue  Boar  Court,  Manchester.  Clitheroe  Dukinfield&amp;Ashton-under-  Lyne  change,  Manchester.  Eccles  and  Patricroft  Mr.  W.  Bradburn,  jun.,  Ivy  Cot Cottage,  tage, Cottage,  Patricroft.  Haslingden,  Rawtenstall,  &amp;c.Mr.  George  Maden,  Rawtenstall.  Hollingworth  .  ......  Mr.  John  Hollinworth.  Hyde  Lancaster  .  Mr.  Wilson  Barker.  Leigh  .  .  ...  ..  -  mediate  ...  _  '  .-  ^'  Lydiate  Middleton  and  Tonge..  ..  Mr.  Henry  Wheeler,  solicitor.  Newton-in-Mackerfield,&amp;c.Mr.  G.  Harris,  Lowton.  New  Mills  ....  Ormskirk  Mr.  M.  J.  Mason,  solicitor.  Oldham  Prescot  .......  Mr.  John  Culshaw,  post  office.  Preston  .  Mr.  J.  B.  Dickson,  Winckley-st.  Prestwich  Manchester.  Radcliffe  Ramsbottom  Mr.  Lawrence  Stead.  Rochdale  Messrs.  Whitehead  and  Sons.  Stalvbridge  .  Mr.  Edwin  Shaw,  72,  Grosvenor-  street.  Stockport  St.  Helens  r.  j STYLE=superscript  A  o STYLE=superscript  .  se STYLE=superscript  gou  Al STYLE=superscript  be  b STYLE=superscript  rt  iss STYLE=superscript  r  kr.  William  Sothern,  Westfield-street.  Todmorden  Mr.  W.  Greenwood.  Warrington  .  Barrett;  Mr.  T.  F.  Lowe.  Wigan  Mr.  Thomas  Wall,  post  office.  Application  for  agencies  where  appointments  have  not  yet  been  made  may  be  addressed  to  the  office  as  above.  GUSTAVUS  HAMILTON,  Solicitor  and  Irish  Law  Agent  (Firm  G.  Hamilton  &amp;  Sons,)  30,  South  Frederick-street,  Dublin,  and  47,  Chancery-lane,  London,  Master  Extraordinary  of  Her  Majesty's  High  Court  of  Chancery  in  England,  for  taking  Answers,  Affidavits,  Prodfs  in  Bankruptcy,  and  depositions  of  Witnesses  in  Ireland,  and  Commissioner  for  taking  Affidavits  in  Ireland  out  of  Her  Majesty's  Courts  of  Queen's  Bench,  Common  Pleas,  and  Exchequer  in  England,  also  Master  Extraordinary  of  the  County  Palatine  and  Duchy  Courts  of  Lancaster;  Agent  to  the  Monarch  Fire  and  Life  Assurance  Company  of  London,  and  Local  Solicitor  to  the  United  Guarantee  and  Life  AE•  surance  Company  of  London.  TO  BE  LET,  a  semi-detached  HOUSE,  situate  at  Aigburth,  containing  dining  and  drawing  rooms,  five  bed  room,  dressing  room,  bath  room,  water  closet,t  butler's  pantry,  and  kitchen  on  the  ground  floor.  There  is  a  pro productive  ductive productive  fruit  and  flower  garden,  and  an  ample  supply  of  soft  water.—For  further  particulars  and  cards  to  view  apply  to  Mr.  S.  Waterhouse,  4,  Derby-square,  St.  George's  Church.  MO  BE  LET,  Furnished,  for  three  months,  a  COTTAGE,  situate  in  the  best  part  of  Southport,  near  the  Shore  and  Promenade,  and  having  a  south-east  aspect.  It  contains  two  Parlours  to  the  front,  four  Bedrooms,  with  Kitchen  and  other  requisites,  and  is  a  very  convenient  and  comfortable  residence.  Rent  moderate.  Apply  at  No.  9,  Lord-street,  Southport;  or  to  Thomas  Picken,  land-agent,  Compton  Chambers,  Basnett-street,  Liverpool.  ruo  BE  LET,  delightfully  situate  in  Shrewsbury Shrewsburyroad,  road, Shrewsburyroad,  Claughton-park,  Birkenhead,  an  elegant  and  semi semidetached  detached semidetached  H  0  US  E,  called  Lechlade,  commanding  an  extensive  view  of  the  river  and  surrounding  scenery,  with  terrace  lawn  in  front  ;  containing  dining,  drawing,  and  breakfast  rooms,  six  bedrooms,  dressing  rooms,  bath  room,  store  room,  butler's  pantry,  aNd  every  modern  convenience.  There  is  a  coach-house,  stable,  laundry,  wash-house,  and  good  garden.  For  terms  and  cards  to  view  apply  to  Mr.  S.  Waterhouse,  4,  Derby-square,  St.  George's  Church."
