text
"I.REL  1  AT  D  (FROM  .  O,UIV;DWN  COROSPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  WEDNESDAY  TRIAL  OF  'MISS  CANTWELL.  .t  the  sitting  of  the  Court,  Mr.  Fitzgibbon,  the  jury  for  the  defence.  The  tenor  of  his  speech  was,  that  Dudley  having  in  the  first  place  made  an  indiscreet  charge,  then  endeavoured  to  support  it  by  disre-  putable  Means.  Miss  Ellen  O'Neill,  the  first  witness  for  the  defence,  sworn  and  examined  by  Mr,  M‘Donough,  Q.C.—Resided  at  Carrick-on-Suir  previous  to  her  father's  death,  and  was  re residing  siding residing  at  the  house  of  the  Misses  Cantwell,  in  Dublin  ;  left  that  house  on  the  14th  of  October  last,  m'company  with  Miss  Cantwell,  and  proceeded  to  Moorestreet,  where  sho  bought  some  fish,  and'  froM  thence  she  and  Miss  Cantwell  proceeded  to  the  'house  of  Messrs.  'Cannock  and  White  ;  witness  required  a  pocket  handkerchief,  - STYLE=superscript  and  Miss  Cantwell  wanted  to  buy  some  black  ribbon  ;  witness  left  Miss  Cant Cantwell  well Cantwell  at  the  ribbon  counter,  whilst  she  went  to  buy  the  hand handkerchief,  kerchief, handkerchief,  for  which  she  paid  one  shilling,  and  got  no  bill  ;  on  her  return  to  Miss  Cantwell  she  found•Duclley  in  the  act  of  seizing  a  bit  of  velvet  ribbon,  and  upon  Dudley  accusing  her  with  having:  stolen  it,  Miss  Cantwell  said,  — STYLE=superscript  l  bought  it  and  pad  for'  One  of  the  young  men  stepped  forward  and  said  to  Dudley  that  the  lady  had  bought  ribbon  from  him,upon  which  Dudley  said  to  him  to  aside  she  asked  Jeffreys  what  had  occurred,  and  he  replied  that  he  did  not  know,  but  that  he  had  sold  her  some  ribbon  —  The  Witness  was  here  about  to  be  examined  by  counsel  as  to  the  conversation  she  had  with  Dudley  at  the  time  of  the  occurrence  in  the  shop,  when--.  Mr.  Whiteside  objected.  •  The  Chief  Baron  - STYLE=superscript  referred  to  his  notes,  after  which  Mr.  liTonough  was  heard  in  support  of  the  line  of  exa examination  mination examination  he  was  .  pursuing.  The  learned  gentleman  said  that  if  Dudley's  version,  and  D  udl STYLE=superscript  ey'  s STYLE=superscript  version  alone,  were  to  be  admitted,  and  the  version  which  he  intended  to  produce  from  the  lips  of  Miss  O'Neill,  was  to  be  suppressed,  it  would  be'an  insult  to  common  sense  which  'every  man  in  court,  whether  lawyer  or  not,  would  indignantly  repudiate.  Here  there  was  some  cheering  and  clapping  of  hands  in  court,  and  one  of  those  who  created  the  interruption  having  been  seen  - STYLE=superscript  by  the  Court,  the  two  learned  Barons  at  the  same  instant,  ordered  the  police  to  take  him  into  custody.  Peter  Macquaid,  the  offender  in  the  case,  a  man  far  ad advanced  vanced advanced  in  life,  was  forthwith  taken  into  custody,  and  con conducted  ducted conducted  by  the  police  in  front  of  the  bench.  He  said  he  was  by  the  splendour  of  the  language  used  by  impulsively  gave  way  to  his  feelings  by  Cctunsel  that  -11,  creating  the  interruption.  The  Chief  Baron  ordered  him  to  be  committed,  and  to  be  brought  up  for  judgment  at  the  rising  of  the  court.  This  case  was  the  second  of  the  kind  that  occurred  during  the  day_;  but  in  tht  first  case  the  offender  apologised  and  was  not  committed.  The  Court  ruled  in  favour  of  Mr.  M'Donough's  line  of  examination.  Examination  of  Miss  O'Neill  resumed—Mr.  Dudley  . STYLE=superscript  asked  Miss  Cantwell  to  step  aside,  and  not  let  the  matter  become  public  ;  she  said  I'll  not  go—you'll  regret  this  business— businesstake  take businesstake  care  what  you  are  Dudley  asked  witness  seve several  ral several  times  to  leave  the  shop,  and  not  mix  herself  up  with  the  business  ;  Miss  Cantwell  walked  into  the  carpet-room,  and  witness  followed,  and  remained  with  her  all  the  time  she  had  a  full  opportunity  of  noticing  her  move moveemb,  emb, moveemb,  aud  whilst  hi  the  carpet-room  Miss  Cantwell  did  not  take  her  purse  from  her  pocket.  It  was  quite  impossible  that  Miss  Cantwell  could  have  thrown  a  piece  of  ribbon  behind  the  oil-cloths,  without  witness  observing  it.  Mr.  Joseph  Sullivan,  a  silk-velvet  manufacturer,  was  then  produced.  His  evidence  was  to  the  effect  that  the  appear appearance  ance appearance  of  the  ribbon  produced,  was  not  such  as  could  be  pro  '1  by  friction,  as  Dudley  sworn  was  there  ble  people  were  then  produced,  who  Several  most  res  A.  num-  nmmpeachable  character  )  swore  that  she  had  been  a  constant  1  that  they  had  never  known  of  any  dishonesty  on  her  part  then  sworn  in  to  take  charge  of  ie  jury,  , STYLE=superscript  s  adjourned  to  half-past  ten  o'clock  this  morning.  Previous  to  the  adjournment,  how however,  ever, however,  Mr.  M'Quaid,  the  person  charged  with  applauding  .  in  court,  was  placed  at  the  bar,  and  the  Chief  Baron  having  read  him  a  severe  and  elaborate  lecture  on  the  impropriety  of  his  conduct,  and  the  necessity  of  controlling  his  feelings,  directed  that,  in  consideration  of  his  advanced  age,  he  should  be  discharged  from  custody.  Special  constables  WE  lnd  the  cm  Mn.  DARGAN  AND  TILE  EXHIBITION  :  —To-night  the  great  originator  of  our  exhibition  is  to  be  entertained  by  the  exhibitors,  in  the  King's  Room,  of  the  Mansion  House.  There  will  be  a  most  distingif  eked  attendance,  as  the  Lord  Lieutenant,  the  Judges,  and  many  .  other  leading  notabilities  of  the  day  have  signified  their  intention  to  be  present.  Meanwhile,  as  to  the  Exhibition,  it  is  being  emptied  with  great  expedition,  and  in  a  very  few  days  it  will  be  stripped  of  all  its  glories.  Professor  Sullivan  and  others  are,  how howaged  aged howaged  in  selecting  specimens  for  the  formation  of  a  national  museum  ever,  eN  THE  WEATIIIa  —A  fearful  gale  blew  from  the  south-  .ug  .  nt.  The  railway  steamer  Hercules  left  Kings Kingstown  town Kingstown  to  assist  some  vessels  which  were  reported  to  be  weathcr-bound  in  the  Channel.  THE  LATE  LORD  CLONCURRY.-ThiS  esteemed  noble nobleman's  man's nobleman's  funeral  took  place  yesterday,  and  was  largely  attended  by  the  gentry  Lyons.  country.  He  was  interred  in  is  family  vault  at  The  present  lord  his  successor,  is  his  eldest  son,  the  Hon.  Edward  Lawless,  whose  name  has  been  so  commendably  mentioned  as  an  assistant  of  the  suf-  ferers  at  the  late  fatal  railway  accident.  EXTRAORDINARY  CASE—ENNISCORTHY  QUARTER  SES.  SIONS.—At  the  last  sessions  at  Enniscorthy  a  case  was  tried  which  has  excited  much  interest  in  the  county  WexfOrd.  The  plaintiff  was  Michael  Byrne,  of  Medop-hall,  labourer,  and  the  defendant  Colonel  Owen,  of  Woodlands,  both  in  that  county.  The  action  was  grounded  on  a  civil  bill  pro process,  cess, process,  in  which  the  plaintiff  demanded  £4O  damages  of  the  defendant,  for  false  imprisonment.  The  facts  as  deposed  have  already  been  before  the  public  ;  but  they  may  be  shortly  re-stated.  Some  time  in  1852  Byrne  had  brought  charges  against  Col.  Owen,  of  having  made  overtures  to  him,  soli soliciting  citing soliciting  him  to  murder  Mr.  George  Glascott,  the  former  agent  of  the  estate  of  which  Capt.  Owen  had  then  become  the  agent..  Byrne  made  depositions  to  that  effect  before  magis magistrates  trates magistrates  of  the  county;  and  in  consequence  Col.  Owen  lodged  informations  against  him  for  perjury,  and  had  him  arrested.  Ire  was  brought  to  trial  on  that  charge  some  months  after afterwards,  wards, afterwards,  and  was  acquitted.  The  present  action  was  to  recover  damages  for  the  alleged  illegal  imprisonment.  In  the  evi evi_  _ evi_  dence  - STYLE=superscript  n.ow  given  Byrne  reiterated  his  charge  of  subornation  of  murder  against  Col.  Owen  ;  and  that  gentleman  ern  nhatically  denied  it.  The  result  was,  that  the  jury  found  n  verdict  for  the  defendant  SHIPWRECKS.—The  Newry  Telegraph  says  z—On  Friday  morning  a  large  vessel—bottom  upwards—was  observed  wrecked  and  stranded  at  Templeton  Bay,  inside  of  Cooley  Point.  A  boat,  about  ten  feet  long,  had  been  picked  up  convenient  to  the  scene  of  the  wreck,  on  the  stern  of  which  was  John  and  The  wreck  has  been  left  in  charge  of  Mr.  Baldwin,  R.N.,  Coast  Guard  officer  of  Cooley  Point.  No  further  information  has  yet  been  discovered  respecting  the  unfortunate  vessel.  MURDER.  A  Ballinasloe  correspondent  of  Saunders  writes  as  follows  :—lt  is  to-night  my  painful  task  to  furnish  you  with  the  particulars'  of  one  of  those  sanguinary  occur occurrences  rences occurrences  which  harrow  the  feelings  of  society,  and  cast  a  gloom  over  the  general  aspect  of  the  community.  A  number  of  tradesmen,  it  appears,  of  different  callings,  have  of  late  been  employed  in  effecting  improvements  at  Lisduff  House,  in  this  county,  and  on  Saturday  evening  last,  having  ter terminated  minated terminated  their  day's  work,  they  came  into  the  village  of  Killimore,  where,  after  drinking  ardent  spirits  for  a  length  of  time  they  quarrelled,  and  one  of  them,  named  Richard  Thomas,  from  the  county  of  Cork,  stabbed  with  a  knife  Roger  native  of  Dublin.  The  wound  havinc  , STYLE=superscript  been  inflicted  on  the  left  side  in  the  immediate  region  of  the  heart,  death  almost  instantaneously  resulted.  Thomas  im immediately  mediately immediately  gave  himself  up  to  the  police,  who  have  him  in  custody,  but  as  yet  a  coroner's  inquest  has  not  been  held.  I  understand  that  three  others  have  also  been  arrested,  who  were  present  when  the  dreadful  occurrence  took  place.  am  happy  to  state  that  the  perpetrators  of  this  disgraceful  outrage  arc  not  natives  of  the  west  of  Ireland,  and  therefore  the  reproach  does  not  lie  immediately  at  our  doors."
