text
"AMERICA_.  ARRIVAL  OF  THE;  BALTIC  The  American  mail  steamer  Baltic,  Captain  Com Comstock,  stock, Comstock,  arrived  in  the  Mersey  at  at  four  o'clock  this  morning,  from  New  York,  whenCe  she  sailed  on  the  .10th  instant.  During  the  passage  she  experienced  very  severe  weather,  which  has  delayed  her  arrival  here  about  forty-eight  hours.  She  has  brought  home  87  passengers,  and  275,000  dollars  . STYLE=superscript  in  specie.  We_have  received  our  files  of  Ne*  , STYLE=superscript  York  papers,  and  private  correspondence,  to  the  date  of  her  de departure,  parture, departure,  which  are  four  days  later  than  those  pre previously  viously previously  to  hand.  The  British  mail  steamer  Niagara,  which  sailed  hence  on  the  26th  ult.,  for  Halifax  and  Boston,  ar arrived  rived arrived  out  at  the  latter  port  on  the  9th  instant,  with  the  mails,  and  the  greater  part  of  the  passengers  taken  out  from  Southampton  by  the  Humboldt,  wrecked  off  Halifax.  Both  brancheg  of  Congress  adjOurned  from  Thursday  till  Monday,  as  a  mark  of  respect  to  the  memory  of  the  Hon.  Wm.  Rufus  King,  late  vice-  .  president  of  the  United  States  and  president  of  the  senate,  who  expired  at  his  residence  in  Selina,  Dallas  county,  Alabama,  on  the  18th  of  last  April.  We  learn  from  ourdispatches,  that  great  excite excitement  ment excitement  is  manifested  concerning  the  formation  of  the  Standing  Committee  of  the  House,  and  that  all  sorts  of  bargaining  is  going  on  for  the  chief  posts  of  trust.  The  customary  public  receptions  were  to  be  resumed  at  the  White  House  in  the  week  to  which  the  Houses  had  adjourned.  Information  has  been  received  at  the  War  Department,  that  the  bodies  of  Captain  Gunnison  and  his  party,  who  were  massacred  by  the  Indians  in  New  Mexico,  were  so  mutilated  by  the  wolves  that  they  could  neither  be  removed  uor  buried.  .Sixteen  days  later  news  from  California  has  reached  New  Orleans.  The  Daniel  Webster  from  San  Juan  de  Nicaragua,  and  the  El  Dorado  - STYLE=superscript  from  Aspinwall,  had  both  arrived  at  that  port.  Accord According  ing According  to  their  report,  the  George  Law  had  left  the  latter  and  the  Star  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  West  the  former  place,  for  New  York,  on  the  Ist  inst.,  with  three  millions  of  dollars  in  gold  dust  on  freight.  They  were  ex expected  pected expected  to  arrive  in  New  York  on  the  10th  inst.,  the  day  the  Baltic  sailed.  Via  New  Orleans  we  have  advices  from  Havana  to  the  sth  inst.,  by  which  we  learn  that  the  new  Captain-general  arrived  there  on  the  2nd.  There  was  nothing  new  however  in  the  way  of  politics  from  that  quarter.  The  ;British  Steamer  Marlin  had  arrvied  at  New  York  from  Bermuda  with  advices  to  the  30th  Nov.  Some  new  cases  of  yellow  fever  were  reported,  and  the  disease  existed  at  Hamilton  in  a  milder  forth,  'ut  had  entirely  disappeared  from  St.  George*  A  north  east  gale  had  been  raging  off  the  coast  for  five  consecutive  days.  A  government  contract  for  the  supply  of  flour  for  a  year  had  been  taken  at  the  rate  of  18s.  6d  ,  sterling,  per  brl.  H.B.M.  steamer  Derastation  arrived  from  Halifax  on  the  afternoon  of  the  24th  ult  ,  with  Governor  Elliott  on  board.  His  Excellency  in  company  with  Corn.  Hersey,  of  the  D.,  landed  at  Spanish  Point,  under  a  salute  from  the  batteries  from  Ireland  Island.  He  was  met  on  landing  by  his  Excellency,  Major  Oakley,  the  acting  governor,  and  a  guard  of  the  56th  regiment,  commanded  by  Lie  it.  Accles.  His  Excellency  proceeded  to  the  Admiral's  house,  Cla Clarence  rence Clarence  Hill,  where  he  will  reside  for  the  present.  We  are  told  his  Excellency  looks  remarkably  well.  Two  hundred  and  fourteen  persons  are  reported  one  week weekto  to weekto  have  died  of  cholera  at  New  Orleans  durring  We  subjoin  the  following  from  our  own  corre correspondent  spondent correspondent  :  The  Collins'  mail  steamer  Baltic,  Captain  Com Comstock,  stock, Comstock,  leaves  this  port  at  noon,  to  day,  for  Liver Liverpool.  pool. Liverpool.  By  her  I  send  you  some  of  the  chief  items  of  news  since  last  departure.  The  steamer  Humboldt,  ashore  off  Halifax,  has  not  been  got  -off  yet.  The  Niagara  arrived  at  Boston  at  11  p.M.  on  Friday  night.  She  brought  quite  a  number  of  the  Humboldt's  passengers  together  with  her  mails.  With•the  Winter  season  comes  the  meeting  of  Congress,  and  the  labours  of  its  members  fintwith  commence  By  the  last  advices  you  would  have  received  the  annual  message  of  the  President,  and  now  I  send  you  the  annual  reports  of  the  various  departments—the  War,  Naval,  Post•  office,  and  Treasury,  all  of  which  have  now  been  - STYLE=superscript  laid  before  Congress.  In  the  two  former,  I  find  nothing  Of  interest  to  your  readers.  From  the  Postmaster's  repOrt,  I  have  gathered  a  few  topics  in  re relation  lation relation  to  the  mail  service  between  this  and  Liverpool.  The  number  of  letters  conveyed  by  each,  and  the  amount  of  revenue  collected,  The  state statement  ment statement  includes  the  fiscal  year  ending  on  the  30th  June  last,  in  which  time•the  number  of  letters  car carried  ried carried  between  Liverpool  and  the  United  States  by  the  Collins  steamers  was  1,018,315,  while  the  Cunarders  brought  hither  2,774,423,  they  perform performing  ing performing  double  service.  The  number  of  newspapers  is  by  the  former,  305,245,  and  by  the  latter  1,034,163.  The  amount  of  revenue  collected  here,  from  letters,  &amp;c.,  by  Collins  steamers  was  $106,065  49,  whilst  that  collected  on  mails  by  the  Cunard  steamers  was  $325,200  33.  The  amount  of  difference  is  not;  large  when  we  come  to  estimate  the  double  journeys'  From  . STYLE=superscript  the  postmaster's  report  we  learn.that  only;  one  propoSition  for  the  carrying  of  the  mails  be•  -  -  tween  this  and  Liverpool  has  been  received  by.  him,•  •  The  New  York  and  Galway  Steam-ship  Company  will  agree  to  perform  twenty-six  voyages  between  New  York  and  any  port  in  Great  Britain,  or  Ire Ireland,  land, Ireland,  in  forty-eight  hours  less  time  than  is  now  occupied  by  the'  existing  mail  steamers.  •  He  recommends  in  case  it  be:the  intention  of  Congress  to-  withdraw  the  contract  . STYLE=superscript  possessed  by  the  present  vessels,  in  •  view  of  cheaper  con  veyance,  that  the  service  be  laid  open  for  all  steamers  who  chose  to  offer  their  ser services,  vices, services,  with  a  restriction  only  for  a'  certain  number  per  week,  that  is,  that  vessels  of  either  American  or  British  nationality,  may  be  engaged,  and  that  they  be  paid  a  fixed  sum  per  trip.  If  the  British  government  could  be  induced  to  accede  to  such  an  arrangement,  it  is  thought  it  would  be  more  advantageous  than  the  present  system.  .From  the  report  of  the  secretary  of  ,the  trea•  sUry,  we  find  a  recommendation  for  the  adoption  of  one  fixed  duty  of  twenty-five  per  cent.  on  all  :  articles  ;  excepting  those  on  the  free  list,  or  those  now  paying  one  hundred  per  cent.,  such  as  spirits  and  the  like..  Those  are  to  remain  unchanged.  It  is  also  proposed  to  increase  the  number  of  articles  on  the  free  list  one  of  which.  as  set  forth  is  salt,  which  it  is  re-  commended  should  be  admittod  free  of  duty.  This  mode,  it  is  said,  will  materially  lessen  the  la  hour  of  the  collectors.  It  is  also  recommended  to  adopt  some  measures  for  the  better  preservation  of  health  to  passengers  .in  emigrant  ships  arriving  at  this  port,  from  Europe.  -A  shocking  accident  occurred  on  the  night  of  the  Bth  instant,  on  the  New  York  and  Erie  railroad,  from  a  collision  between  the  day-express  and  an  emigrant  train,  in  which  the  passengers  in  the  former  suffered  severely.  Five—two  ladies  and  three  gentlemen—were  dangerously  wounded,  and  it  is  feared  two  out  of  the  number  will  not  survive.  The  scene  of  this  tragedy  was  near  Bergen  cut,  New  Jersey.  By  electric  telegraph  from  New  Orleans,  we  received  on  Wednesday  last,  a  brief  dispatch  announcing  the  arrival  at  that  port  of  the  steamer  Daniel  Webster,  from  San  Juan,  with  dates  from  San  Francisco  to  the  16th  Nov  She  brought  to  that  City  150  passengers,  and  400,000  dollars  in  specie.  The  steamer  Star  of  the  West,  also  from  San  Juan,  left  there  on  the  Ist  inst.,  for  New  York,  with  400  passengers,  and  1,456,000  dollars  in  gold.  The  steamer  El  Dorado,  from  Aspinwall,  with  the  Californian  mails,  600  passengers,  and  specie  on  freight  amounting  to  one  million  and  a ahalf,  half, ahalf,  was  also  reported  below  New  Orleans.  From  the  breaking  up  of  the  telegraph  from  this  and  New  Orleans,  we  have  been  unable  to  get  any  fur further  ther further  news  up  to  the  hour  I  write.  The  Star  of  the  West,  and  El  Dorado,  are  now  about  due  at  •  this  port.  •  .  Commercial  affairs  have  been  gradually  becom becoming  ing becoming  more  settled  of  late.  Money  for  all  legitimate  business  purposes  is  abundant,  and  the  steadi steadiness  ness steadiness  with  Which  the  supply  is  coming  about,  to together  gether together  with  the  continued  arrivals  from  California,  imparts  confidence  that  the  increased  easiness  in  the  Money.  Market  is  likely  to  be  permanent.  The  Stock  Exchange  for  the  past  week,  has  given  evi evidence  dence evidence  of  this  feeling  being  general,  from  the  im  proved  demand  for•  purchases  ;  the  result  of  such  demand  has  naturally  been  to  augment  the  prices  of  the  faVourite  stocks  offering  for  investmen.t  We  have  had  no.  sales  since  our  last  report  of  United  States,  Government;  or  City  Stocks."
