text
"HORRIBLE  TRAGEDY  AT  SEA  By  the  Indian  Mail,  lust  arrived,  we  are  put  in  possession  of  the  following  painful  particulars  which  we  copy  from  the  Friend  of  India  Extra:—  .  .  The  well  known  clipper  barque  Aratoon  Apcaf  9  of  Cal Calduttal  duttal Calduttal  II  enry  Lovett,  Master,  left  this  harbour  yesterdax  &amp;Orning  .  bound  to  Singapore  and  Calcutta,  the  crew  con consisting  sisting consisting  principally  of  Beirgalese,  with  eight  Chinese,  and  two  Chinese  carpenteri.  it:totting  to  the  log-book,  at  noon,  with  a  westerly  breeze,  dreezi  Island  was  N.  E.,  distant  52  miles.  This  is  the  last  entry.  At  midnight  the  Pilot  left,  and  this  morning  delivered  to  the  agents,  IVids'grs  Loleaca  and_  Co,,  here,  a  letter  from  Captain  Lovett,  covcri  ktf  one  f6f  Mrs:  tovet4,  in  Calcutta,  tole  forwarded  by  mairleag mairleaging  ing mairleaging  to-daY.  , STYLE=superscript  The  second  mate,  Mr.  Woodbiume,  relieved  the  chief  mate  on  his  *diet;  when  the  pilot  left.  Half  an  hour  afterward  the  Chinese  pail  dr  crew,  assisted  by  two  Chinese  passengers,  came  aft,  armed  - STYLE=superscript  very  sharp  square  knives,  and  having  disposed  of  the  second  mate,  and  thrown  him  overboard,  proceeded  into  the  cabin,  where  Wefe•  ing  Captain  Lovett,  Dr.  Thompson,  late  of  the  Lady  Mary  Wood,  gr:  Smith,  late  commander  of  the  Red  Rover,  passen-  GC  gers,  Mt:  .  Shirldng,  chief  mate,  and  an  European  lad  .(Charlie)  a  relatiVe  i  we  believe,  of  Captain  Lovett's.  Of  all  those  five  perSorat,  only  Captain  Lovett's  corpse  remains,  and  it  is  supposed;  finding  it  useless  to  resist  armed  men,  the  poor  felloWS  jumped  overboard.  There  arc  a  good  mane  blood  snietifs  on  the  sides  of  the  cabin  ;  but  no  appearance  by  which  it  might  be  inferred  that  they  were  killed  on  board.  The  chief  mate's  cabin  is  cut  about  a  good  deal,  At  the  time  of  assault,  a  poor  Portuguese  secunie,  by  the  name  of  Augustrie,  was  at  the  wheel.  He  says  they  tried  to  kill  him  also,  but  he  got  away  up  the  rigging,  where  also  fled  the  lascar  seamen  to  watch.  The  gunner,  who  brought  the  Arratoon  Apcar  into  har harbour  bour harbour  that  molting  ;  a  little  after  eight,  with  ensign  flving  union  downwards,  says  he  slept  forward  until  two  o'clock,  when  he  was  awoke  by  the  Lasears  from  abaft,  and  learned  what  had  happened.  On  going  aft,  be  Met  Captain  Lovett,  who  said,  Give  me  a  drink  of  and  hating  taken  it,  drew  a  long  breath  - STYLE=superscript  land  expired,  death  having  occurred  from  a  severe  cut  in  the  abdomen  where  the  bowels  were  protruding.  The  gunner  found  both  the  quarter-boats  gone,  the  topsail  halyards  cut  away,  the  gnus  spiked,  and  fire  in  the  after  hold,  the  scoundrels  having  attempted  to  blow  up  the  vessel.  About  six  o'clock  in  the  morning,  a  pilot  came  on  board,  somewhere  about  Linting,  and  with  his  assistance  the  brig  was  brought  into  Hong  Kong.  As  the  vessel  was  not  far  from  two  islands  at  the  time,  it  is  possible  that  the  missing  people  were  able  to  reach  the  shore.  Mr.  Smith,  it  is  said,  jumped  overboard  unwounded,  and,  being  a  good  swimmer,  we  entertain  strong  hopes  for  his  safety.  Two  steamers  leave  for  a  search  immediately.  Captain  Lovett's  dog,  of  the  English  bull-breed,  is  cut  severely  across  the  nose  and  hip  ;  and  having,  it  is  said,  fastened  his  teeth  pretty  deeply  in  the  calves  of  the  FiS  _  _  .  •  1  •  sailants'  legs,  it  is  hoped  that  by  the  aid  of  the  mark  wretches,  who  cannot  be  far  off,  may  be  discovered.  '  was  not  much  treasure  on  board  to  excite  th  The  eight  seamen  had  been  two  voyages  in  the  cupidity  POLICE  COURTS.-YESTERDAY  LIVERPOOT  MOTHER  AND  DAUGHTER.—Margaret  Kelly,  senior,  and  Margaret  Kelly,  junior,  mother  and  daughter,  were  charged  with  stealing  a  quantity  of  wearing  .  apparel.  On  Wednesday,  Patrick  M'Evoy,  saw  them  coming  down  Victoria-street  with  a  bundle,  apparently  containing  clothes.  Elizabeth  Newsom  had  lost  the  clothes  on  the  same  day.  The  pawnbroker,  where  the  clothes  were  pledged,  identified  the  prisoners,  and  knew  some  of  the  clothes.  The  mother  said  she  had  bought  the  ticket  from  another  person,  but  she  could  not  bring  her  forward.  The  daughter,  who  was  a  very  good  looking  girl  of  about  18,  cried  bitterly  upon  hearing  that  the  magistrate  decided  on  sending  the  case,  to;trial.  The  value  of  the  clothes  stolen  was  about  £B.  SLEEPING  MT.—Mary  Morgan  was.  charged  with  having  been  found,  on  Wednesday  morning,  at  10  o'clock,  in  the  bonding  warehouse  of  Messrs.  Armitage  &amp;  Co.,  Tower Towergarden.  garden. Towergarden.  She  was  perfectly  sober  when  taken  into  custody,  however,  in  defence,  she  said  that  being  drunk  the  night  before  she  had  got  into  the  premises,  but  how  she  could  not  tell—she  was  never  more  surprised  in  her  life  than  when  she  awoke.  The  magistrate  gave  her  the  benefit  of  the  doubt  as  to  the  criminal  intention,  and  the  prisoner  was  discharged.  Urrßanco  BASE  COlN.  —Elizabeth  Wilson  was  charged  with  passing  a  base  shilling  to  Mr.  Talbot,  druggist,  99,  St.  Jame's-street.  She  gave  it  in  payment  for  some  worm  powders,  and  the  impression  of  Mr.  Talbot  was,  that  she  was  the  same  woman  who,  about  ten  days  ago,  passed  him  a  base  shilling  in  exchange,  for  a  similar  commodity.  In  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  a  legal  difficulty  in  the  matter,  the  prisoner  was  discharge  d.  STEALING  IRON.—Michael  Moran  and  Richard  Bell,  two  young  lads  of  the  true  vagrant  stamp,  were  charged  with  stealing  iron  from  the  warehouse  of  James  Lyon,  Hatton Hattongarden.  garden. Hattongarden.  The  case  against  Bell  was  fully  proved,  and  he  was  sentenced  to  three  months  imprisonment.  Moran,  who  had  been  four  times  before  committed,  was  remanded  to  this  day.  AN  - STYLE=superscript  UNGRATEFUL  SERVANT.—Elizabeth  Walter  was  charged  with  stealing  a  silk  handkerchief,  the  property  of  Mrs.  Ann  Conway,  No.  2,  Norton-street.  The  prisoner'had  come  to  her  to  say  that  being  destitute,  she  would  apply  to  the  parish.  Prosecutrix  said  that  as  she  was  an  elderly  wo woman,  man, woman,  she  might  have  a  home  with  her  if  she  would  take  care  of  her  children.  Next  day  she  found  prisoner  drunk  ;  asked  her  where  she  had  got  drink,  and  she  said  she  had  pledged  a  pair  of  blankets  belonging  to  herself—asked  for  the  ticket,  and  on  her  producing  it,  she  found  it  was  for  a  handkerchief.  Prisoner  was  remanded  till  to-day  BURGLARY  IN  GROVE-STREET.—ltichard  Dunne,  John  Singleton,  John  M'Nulty,  and  Bridget  M'Nulty,  the  two  first  little  boys,  the  two  latter,  man  and  wife,  were  charged  with  being  concerned  in  a  burglary  in  Grove-street.  Mr.  Owens  appeared  for  the  first  two  Fisoners.  Mrs.  Myers,  66,  Grove-street,  said  that  on  Wednesday  evening,  she  had  been  informed  by  her  daughter,  that  the  house  was  robbed.  She  was  in  the  dining-room  at  the  time,  and  upon  going  down,  she  missed  a  quantity  of  silver  plate,  forks,  spoons,  a  teapot,  and  other  articles.  Officer  387,  said  that  on  the  day  in  question,  about  two  o'clock,  he  observed  the  two  young  lads  with  a  bag,  and  saw  one  shew  the  other  a  quan quantity  tity quantity  of  silver  plate.  The  smallest  of  the  two  said  that  they  had  entered  a  house  by  a  back  door,  in  Falkner-square.  He  also  said  that  they  had  taken  a  teapot,  but  that  it  being  too  heavy  they  had  thrown  it  into  a  mudding.  Anne  Meylers,  servant  to  Mrs.  Myers,  deposed  to  missing  the  property.  A  lad,  who  appeared  to  have  been  an  accomplice,  gave  evidence  as  to  selling  the  plate  at  the  house  of  the  two  M'Nuity's.  Mr.  Owens  depreciated  taking  such  evidence,  the  only  particle  there  was  to  implicate  his  clients.  All  the  parties  were  remanded  for  a  week.  TAKING  AN  UNFAIR  ADVANTAGE.—An  officer  said  that  late  on  Wednesday  night,  a  gentleman  informed  him  that  he  had  sun  a  woman  take  a  bundle  from  another  woman  who  was  sleeping  on  some  stef  s,  in  Dale  Street.  On  going  a  little  further,  the  gentleman  pointed  out  the  prisoner  as  the  person.  On  getting  into  a  crowd,  his  informant  went  away,  and  the  officer  could  not  since  find  him.  Remanded  to  this  day.  STEALING  WEARING  APPAREL.  James  Jack  Son  was  charged  with  stealing,  on  Wednesday  afternoon,  a  quantity  of  wearing  apparel,  from  the  ship  lying  in  Salt Salthouse  house Salthouse  Dock,  John  Sheppard  said,  that  he  was  aloft  when  he  saw  the  prisoner  leaving  the  ship,  as  he  thought,  much  too  bulky  he  immediately  came  down,  and  stopping  the  prisoner,  found  his  coat  and  shirt  upon  him.  He  gave  him  in  charge  to  the  police.  The  culprit  was  six  times  before  committed  ;  to  be  imprisoned  for  three  months.  EASILY  OVERCOME.—A  German,  whose  name  we  did  not  catch,  charged  Winifred  Moore,  with  taking  from  his  per person,  son, person,  ,f  5  10s.  Od.  in  gold.  He  said  that  on  last  Monday,  he  took  one  glass  of  ale—one  mass  of  ale  always  gets  into  his  head  !  Met  the  prisoner  who  brought  him  into  a  house,  where  fell  asleep.  On  awaking  in  the  morning  he  found  his  money  was  gone—and  she  was  gone  !  and  I  find  myself  all  by  myself  in  a  dark  Prisoner  who  had  been  eleven  times  before  convicted,  was  committed  for  trial.  STEALING  MONEY.—John  Harris  and  Mary  Harris,  re remanded  manded remanded  from  Wednesday,  for  stealing  money  and  wearing  apparel  from  a  house  in  Freeman-street,  were  sentenced  to  be  severally  imprisoned  for  three  months.  PAYING  DEAR  FOR  SIGHT  SEElNG.—William  Chartley,  respectably  clad  man,  of  considerable  obesity,  was  charged  with  stealing  three  sovereigns  from  the  person  of  John  Cheshire.  Prosecutor  said  that  prisoner  brought  him  into  a  public  house,  and  treated  him  to  a  pint  of  ale.  The  house  was  in  Tithebarne  street.  This  sleek  well-fed  man,  told  him  he  would  show  him  all  the  sights  of  the  town,  and  in  addition  get  him  a  respectable  lodging.  He  first  brought  him  down  to  see  the  but  before  he  gave  him  any  further  insight  into  Liverpool  life,  prosecutor  found  himself  minus  £3  10s.,  all  the  money  he  had.  Upon  the  prisoner's  person  were  found  three  Ten-pound  notes,  of  the  Bank  of  twelve  flash  sovereigns,  and  four  half-sove half-sovereigns  reigns half-sovereigns  of  the  same  kind.  The  sentence  was  three  months'  imprisonment.  Won't  I  get  my  money  ?  (Laughter.)  Mr.  Walters  (the  Clerk)—There  is  no  money.  PLEADING  IGNORANCE.—WiIIiam  Smith,  George  Heron,  and  James  Birkett,  were  charged  by  Officer  158,  with  stealing  ballads  from  a  stall  at  158  Goree  Piazza,  kept  by  an  old  wo woman.  man. woman.  One  of  the  prisoners  said  in  defence,  that  he  could  not  read,  and  therefore  had  no  business  with  The  Magistrate  said  he  was  not  charged  with  reading  but  stealing.  All  three  prisoners  were  well  known  to  the  police,  and  were  committed  for  three  months  each.  SHOOTING  WITH  INTENT  TO  MllRDER.—Captain  Mattress,  of  the  barque  Mantangus,  was  charged  with  having  shot  at  one  of  his  crew,  in  Bahia,  thereby  severely  wounding  him  in  the  shoulder  with  intent  to  murder  him.  The  seaman,  whose  name  is  Wake,  now  lies  in  the  hospital  there,  and  the  British  Consul  in  Bahia  has  sent  home  some  three  witnesses  from  there,  who  are  at  present  in  Liverpool,  to  give  evidence  against  the  captain.  Mr.  Robinson  appeared  on  the  part  of  the  government,  and  Mr.  Woodburn  for  the  prisoner.  The  latter  gentleman  applied  for  a  remand  till  Saturday,  which  was  granted.  _  CLAIMS  FOR  Wnons.—Eli  Guy,  a  seaman,  brought  a  claim  for  wages  amounting  to  £l2  19s.  5d.,  aga  i  ns  t  C  apta  i  n  Petigull  of  the  ship  Sir  Charles  Napier.  Mr.  Owens,  solicitor,  appeared  on  behalf  of  the  plaintiff.  It  appeared  the  plaintiff  in  this  case  shipped  on  board  the  above  named  vessel,  at  Milford,  on  the  14th  of  January  for  £2  a-month,  as  ordinary  seaman,  to  go  to  Nobile  aid  Croustadt  ;  but  the  ramarsrassatamasismaga&amp;  yams  captain  finding  he  was  incompetent  to  do  his  duty,  sent  Min  to  wait  on  the  carpenter,  and  would  only  give  him  £1  10s.  a-month,  and  it  was  to  recover  the  balance  that  the  presenti  claim  was  made.  The  summon  was  dismissed.—A  claim  for  a  balance  of  wages  made  by  Philomen  Lee,  against.,  Captain  Petigill,  was  dismissed,  Lee  having  shipped  as  an  able  seaman,  and  was  found  incompetent  to  discharge  the  duties  he  undertook."
