text
"TAL  ACCIDENT  ON  THE  EAST  LANCASHIRE  RAIL  WAY.  THE  INQUEST  YESTERDAY.  Yesterday  we  were  only  enabled  to  announce  the  fact  that  a  fatal  accident  had  occured  on  the  above  line  of  railway,  by  which  two  persons  had  been  killed,  within  the  immediate  precincts  of  this  borough.  The  accident  occurred  about  eleven  o'clock,  on  the  arrival  of  the  luggage  train  at  the  goods  station  in  Great  Howard Howardstreet.  street. Howardstreet.  The  parties  killed  were,  William  Parker,  the  guard  to  that  train,  and  a  female  named  Mary  Hurst,  wife  of  Mr.  John  Hurst,  veterinary  surgeon,  Juvenal-street.  It  appears  that  the  latter  left  her  home  in  the  morning  on  business  to  Ormskirk,  and  being  ton  late  for  the  last  passenger  train  from  that  place,  she,  in  company  with  another  person,  re requested  quested requested  the  favour  of  being  permitted  to  come  home  by  the  luggage  train,  and  took  second  class  tickets  at  the  station  for  that  purpose.  Upon  the  arrival  of  the  train  they  entered  the  guard's  van,  and  arrived  safe  at  the  Liverpool  station,  where  they  alighted,  and  were  crossing  the  rails,  when  the  engine  attached  to  the  train,  having  been  disunited  from  the  carriages,  knocked  them  down  and  most  frightfully  mangled  their  bodies.  The  guard's  head  was  so  much  lace lacerated  rated lacerated  that  his  features  were  not  in  the  least  discernable,  and  he  was  killed  on  the  spot.  Mrs.  Hurst  had  one  leg  com completely  pletely completely  severed  from  her  ,body,  and  the  'other  partially  so  ;  she  lived  but  for  a  few  minutes.  Their  bodies  were  imme immediately  diately immediately  conveyed  to  the  Northern  Hospital.  Yesterday  evening,  at  five  o'clock,  p.m.,  an  inquest  was  held  at  the  coroner's  office,  upon  the  bodies  of  the  two  unfortunate  deceased,  William  Parker,  the  guard,  and  Mary  Hurst,  killed  at  the  goods  terminus  of  the  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Railway,  Great  Howard-street,  on  Monday  night.  The  jury  having  been  impanelled,  proceeded  to  the  Northern  Hospital  to  view  the  bodies,  which  present  a  most  awful  sight,  both  being  dreadfully  mutilated,  after  which  the  evidence  was  proceeded  with.  The  following  gentlemen  were  present,  from  the  Railway  Company  :—Mr.  James  Callen,  goods  manager,  Mr.  John  Penme,  joint  superintendent,  and  Mr.  Shaw,  passenger  superintendent.  Mr.  Yates,  solicitor,  attended  to  watch  the  inquiry  on  behalf  of  the  relatives  of  Mrs.  Hurst  George  Glaister  stated  :  I  am  a  stone-mason  in  the  employ  of  Messrs.  Holme.  Last  night  about  a  quarter-past  ten  o'clock,  I  left  Ormskirk  by  the  luggage  train  of  the  East  Lancashire  Railway  for  Liverpool.  The  train  was  a  long  one,  consisting  of  about  twenty-four  wagons.  The  deceased  female  was  in  the  same  train  with  me.  Near  eleven  o'clock  we  arrived  at  Liverpool  station.  The  train  was  stopped  nearly  opposite  the  stairs  which  lead  from  the  line  to  the  yard  in  Great  Howard Howardstreet.  street. Howardstreet.  It  was  very  dark.  The  deceased  man,  who  was  a  guard  got  out,  having  first  put  out  his  own  lamps.  I  was  well  acquainted  with  the  locality  of  the  place  where  the  train  stopped,  having  frequently  had  work  to  do  there.  I  asked  the  guard  to  take  us  down  by  the  stairs,  and  he  said  he  would.  I  then  got  out  of  the  van,  and  the  guard  and  I  then  helped  two  females  out.  There  was  only  light  from  the  lamps  on  each  side  of  the  railway.  Before  I  got  out  I  could  see  the  engine,  which  had  been  attached  to  the  train,  go  a-head,  and  return  past  us  on  another  side—on  the  side  next  the  docks.  After  we  had  walked  about  18  or  20  yards,  as  I  supposed,  for  the  purpose  of  getting  to  the  steps,  the  engine  came  alongside  the  line  on  which  we  happened  to  be;  walking  and  struck  against  me  and  shoved  me  sideways  and  then  struck  against  the  guard.  I  saw  the  engine  strike  him  and  drive  him  before  it.  I  did  not  see  whether  it  struck  the  •  female,  for  she  was  just  in  advance  of  him.  The  first  intimation  I  had  of  the  approach  of  the  engine  was  the  striking  against  me  ;  but  I  think  it  must  have  been  coming  at  a  slow  pace.  I  walked  up  the  line  to  see  what  had  become  of  the  parties.  I  found  the  portion  of  a  limb  on  the  off  side  of  the  rail.  I  was  going  towards  the  wall  when  a  person  called  out,  —what  are  you  doing  there  ?  I  said  there  has  been  a  sad  accident  to  the  guard  and  a  female.  Two  men  came  up  with  lights.  I  saw  the  female  lying  on  the  line  ;  the  engine  had  passed  down  ;  part  of  one  leg  being  cut  off.  About  70  yards  further  I  found  the  guard.  He  was  quite  dead.  Ido  not  consider  there  was  any  blame  to  any  person,  as  I  had  asked  the  guard  to  take  us  down  by  the  stairs.  It  is  not  usual  to  take  pas passengers  sengers passengers  by  the  luggage  trains.  There  was  no  other  person  connected  with  the  train  but  ourselves,  the  driver  and  stoker.  By  Mr.  YATES—I  paid  the  fare  at  Ormskirk,  and  asked  the  station-master,  as  a  favour,  if  he  would  let  me  come  by  the  luggage  train,  as  I  was  too  late  for  the  passenger  train.  I  paid  second  class  fare.  I  have  travelled  on  other  lines  by  the  luggage  train,  but  not  on  this.  I  never  asked  the  favour  before.  I  asked  to  come  by  the  train.  The  station-master  said,  The  guard  is  responsible,  I  don't  know  if  he  will  take  you,  but  you  can  come  and  When  we  arrived  at  the  station,  the  carriages  were  shunted  on  the  west  side  of  the  line  at  the  goods  station.  We  came  in  the  one  with  the  guard.  When  the  train  stopped  we  got  out  on  the  east  side  of  the  line,  m  here  all  the  rails  are  bad  ones.  It  is  the  usual  side  for  t'  - STYLE=superscript  ie  passengers  to  get  out.  I  asked  the  guard  to  take  us  down  the  wooden  stairs.  They  are  on  the  west  side.  I  saw  the  engine  go  forward,  but  I  did  not  know  it  was  coming  back.  It  was  the  buffer  of  the  engine  struck  me.  I  did  not  hear  any  whistle  directly  before  the  accident  occurred.  There•  was  no  other  warning  given  that  the  engine  was  approaching.  I  heard  a  whistle  about  three  minutes  before,  but  I  thought  I  was  quite  safe,  being  with  the  guard,  as  he  had  told  me  he  ran  that  station  regularly.  The  guard  pat  011  th.  vat  before  we  got  out  of  the  van.  When  I  asked  the  guard  to  take  us  out  at  the  station  he  said  he  would.  I  have  no  doubt  but  that  he  intended  to  take  us  by  the  stairs  into  Great  Howard-street.  There  are  a  number  of  lamps  near.  Just  before  the  engine  came  up  I  saw  that  we  were  on  the  line,  and  called  out.  The  guard  was  per perfectly  fectly perfectly  sober  at  the  time.  Re-examined  :  The  guard  put  out  the  lights  connected  with  the  carriages.  By  a  Juror  :  There  were  lights  on  the  engine,  but  our  backs  were  towards  it,  and  it  was  running  slowly.  The  engine  had  not  been  turned,  it  was  merely  backed.  Peter  Whelp,  a  night-inspector  on  the  railway,  spoke  to  going  up  and  finding  the  bodies  as  described  by  the  witness.  He  said  after  the  arrival  of  the  goods  train  it  is  the  duty  of  the  engine  driver  to  go-a-head  a  little,  and  then  return  by  the  outer  siding,  so  as  to  go  up  the  departure  line  and  put  the  engine  up  for  the  night.  I  detached  the  engine  from  the  train  but  did  not  see  the  porters,  and  went  away  to  my  work.  The  deceased  persona  and  the  last  witness  must  have  been  walking  on  or  near  the  departure  line,  along  which  the  engine  had  to  go.  Henry  Bulfield  was  the  engineer  and  Wright  Wetherton,  was  the  stoker  attached  to  the  train.  By  Mr.  Yates  :  The  engine  belongs  to  the  East  Lanca Lancashire  shire Lancashire  company.  It  is  very  seldom  that  passengers  come  by  the  goods  train.  ••John  Mitchel  was  examine],  but  his  :evidence  was  :not  material.  The  engine  driver,  after  being  cautioned  by  the  coroner,  said  he  did  not  know  there  was  any  person  in  the  van.  I  saw  the  guard,  as  I  thought,  but  I  could  not  swear  that  it  was  him  put  the  lights  out.  The  engine  was  going  on  very  slow—merely  walking,  at  the  time  of  the  accident.  I  had  sounded  the  whistle.  I  did  not  feel  the  engine  pass  over  either  of  the  bodies;  if  it  had  I  think  I  must  have  felt  it.  The  Coroner  summed  up  the  evidence,  and  left  it  for  the  jury  to  say  whether  it  was'  by  any  gross  neglect  on  the  part  of  the  company,  or  their  servants,  that  the  two  deceased  had  met  with  their  death.  _  _  The  jury,  after  consulting  together  for  about  half  an  hour,  returned  a  verdict  that  the  deceased,  William  Parker  and  Mary  Hurst,  were  accidentally  killed,  but  at  the  same  time  deprecated  the  practice  of  allowing  passengers  to  travel  by  luggage  trains."
