text
"LECTURE  ON  THE  INQUISITION  Mr.  J.  SPENCER  NORTHCOTE  delivered  a  lecture  upon  the  Inquisition  at  the  Concert  Hall  list  night.  The  hall  and  galleries  were  very  much  crowded.  The  chair  was  taken  by  the  Rev.  Mr.  NUGENT,  and  upon  the  platform,  besides  seve several  ral several  Roman  Catholic  gentlemen,  there  were  Messrs.  J.  C.  Corbally,  John  Lynch,  John  Yates,  jun,  James  Levingston,  R.  H.  Shiel,  Clements,  Hare,  V.  Challoner,  &amp;c.  &amp;c.  The  lecturer  commenced  by  describing  the  origin  of  the  Inquisition,  which  might  be  traced  to  a  decree  of  the  council  of  Verona,  published  in  the  12th  century,  enjoininc  , STYLE=superscript  all  bishops  to  make  an  inspection  regarding  the  number  of  heretics  in  their  dioceses.  He  then  proceeded  to  vindicate  it  as  a  legal  tribunal.  He  contended  that  so  far  from  being  bloodthirsty  in  its  nature,  it  showed  every  leaning  towards  the  accused,  by  allowing  full  pardon,  only  awarding  some  slight  canonical  punishment  if  the  offence  were  confessed,  by  compelling  the  accuser,  before  any  other  step  were  taken,  to  prove  the  grounds  of  suspicion  upon  the  oaths  of  five  wit witnesses,  nesses, witnesses,  and  to  take  an  oath  that  he  was  not  actuated  by  malice.  By  distinguishing  offences  committed  in  the  heat  of  passion,  which  were  only  visited  with  a  nominal  punishment,  and  by  granting  the  accused  the  fullest  extent  of  time  neces necessary  sary necessary  to  bring  forward  witnesses  in  his  favour,  even  from  the  most  distant  countries.  He  replied  to  the  arguments  ad adduced  duced adduced  regarding  the  private  manner  in  which  arrests  were  made,  and  the  concealment  of  the  names  of  accusers  and  witnesses,  by  contending  that  the  first  measure  was  adopted  in  order  that  the  accused,  if  innocent,  should  not  be  sub subjected  jected subjected  to  loss  of  character  through  public  exposure,  and  that  the  latter  course  was  rendered  necessary,  as  otherwise  accusers  and  witnesses  would  have  been  in  those  days  liable  to  assassination.  Ile  then  came  to  deal  with  the  torturing  of  the  accused,  in  order  to  extort  confession,  and  the  punish punishment  ment punishment  awarded  to  the  condemned,  and  contended  that  in  both  instances  the  Inquisition  was  more  cautious  and  moderate  than  the  other  tribunals  of  the  age.  [At  this  period  of  the  lecture,  some  confusion  was  caused  by  the  gas,  which  had  been  for  some  minutes  growing  fainter,  becoming  at  last  extinguished  altogether].  Rev.  Mr.  NUGENT  came  forward  and  stated  that  he  had  heard  that  the  gas  in  many  parts  of  the  town  had  gone  out;  but  that  if  the  audience  would  keep  their  places  candles  would  be  brought  in.  After  some  delay,  (during  which  the  room  was  in  total  darkness,  cheers  were  called  for  and  given  for  the  Pope,  Mr.  Northcote,  and  Dr.  Cahill),  candles  were  introduced  into  the  building.  Rev.  Mr.  NUGENT  then  said  the  lecture  would  proceed  if  the  meeting  desired  it.  (Loud  cries  of  go  on,  go  Mr.  .NORTHCOTE  then  proceeded.  He  declared  the  inquisi inquisition  tion inquisition  to  have  been  holy  in  its  objects,  just  in  its  measures,  and  beneficial  in  its  results  ;  and  denounced  the  Protestant  historian,  Lorente,  as  a  bad  man  and  a  perjured  priest,  whose  history  was  a  series  of  exaggerations,  and  the  very  amount  of  whose  exaggerations  could  not  be  known,  because  he  had  himself  destroyed  the  testimoni  a  l  s  by  w  hi  c  h  they  could  be  refuted.  He  argued  that  the  histories  of  the  numbers  de destroyed  stroyed destroyed  by  the  Inquisition  were  altogether  exaggerated,  and  that  where  a  number  of  persons  were  merely  sentenced  to  a  light  punishment,  they  were  stated  by  historians  to  have  been  burnt.  In  conclusion,  he  accused  Protestants  of  having  been  at  all  times  intolerant,  and  as  sheaving  that  intolerance  in  the  present  day  by  the  manner  in  which  they  acted  to.  wards  persons  who  had  adopted  the  Roman  Catholic  religion.  The  lecturer  was  loudly  applauded.  Rev.  Mr.  NUGENT  proposed  a  vote  of  thanks  to  Mr.  North Northcote,  cote, Northcote,  which  was  carried  by  acclamation.  The  proceedings  then  terminated.  EXECUTION  OF  MOBBS  _FOR  THE  MURDER  OF  HIS  WIFE.  Yesterday  morning  the  extreme  penalty  of  the  law  was  carried  into  effect  upon  the  body  of  this  wretched  criminal,  who  was  convicted,  at  the  last  session  of  the  Central  Crimi Criminal  nal Criminal  Court,  of  the  murder  of  his  wife,  by  cutting  her  throat,  at  their  residence,  in  Enoch-court,  Aldgate.  As  usual,  on  such  occasions,  a  vast  concourse  of  spectators,  principally  the  very  dregs  of  society,  were  assembled  at  an  early  hour  in  front  of  Newgate  to  witness  the  melancholy  spectacle,  hun hundreds  dreds hundreds  in  fact  having  taken  up  their  position  shortly  after  midnight,  preferring  to  wait  all  night  sooner  than  be  de deprived  prived deprived  of  a  good  position.  It  being  apecied  that  the  crowd  would  be  unusually  great,  the  authorities  had  caused  additional  barriers  to  be  erected  at  various  points  of  the  Old  Bailey,  so  as  effectually  to  pre prevent  vent prevent  accidents,  the  dread  engine  of  death  being  erected  about  one  o'clock.  During  the  whole  of  Sunday,  crowds  of  persons  were  assembled  round  the  prison  eagerly  discussing  the  forthcoming  strangulation  of  a  fellow  creature,  with  a  morbid  pleasure  painfully  disgusting  to  behold.  The  crowd  actually  as assembled  sembled assembled  at  th  time  of  execution,  there  is  some  pleasure  in  remarking,  was  far  from  being  so  great  as  on  former  occa occasions,  sions, occasions,  there  not  being  more  than  from  4,000  to  5,000  persons  present,  and,  what  is  more  unusual,  but  few  females.  The  windows  of  the  houses  facing  the  drop  were  also  compara comparatively  tively comparatively  unoccupied,  shewing  that  hanging,  even  for  the  crime  of  murder,  has  lost  much  of  its  morbid  attraction.  After  the  wretched  culprit  had  taken  his  final  leave  of  his  four  children  on  Saturday,  he  became  more  calm  and  col collected,  lected, collected,  and  continued  absorbed  in  religious  meditation,  being  frequently  visited  by  the  Reverend  Ordinary,  Mr.  Davis.  From  his  first  admission  into  the  jail,  both  before  and  since  his  condemnation,  he  has  had  no  hope  that  his  life  would  be  spared,  and  has  repeatedly  so  expressed  himself,  and  never  altered  his  statement  from  that  contained  in  his  petition  to  the  Queen  for  mercy—that  he  was  driven  to  the  act  from  a  belief  that  his  wife  was  unfaithful  to  him.  On  Sunday  he  attended  for  the  last  time  in  the  chapel,  when  the  Rev.  Ordinary  preached  the  condemned  sermon,  and  paid  the  most  marked  attention  to  the  discourse  ;  in  fact  his  conduct  has  been  such  that  the  prison  authorities  state  a  better  conducted  criminal  was  never  within  its  walls.  After  the  conclusion  of  the  sermon  the  convict  was  visited  by  the  Sheriffs  and  the  Rev.  Ordinary,  and  he  repeated  his  thanks  for  the  kindness  that  had  been  shown  to  him.  He  continued  reading  from  his  bible  the  particular  portions  of  scripture  which  had  been  pointed  out  for  his  instruction.  He  retired  to  rest  at  an  early  hour,  and  appeared  to  sleep  calmly.  He  rose  soon  after  six  o'clock  yesterday  morning,  and  haring  partaken  sparingly  of  some  coffee  and  toast  that  was  provided  him,  he  was  visited  by  the  Rev.  Mr.  Davis,  who  found  him  devoutly  engaged  in  reading.  About  20  minutes  to  eight  he  expressed  a  desire  that  the  prayers  of  the  day  should  be  read.  At  half-past  seven  o'clock  the  sheriffs,  alderman  Wire  and  J.  T.  Wallis,  Esq.,  with  the  undersheriffs,  Mr.  Anderton  and  Mr.  Smith,  arrived  at  the  prison,  and  about  a  quarter  to  eight  they  were  introduced  to  the  cell  of  the  prisoner,  in  the  Chapel-yard,  where  they  found  hi  m  sea  t  e  d  a  t  a  table,  with  his  bible  and  prayer  book  open  before  him  •  he  appeared  quite  prepared  for  th  e  v  i  s  it,  an  d  l  oo  k  e  d  up  calmly,  perfectly  resigned,  and  being  told  the  fatal  moment  was  nearly  arrived,  he  expressed  himself  prepared  to  meet  it.  At  his  request,  all  left  a  e  cell,  with  the  exception  of  the  sheriffs,  who  continued  with  the  doomed  man  upwards  of  ten  minutes;  the  usual  time  having  been  exceeded  by  several  minutes.  Mr.  Cope  entered  the  cell  with  the  undersheriffs,  and  announced  that  the  last  moment  had  arrived  for  the  procession  to  move.  The  wretched  man  at  once  rose,  but  at  the  request  of  Calcraft,  the  executioner,  who  had  entered  the  cell,  he  resumed  his  seat  while  his  arms  were  being  pinioned  back  by  a  strong  leather  buckle  strap,  instead  of  tying  the  hands,  as  hereto heretofore.  fore. heretofore.  During  the  operation  the  only  apparent  struggle  within  him  was  a  sort  of  spasmodic  cough,  which  he  could  not  restrain.  He  then  rose  with  a  firm  step,  and  walked  out  of  the  cell,  the  Rev.  Mr.  Davis  reading  the  burial  ser service,  vice, service,  preceded  by  the  Sheriffs,  the  bells  of  the  chapel  of  the  prison  and  St.  Sepulchre's  tolling  forth  the  death  knell.  As  soon  as  the  sound  was  heard  the  shouts  and  outcries  of  the  crowd,  of  hats  off  !  and  other  eager  manifestations  of  desiring  to  witness  the  last  scene  of  the  tragedy,  were  ap appalling.  palling. appalling.  As  the  wretched  man  passed  through  the  narrow  passages  to  the  lobby,  which  was  hung  with  black  cloth,  leading  to  the  fatal  drop,  he  appeared  to  gain  firmness,  and  ascended  the  steps  without  any  assistance,  and  placed  himself  beneath  the  fatal  beam.  Calcraft  speedily  placed  the  cap  over  his  head,  and  adjusted  the  fatal  noose,  the  ordinary  continuing  the  reading  of  the  service,  and  the  wretched  man  appearing  to  be  absorbed  in  inward  prayer,  his  lips  not  moving,  or  speaking  a  single  word.  The  signal  being  given,  the  bolt  was  drawn,  and  the  wretched  man  fell.  His  struggles  appeared  severe  for  many  minutes.  The  body  having  hung  the  usual  time,  the  sheriffs  returned  to  be  pre present  sent present  at  the  cutting  down,  which  having  been  done  by  the  executioner,  it  was  placed  in  a  coffin,  and  in  the  course  of  the  day  buried  in  the  precincts  of  the  prison.  The  prisoner,  who  was  attired  in  the  usual  prison  dress,  was  a  small  spare  man,  about  five  feet  six  inches  in  height,  about  forty  years  of  age,  with  a  calm  expression  of  countenance,  wholly  free  from  any  appearance  of  ferocity.  PRINCE  ALBERT  AT  CAMBRIDGE.—Prince  Albert,  accom accompanied  panied accompanied  by  the  Duke  of  Brabant,  is  to  visit  Cambridge  Uni University  versity University  to-day.  He  is  to  arrive  this  morning,  and  remain  till  to-morrow  afternoon.  A  rumour  is  current  that  the  Prince  Chancellor  will  (in  person)  confer  a  degree  upon  the  Duke.  DEATH  OF  THE  LATE  HEAD-CONSTABLE.—On  Sunday  forenoon  last,  Mr.  M.  M.  G.  Dowling,  who  for  several  years  filled  the  office  of  head-constable  and  commissioner  of  police  in  this  borough,  expired  at  his  residence  at  Wavertree.  Mr.  Dowling  had  for  some  years  been  declining  in  health,  and  since  seceding  from  the  police  he  had  had  several  attacks  of  paralysis,  which  had  destroyed  the  use  of  one  side,  and  almost  entirely  deprived  him  of  the  power  of  speech.  At  the  time  of  hi's  decease  Mr.  Dowling  was  in  his  66th  year.  THE  CORPORATION  OF  MANCHESTER  V.  THE  OVERSEERS  OF  MANCHESTER.—In  the  Court  of  Queen's  Bench  on  Sa Saturday  turday Saturday  last  an  appeal  of  the  Corporation  of  Monchester  came  on  for  argument.  The  case  was  taken  under  Mr.  Baines's  act  for  the  opinion  of  the  court.  The  question  was,  whether  the  corporation  of  Manchester  were  liable  to  be  rated  to  the  relief  of  the  poor  of  the  township  of  Manchester  in  respect  of  the  Corporation  Gasworks,  which  had  been  assessed  upon  a  rental  of  £5,000.  The  qu  es  ti  on  t  urn  ed  entirely  upon  the  construction  to  be  put  by  the  court  upon  the  I  3th  section  of  all  at  passed  for  lighting  the  town  of  of  Manchester,  by  which  it  was  enacted  that  the  property  held  by  the  corporation  should  be  exempt  from  parochial  rates  so  long  as  the  corporation  held  it  in  trust  for  the  said  township.  After  hearing  the  arguments,  Lord  Campbell,  and  Mr.  Justice  Erle  concurred  that  according  to  the  act  of  parliament  the  corporate  property  was  exempt.  Judg Judgment  ment Judgment  was  therefore.  for  the  appellants.  MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL  LIVERPOOL,  MONDAY  EVENING,  Owing  to  hurry  and  pressure  on  our  columns,  caused  by  the  receipt  of  our  intelligence  from  New  York  yesterday,  and  which  was  TWO  DAYS  later  than  that  contained  in  any  other  European  paper,  we  omitted  the  important  fact  that  flour  had  advanced  in  the  New  York  markets  1  shilling  per  barrel  after  the  departure  of  the  iagara.  This  advance  was  caused  by  the  advices  taken  out,  as  we  have  before  stated,  by  the  steamers  which  sailed  during  the  late  period  of  excitement  in  our  own  markets.  This  has  entirely  subsided  for  quite  a  fortnight,  and  the  next  intelligence  re received  ceived received  from  Europe  will  cause  a  marked  reaction  ;  and  when  we  take  into  account  the  stringency  of  the  American  money  market,  and  impossibility  of  speculators  holding  stocks,  we  should  not  be  sur surprised  prised surprised  to  hear  of  a  disastrous  panic  being  the  re result  sult result  of  recent  operations.  The  system  followed  by  the  American  Banks  at  the  present  moment  is  pre precisely  cisely precisely  similar  to  that  which  causes  such  rapid  de depreciation  preciation depreciation  in  the  value  of  every  commodity  in  this  country.  And  when  we  find  money  rating  at  12  to  18  per  cent.,  there  can  be  but  little  power  left  to  speculators  to  hold  stocks  or  maintain  prices.  We  therefore  repeat  that  the  trade  should  use  increased  caution  at  this  critical  moment.  The  London  Corn  Market  was  fully  attended  by  country  buyers  ;  but  the  supply  of  English  wheat  being  light,  the  rates  of  this  day  week  were  obtain obtained.  ed. obtained.  There  was  a  good  inquiry  for  foreign  wheat  of  intermediate  qualities,  at  Monday's  quotations.  There  was  a  good  supply  of  barley,  and  a  decline  of  Is,  to  2s.  per  quarter  was  submitted  to.  Beans  were  ts.  dearer.  Oats  were  in  fair  demand.  Rus Russian  sian Russian  was  quoted  6d.  to  Is.  per  quarter  higher.  The  price  of  flour  and  peas  was  unaltered.  The  London  Produce  Market  was  active  to-day.  Teas  were  in  demand  at  a  slight  advance.  Sound  Congou  realised  ls.  14d:  to  ls.  2d.  Coffee  was  dull  but  very  firm.  Native  Ceylon  465.  to  475.  Sugars  were  in  increased  demand.  Yellow  Havanna  235.  6d.  to  265.  in  bond.  Refined  brown  lumps  445.  Rice  is  still  wanted.  Madras  at  13s.  3d.  to  13s.  9d.  White  Bengal  at  14s.  9d.  to  16s.  Cotton  remains  firm,  but  demand  limited.  Tallow  is  not  so  much  sought  for._  P.Y.C.  at  565.  9d.  to  575.  on  the  spot.  THE  STOCK  IS  33,605  CASKS  Against  41,831  „  Deliveries  Against....  2,917  By  the  Port  - STYLE=superscript  Wallace,  from  Melbourne,  whence  she  sailed  July  4,  we  have  to  announce  the  arrival  of  10,108  ounces  of  gold,  and  by  the  Childe  Harold,  from  Sydney,  with  advices  to  July  20,  we  have  also  to  announce  the  arrival  of  2,300  ounces,  value  about  49,6001,  to  which  we  have  to  add  350,000  dollars,  making  the  total  imports  since  Saturday  119,600/.  These  large  imports  of  gold,  in  addition  to  the  large  sums  brought  by  the  Solent,  Niagara,  and  Manches Manchester,  ter, Manchester,  has  helped  to  increase  the  value  of  all  kinds  of  stocks  in  the  London  market.  Consols  closed  to today  day today  at  951  to  95  1 STYLE=superscript  .  Three  and  a  Quarter  per  Cents  95i  to  96k.  Ban  4 STYLE=superscript  lc  Stock  217  to  218.  Exchequer  Bills  ss.  to  Bs.  premium.  The  Foreign  Stock  Market  was  also  better.  Prus Prussian  sian Prussian  11]  to  112.  Mexican  241  to  24k.  Spanish  46  to  461.  New  Deferred  22k  to  221.  Russia  41  to  5.  The  Railway  and  General  Share  Market  was  also  much  more  bouyant.  The  Euxine  steamer,  which  was  to  leave  South Southampton  ampton Southampton  yesterday  for  the  Mediterranean  with  the  East  India  mails,  took  out  481,9601.  in  specie,  of  which  442,6201.  was  in  silver.  The  advises  from  Havanna  to  the  Ist  instant  re report  port report  the  rate  of  exchange  on  London  11  to  per  cent.  prem.  Freights  were  lower,  and  on  the  de decline  cline decline  ;  the  last  terms  were  London  or  the  Clyde,  3/.  ss.  ;  Falmouth  and  a  market,  31.  10s.  The  Liverpool  Cotton  Market  continues  quiet  and  firm.  The  sales  to-day  amounted  to  6,000  bales,  1,000  of  which  were  taken  for  export  and  speculation.  The  import  of  American  cotton  so  far,  this  week  amounts  to  5,813  bales,  including  ships  reported  this  day.  The  clearances  advised  per  Niagara,  for  week  ending  9th  November,  are  13,637  bales,  and  the  quantity  now  at  sea  for  this  port  sums  up  27,467  bales,  as  follows  :  New  York,  Oct.  19  Colonel  Cutts  221  Brought  forward,  10,632  Oct.  22  Empire  State  1117  6  Guiding  Star  2120  18  Chasca  -  2247  26  Bell  Rock  -  2491  Liverpool  318  24  Compromise  344  ...  -  9318  27  Franklin  King  1040  Charleston,  28  Will  Stetson  Menapia  28  Irvino  -  1356  29  Switzerland  2443  Nov.  1  G.  A.  Hopley  2705  Waltham  -  2038  -  8052  Mobile,  Oct.  -  8542  1  Hartford  -  1555"
