text
"NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.-LIVERPOOL  be  an  incalculable  blessing  to  mankind,  we  have  always  admitted;  but,  in  the  absence  of  any  prospect  of  attaining  this  great  and  holy  object,  we,  with  every  other  honest  and  indeperident  journal  in  the  land,  have  endeavoured  to  rouse  the  loyal,  patriotic,  and  determined  warlike  spirit  of  the  nation,  that  we  might  not  see  our  native  land  surprised  by  a  wily  enemy,  or  our  war  resources  xliausted  by  the•imbeeility  of  our  own  rulers,  or  the  treachery  of  professing  friends.  We  put  it  to  the  - STYLE=superscript  -British=  public  - STYLE=superscript  at  large  whether  their  - STYLE=superscript  Press  was  not  right  in  all  this  ?  France,  or  rather  reactionary  France,  thinks  not,  and  heaps  on  the  public  organs  of  England  a  bitter  rebuke.  The  pamphlet  commences  with  these  words  :--  According  as  the  probabilities  of  a  pacific  solu solution  tion solution  assume  greater  consistency,  certain  organs  of  the  English  press  are  endeavouring,  by  irritating  articles,  to  endanger  the  effect  of  sage  resolutions,  and  of  the  calm  attitude  of  the  Allied  In  misrepresenting  the  form  and  rch.aracter  of  a  document  which  it  is  the  duty  of  the  official  parties  to  keep  secret,  a  risk  is  run  of  offending  the  Power  which  Europe  has  applied  to  for  concess  sions,  when  the  interest  of  all  is  to  facilitate  the  led  on.  It  si  Governments  succe:  ling  now  t  ss  to  suppose  that  any  states  an  behold,  otherwise  t  in  with  the  deepest  We  have  in  judgment  on  imputing  to,  the  British  Press  the  dishonesty  of  purpose,  and  the  most  unwar  rantable  political  depravity.  We  can,  happily,  afford  to  bear  these  charges  as  two  years  experience  of  war  has  shown  the  public  that  all  the  Press  has  recorded  has  proved  but  too  true,  andiall  it  has  predicted  has  come  to  , STYLE=superscript  pass.  We  h  ave  witnessed  an  immense  sacrifice  of  life,  and  a  fuse 'profuse'  expenditure  of  treasure  ;  and  is  it  because  the  popular  organs  of  this  country  have  not  suggested  the  meeting  of  a  Congress  of  crowned,  heads,  to  adjust  what  is,  in  its  essence,  a  struggle  between  Constitutional  freedom  and  despotic  rule,  that  we  are  to  be  exposed  to  the  wrathful  scribbling  of  Parisian  censors,  or  French  pamphleteers  ?  That  the  Emperor  Napoleon  wrote,  or  evenfsanctioned,  the  publication  of  the  brochure  in  question  we  can cannot  not cannot  believe.  He  is  not  the  man  to  indulge  in  the  vulgarities  of  unscrupulous  political  historians,  and  to  '  remind  England  of  disasters  which  befel  her  in  the  management  of  I, STYLE=superscript  lonies  in  a  past  century,  and  in  an  age  when  the  punilc  less  enlightened,  and  the  popular  voice  had  scarcely  in  the  Imperial  Council.  S  o  much  for  the  auL.,„_  of  England's  condemnation.  We  will  now  pass  in  review  the  principles  and  plans  propounded  in  this  anonymous  production.  Having  alluded  to  the  awkward  circumstances  hich  preceded  the  presont  close  alliance  between  France  and  England,  the  nameless  writer  contends  that  the  Allies  have  a  right  to  proclaim,  that  in  present  a  sacrifice  incompatible  with  the  making  a  ,  Russia  cannot  decline  in  pub pub..  .. pub..  .ary,  she  must  eem  of  Europe,  price  upon  it  export.  Each  weekly  packet  from  the  United  States  must,  also,  bring  a  large  bullion  freight.  Both  Australia  and  America  have  become  the  pro producers  ducers producers  of  that  metal  wdlibut  which  our  politicA  econotiikts*Atend  we  vaiiti  - STYLE=superscript  ot  exist,  while  they  boast  that'  the  system  ,  V STYLE=superscript  they  have  laid  down  to  obtain,  and  retain  a  large  'supply  of  bullion  in  this  country,  is  the  most  perfect'  piece  of  machinery  human  ingenuity  could  have  invented.  Those  who  extol  the  laws  which  regulate  the  influx  and  efflux  of  gold,  throw  aside  altogether  the  natural  laws  of  supply  and  demand  andi  takg  'gold  but  clf  the  category  of  commodities.  They  selected  it  as  the  arbitrary  standard  of  value  when  it  was  the  scarcest  of  all  metals  ;  and  when  its  production  rfrOm  pirres  and  regions  difficult  of  access  was  rendered  impossible,.by  the  low  price  placed  upon  it.  Having  first  deprived  the  people  of  this  country  of  the  use  of  that.paper  which  had  done  so  much  for  all  classes  in  war,  for  industrial  and  peaceable  purposes,  they  next  endeavoured  to  retard  the  importation  of  bullion  by  the  low  Mint  price  placed  upon  it.  Whether  there  was  any  well  defined  political  object  in  such  a  course  is  a  question  into  which  Ivo  need  the  triumphs  gained  by  arbi  a  failed  in  checking  the  mercantile,  and  the  social  advance  lie  working,  classes  s  enough  for  us  to  bear  in  mind  the  fact  that  gold  can  be  no  longer  considered  the  scarcest  of  metals,  and  that  we  are  no  longer  tied  down  to  the  quantity  which  _the  world  possessed  in  1819,  when  it  was  selected  as  the  standard  of  price,  and  the  basis  of  our  money  power.  As  a  standard,  even  with  a  costly  war  tending  to  give  it  a  high  artificial  value,  we  find  it  quoted  in  the  bullion  market  at  775.  9d.  for  bars,  and  76s-  3d.  per  ounce  for  coin,  while  the  Bank  of  England  are  compelled  to  give  775.  9d.  for  all  gold  taken  to  them  of  standard  fineness.  And  while  the  State  is  bound  to  return  through  the  Mint  775•  100.  per  ounce  in  coin,  reducing  American  eagles  to  bars  of  standard  fineness  at  765.  3d.  per  ounce,  and  sending  them  to  the  Mint  to  be  re-coined  into  Legal  Tender  of  the  value  of  775.  101  d.,  would  be  by  no  means  an  unprofitable  business.  But  that  there  must  be  a  heavy  loss  incurred  somewhere  in  the  course  of  these  operations  is  self-evident;  and  is  the  State  to  be  at  the  expense  of  supporting  a  standard  price,  which  is  positively  against  this  coun country  try country  and  in  favour  of  all  others  ?  With  regard  to  the  basis  of  our  circulation,  and  the  true  extent  of  our  money  power,  we  can  now  boast  of  a  supeificial  of  fifties  of  miles  in  California,  and  of  hundreas  v.  Of  the  richest  gold  fields  i  n  Australia.  Our  means  or  a',T  nmun  i  cat  i  on  with  those  countries  are  iilimitable  ;  anct  time  required  for  the  transit  of  gold  both  from  America  and  the  Antipodes  may  be  calculated  within  a  few  hours  and  days.  The  'production  of  that  precious  metal  in  both  of  these  prolific  regions  goes  on  increasing  steadily  from  month  to  month.  How  comes  it,  then,  that  with  all  these  great  advantages  giving  consistency  and  vitality  to  our  money  laws,  and  sanctifying,  as  if  by  a  miracle,  the  wildest  and  most  besotted  theories  of  the  bullion bullionist,  ist, bullionist,  our  Banks  have  the  cool  temerity  to  say  that  that  which  they  call  money  is  scarce,  to  demand  six  and  seven  per  cont.  for  bills  having  not  more  than  95  days  to  run,  and  to  contract  the  accommodation  required  to  sustain  the  trade  and  industry  of  the  community,  at  a  moment  when  the  defence  and  safety  of  the  Empire  demand  that  both  profits  and  wages  should  be  maintained  ?  Do  they  doubt  the  existence  of  inexhaustible  supplies  of  gold  in  California  and  Australia  ?  Do  they  question  our  power  of  producing  exchangeable  commodities  to  give  for  gold,  or  the  certainity  of  our  means  of  transit?  Or  ea,n  it  be  they  Suspect  that  the  practical  operation  of  our  bullion  laws  will  fail  in  securing  us  the  lion's  share  of  the  metallic  trea treasure  sure treasure  produced  in-our  C,)lonies  and  America  ?  No  such  ideas  can  enter  the  noddles  of  the  most  rampant  advocates  Of  the  present  usurious  rates  of  interest.  We  have  entered  on  a  ry  of  P.  icres  b  new  era,  EEL,  JONES  LOYD,  and  all  the  L(31(  to  the  days  of  ADAM  SMITH  ;o  for  nothing  If  we  require  a  metallic  reserve  in  our  Banks  of  100,000,0001.,  if  there  be  any  truth  in  the  prevailing  monetary  doctrines,  and  reason  in  the  advocates  of  the  law  as  it  now  stands,  the  accu accumulation  mulation accumulation  of  that  sum  must  take  place  within  a  miraculously  short  space  of  time  ;  and  the  present  rates  of  interest  demanded  for  money  can  only  be  looked  upon  as  a  monster  Banking  shave.  There  are  those  who  contend  that  if,our  present  system  does  not  keep  gold  in  the  country;  as  long  as  we  abide  by  it  there  is  no  principle  by  which  other  states  can  keep  large  accumulations  of  bullion  from  us,  that  the  evils  we  now  complain  of  are  purely  momentary,  and  that  great  as  the  depreciation  in  the  value  of  our  national  substance  may  be,  still  it  cannot  be  avoided.  The  fool  BRUTUS  could  scarcely  have  d•ivised  a  more  ingenious  defence  to  appease  the  wrath  of  a  suffering  and  exasperated  multitude.  Between  the  Ist  January  and  the  18th  of  July,  1852,  a  period  of  six  months  and  a  half,  We  saw  the  bunion  reserves  of  the  Bank  of  England  increase  4,675,0001.,  or  from  17,557,0001.  to  22,232,0001.  Again,  from  April  5  to  June  14,  1855,  just  two  months  and  nine  days,  we  witnessed  another  increase  of  2,982,0001:  or  from.  15,079,000/.  to  18,061,0001.  In  three  years,  or  rather  from  1:851to  1854,  the  Bank  of  England  were  large  buyers  of  gold,  a  subject  to  which  we  will  call  the  attention  of  our  readers  at  an  early  date,  as  the  Bank's  transactions  at  those  periods,  shew  that  there  is  no  difficulty  in  obtain obtaining  ing obtaining  as  much  as  15,000,000  i.  of  bullion  •  within  a  year,  as  i  they  did  in  1852,  when  it  suits  the  Directors'  views  to  enter  the  bullion  market  as  buyers.  In  a  word,  there  can-be  no  real  Want  of  bullion  felt  in  this  country,  after  the  gold  discoveries  that  have  taken  place.  04r  present  commercial,  embarrassments,  and  industrial  miseries,  date,  altogether,  from  a  vain  attempt  to  force  'on  this  country,  principles  which  are  not  only  at  variance  with  sound  theories,  but  which  have  been  totally  overthrown  by  an  entirely  new  condition  of  things.  PEEL'S  object  was  to  give  us  the  command,  by  law,  )f  a  sufficient  stock  of  bullion,  at  a  fixed  maximum  ;  whereas,  that  metal  can  now  be  produced  limit,  at  one-sixth  of  the  price  he  placed  It  is,  in  ,fact.  our  Mint  standard,  and  not  the  law  of  demand  and  .  supply,  which  keeps  up  its  value  without  and  until  the  laws  of  1819  and  1844  are  repealed,  we  shall  never  escape  those  anomalies  from  which  we  are;  now  suffering.  If  we  wait  foy  gold  to  I  repeal  the  Bank  Charter  Act,  by  the  increase  in  the  'natural  Iprogress  of  production,  we  should  like  to  know  what  remedy  our  great  -  -  money  oracles  will  piopose,  or,  what  excuse  they  will  make  to  the  commercial  and  industrial  classes;  3  now  enduring  ?  Tessure  is  daily,  and  it  is  time  they  should  be"
