text
"POLICE  COURT.-YESTERDAY.  THE  LATE  ROBBERY  AT  THZ  COBL'HG  DOGS.—John  Law Lawport,  port, Lawport,  James  M•Callister,  and  John  Gibson,  the  three  persons  charged  with  stealing  two  anvils  from  the  above  dock,  the  one  on  the  21st  September  and  the  other  on  the  16th  inst.,  were  again  brought  up,  having  been  remanded  for  7  days,  to  enable  the  officers  an  opportunity  of  getting  up  additional  evidence,  for  further  examination.  The  prisoner  Lawport  was  a  chain  maker,  employed  by  the  dock  trustees  as  a  chain  maker  ;  M'CaLlister  was  his  striker,  and  Gibson  a  carter  ;  Edward  Edwards,  an  employed  in  the  docks,  saw  the  prison prisoners,  ers, prisoners,  at  the  time  the  anvil  was  missed,  concerting  together,  after  which  the  anvils  were  gone.  The  property  not  having  been  found,  and  there  being  no  additional  evidence,  the  ma magistrates,  gistrates, magistrates,  feeling  there  was  some  enspicion,  but  not  sufficient  to  STOLEN  a  committal,  the  prisoners  were  discharged.  STOLEN  PROPERTY  IN  POSSESSION  OF  A  MARINE  STORE STOREDEALER.  DEALER. STOREDEALER.  Thomas  Linstergate,  a  marine  store-dealer,  War Warwick-street,  wick-street, Warwick-street,  and  Mary  M'Barren,  were  charged  with  having  lead  and  other  metals  in  their  possession,  supposed  to  be  stolen.  Prom  the  evidence  of  detectives,  Poney  and  M'Cul M'Cullock,  lock, M'Cullock,  it  appeared  that  they  last  evening  visited  the  marine  store  occupied  by  the  male  prisoner,  and  in  an  up-stair  room  they  found  a  quantity  of  lead  piping,  and  copper  bolts.  The  prisoner,  on  being  asked  how  he  became  possessed  of  the  articles,  said  he  had  purchased  them  of  a  man,  but  could  not  tell  where  he  lived,  or  what  was  his  name.  There  was  no  entry  of  the  article  in  the  book.  While  the  officers  were  on  the  premises,  the  female  brought  a  quantity  of  old  iron,  and  offered  it  for  sale.  This  iron  she  said  she  had  received  from  a  carter.  As  no  owner  for  any  of  the  property  had  been  found,  the  prisoners  were  remanded.  The  male  prisoner,  although  a  regular  licensed  broker,  has  been  twice  tried  and  convicted.  ROBBING  UNINHABITED  HOUSES  AT  EDGE-HILL.—ItI  consequence  of  the  numerous  complaints  made  by  the  owners  of  uninhabited  property  in  the  locality  of  Edge-hill,  of  the  depredations  there  being  carried  on,  the  detective  officers  were  on  the  alert,  and  last  night  they  succeeded  in  appre apprehending  hending apprehending  Mary  and  Thomas  Blaudy,  who  live  in  Preston Prestonstreet.  street. Prestonstreet.  The  two  prisoners  were  husband  and  wife  ;  and  last  night  the  female  went  to  Mr.  Tiplot's  marine  store,  in  Minchull  street,  with  a  large  quantity  of  lead-piping,  hose-taps,  &amp;c.,  which  she  could  give  no  account  of,  and  was  given  into  custody  by  the  lad  left  in  the  charge  of  the  shop.  The  prisoners'  house  was  searched,  and  a  large  quantity  of  keys,  copper  wire,  and  other  articles  were  found,  none  of  which  could  he  account  for  having  in  his  possession,  but  there  is  scarcely  a  doubt  but  that  they  are  a  portion  of  the  property  stolen  from  the  house,  and  the  keys  afforded  them  admission.  Remanded  for  a  week.  ANOTHER  EXTENSIVE  ROBBERY  OF  TOOLS.—  Robert  Bar Barton,  ton, Barton,  who  was  formerly  a  member  of  the  Liverpool  police  force,  but  who  has  since  been  convicted,  and  sentenced  to  transportation,  from  which  he  has  returned,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  large  quantity  of  joiners'  tools,  the  property  of  various  persons.  It  appears  to  have  been  the  custom  of  the  prisoner,  on  a  Saturday  night,  to  go  and  break  into  the  joiners'  shops  in  various  localities,  and  take  every  article  he  could  place  his  hand  upon.  and  then  pledge  the  articles  at  the  pawn-shops  in  the  locality.  The  other  evening  he  was  stepped  with  some  tools  in  his  possession  at  the  shop  of  Mr.  Cntchley,  Park-lane,  and  given  into  the  custody  of  the  police,  when  inquiries  were  made,  which  led  to  the  - STYLE=superscript  discovery  that  many  shops  had  been  thus  plundered,  The  prisoner  was  committed  for  trial  on  two  charges,  the  evidence  in  each  being  perfectly  conclusive.  AN  Istrosnnt.—Michael  Callagan,  was  charged  with  breaking  a  window  and  stealing  a  cake.  The  prisoner  said,  I  know  I  did  it.  I  did  it  so  that  I  might  be  taken  up,  rather  than  go  into  the  He  said  he  came  from  Dublin,  and  wanted  to  get  back  again.  The  magistrates  assented  to  his  being  passed  home,  hut  the  officers  refused  to  let  him  go,  as  he  had  been  passed  home  three  times  already,  and  was  a  regular  impostor.  'ROBBING  A  Lonona.--/ohn  Riley,  the  owner  of  a  house  in  Albert-street,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  quantity  of  wearing  apparel,  the  property  of  one  of  his  lodgers,  Mrs.  Susan  Mitchell.  The  prisoner  said  he  would  admit  that  he  took  the  articles,  but  intended  to  return  them  after  he  had  had  them  washed.  Some  portion  of  the  property  was  found  in  the  shop  of  a  pawnbroker,  in  Brownlow-hill.  The  magis magistrates  trates magistrates  had  no  doubt  that  the  prisoner  intended  to  steal  the  articles,  and  committed  him  for  two  months.  Snor  'Arnim-44ms  McGowan,  a  women  with  a  child  in  her  arms,  was  committed  for  one  month  for  stealing  a  tint  dress  from  the  shop  occupied  by  Messrs.  Rose  and  Co.,  Scotland-place.  PUBLICANS'  CASES.  John  .Neville,  publican,  Addington-street,  was  summoned  for  a  violation  of  the  act,  on  last  Sunday.  Police-officer  ;Wilson,  165,  stated  that  at  twenty-five  minutes  to  twelve  o'clock,  he  stopped  a  woman  coming  out  of  the  defendant's  back  door,  with  a  bottle  containing  rum  in  her  hand.  She  became  very  violent  when  stopped,  and  he  had  to  threaten  that  he  would  take  her  to  bndewell,  be before  fore before  she  would  give  up  the  bottle.  Mr.  Bremner  appeared  for  the  defendant,  and  ad admitted  mitted admitted  that  what  the  officer  stated  was  true  ;  but  called  Ellen  Dickson,  the  woman  referred  to,  who  stated  that  she  was  a  charwoman,  and  had  gone  to  ifx.  Neville's  at  five  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning  for  the  purpose  of  cleaning.  When  leaving,  Mrs.  Neville  gave  her  a  piece  of  bun  loaf  and  a  little  rum,  which  she  was  taking  to  her  husband  when  she  was  stopped  by  the  officer.  The  defendant  was  acquitted.  Mary  Parry,  publican,  Grafton-street,  was  summoned  for  having  in  her  house  a  drunken  person.  The  defendant  admitted  the  fact,  but  stated  that  the  party  had  been  let  in  by  mistake.  She  had  a  lady  and  gentleman  from  Hull,  lodging  in  the  house,  and  when  the  knock  was  heard  at  the  door  the  servant,  conceiving  it  was  the  lodger,  let  in  the  drunken  party  whom  the  officer  subsequently  found.  The  servant  having  corroborated  this  statement,  the  de defendant  fendant defendant  was  acquitted.  William  Robinson,  Banfield  street,  Derby-road,  was  sum summoned  moned summoned  for  having  parties  in  his  house  beyond  the  legal  hour.  In  answer  to  Mr.  Dodd,  who  appeared  for  the  defendant,  the  officer  stated  that  up  to  the  present  the  house  had  been  conducted  properly.  Mr.  Dodd  said  it  was  true  that  the  officer  had  found  the  parties  in  the  house,  but  they  had  entered  against  the  will  of  •  Mrs.  Robinson  '  (the  defendant  being  in  bed)  and  were  served  with  no  drink.  The  defendant  was  acquitted.  BEHRSELLERS'  CAMS.  The  following  were  fined  for  violation  of  the  act  :  Edward  Snipe,  Virgil-street,  20s.  and  costs.  John  Godfrey,  Hatton  Gardens,  20s.  and  costs.  Robert  Parry,  Prussia-street,  10s.  and  costs.  Patrick  Mulligan,  Charlotte-street,  2s.  6d.  and  2s.  6d.  costs.  Peter  Greene,  Sawney  Pope-street,  40s.  and  costs.  James  M'Donnell,  Chisenhall-street,  Ss.  and  costs.  Patrick  Cannon,  Addison-street,  on  one  information,  40e.  and  costs,  and  on  a  second,  10s.  and  costs.  John  Dickenson,  Vauxhall-road,  20s.  and  costs.  Catherine  Stinson,  Charter-street,  10s.  and  costs.  William  Shepherd,  Limekiln-lane,  10s.  and  costs.  Mary  Anne  Elliott,  Duncan-street,  Park,  ss.  and  costs.  John  Shannart,  Bedford-street,  Park,  ss.  and  costs.  lama  Rook,  Upper  Luke-street,  ss.  and  costs.  John  Smart,  Fletcher-street,  53.  and  costs.  Thomas  Glasgow,  ss.  and  costs.  Lawrence  Donovan,  Paul-street,  ss.  and  costs.  Antic  Stether,  Woolfe-street,  40s.  and  costs.  John  Rooney,  (night  and  table-beer  house),  Naylor-street,  40s.  and  costs.  .Tohn  Cusack,  Sawney  Pope-street,  20s.  and  costs.  Peter  Mooney,  Bridport-street,  2s.  6d.  and  26,  6d.  costs.  John  Cannon,  School-lane,  ss.  and  costs.  WHAT  NEXT  ?  Towers,  keeper  of  a  beer-house  in  Kirkdale  ward,  was  summoned  for  selling  beer  after  hours.  Police-officer  314  said  that  he  saw  a  girl  coming  from  the  house  after  the  proper  hour  with  a  jug  of  beer  in  her  hand.  The  defendant's  wife  denied  that  it  was  past  the  hour,  and  charged  the  officer  with  kissing  the  girl  instead  of  attending  to  his  duty.  Margaret  Myers,  a  rather  pretty  young  .  girl  was  then  examined.  She  said  :  As  I  was  coming  from  Mrs.  Towers'  with  the  ale,  a  police-officer  took  me  by  the  shoulder  and  said  a  pint  of  ale  ?  and  he  then  kissed  me.  I  would  not  know  him  again  as  it  was  dark,  but  I  told  my  mother.  Officer  314  positively  denied  that  he  was  the  party.  Mr.  Mansfield  said  that  whoever  the  officer  might  be  he  had  taken  a  most  unwarrantable  liberty,  and  if  he  could  have  been  identified,  or  spoken  to  positively,  he  (Mr.  Mans Mansfield)  field) Mansfield)  should  have  instantly  suspended  him.  He  conceived  it  was  a  case  of  very  gross  misconduct.  The  defendant  was  fined  2s.  6d.  and  2s.  6d.  costs.  Acquitted  :—Thomas  Jones,  Hornby-street;  John  Smith,  Standish-street  ;  John  Pritchard,  Mile-end  ;  Richard  Wil Wilson,  son, Wilson,  Ash-grove;  Michael  Bell,  Paul-street;  William  Briggs,  Carruthers-street;  Thomas  Roberts,  - STYLE=superscript  Grafton-street  ;  Mary  Clarke,  (table-beer-seller),  Preston-street  ;  John  Elliot,  Raymond-street  ;  John  M'Manus,  Clive-street,  Park  ;  Wil William  liam William  Cropper,  Bolton-street,  Copperas-hill  ;  John  Scott,  Rupert-street  ;  and  James  Bowan,  Mount  Vernon-road.  Robert  Casson,  keeper  of  an  eating-  house  in  Warwick Warwickstreet,  street, Warwickstreet,  was  acquitted  on  a  charge  of  harbouring  prostitutes  ;  as  was  also  Jane  Wilson  keeper  of  a  cheap  wine  shop,  Wil Williamson-square,  liamson-square, Williamson-square,  on  a  like  charge.  The  Roman  Catholic  chapel  of  Frankford,  King's  Co.,  Ireland,  was  broken  into  on  the  night  of  Sunday  last,  and  robbed  of  30s.  in  money,  and  two  silver  altar  vessels.  A  woman  named  Kelly,  was  suffocated  at  Dungannon,  Ireland,  on  Christmas  night,  by  the  firing  of  the  bed-clothes  around  her.  TnE  &amp;mum—WIGAN.—It  is  said  that  the  Messrs.  Eckersley,  cloth  manufacturers,  and  the  largest  employers  in  Wigan,  have  acceded  to  the  terms  of  the  operatives  as  to  the  advance.  Those  gentlemen  were  giving  the  advance  before  the  coalition  of  the  masters  and  the  and  they  have  always  had  the  confidence  of  the  wo  r STYLE=superscript  k  men. STYLE=superscript  INCENDIARISM  IN  SALFORD.—A  reward  of  £l5O  has  been  offered,  by  various  insurance  companies,  for  such  informa information  tion information  as  will  tend  to  the  apprehension  and  conviction  of  some  person  or  persons  who  set  fire,  the  other  evening,  to  two  separate  rooms  of  the  Springfield  Mill,  Salford,  occu occupied  pied occupied  by  Mr.  George  Lowry,  flax-spinner.  The:  fires  were  happily  discovered  and  extinguished,  but  not  before  con considerable  siderable considerable  damage  hsd  been  done  to  the  mill  and  machinery."
