text
"SHIP  BURNED  ON  THE  RIVER  CLYDE  We  have  to  record  the  total  destruction  by  fire  of  the  American  barque  Victoria,  (688  tons  burden,)  Captain  J:  Waltington  which  took  place  on  the  river  wit  hin STYLE=superscript  thtee STYLE=superscript  miles  off  Glasgow,'  on  Friday  afternoon,  about  an  hour  after  leaving  the  Broomielaw,  on  her  outward  voyage  to  New  York.  The  following  are  the  particulars  in  so  far  as  we  have  learned  them  from  Mr.  Collins,  the  second  mate  :  About  two  o'clock,  the  Victoria  quitted  the  harbour  and  proceeded  down  the  .river.  being  towed  by  A  tr,steamer.  Ju  less  than  an  hour  thereafter,  sne  reached  \  '  intemca  passing  another  vessel,  some  ladies  on  board  were  observed  to  direct  the  attention  of  those  on  board  of  the  Victoria  to  something  aft.  The  captain  was  not  yet  in  command.  as  he  intended  overtaking  the  ship  by  rail  at  Greenock.  Mr.  Collins  was  at  dinner,  when  his  attention  was  called  to  the  part  of  the  ship  pointed  at  by  the  ladies,  and  looking  aft  he  saw  a  dense  volume  of  smoke  rising  up  over  the  vessel's  quarter.  He  ran  aft  and  looked  over  the  taffrail,  when  he  was  compelled  to  retire  from  the  effects  of  a  body  of  flame  that  issued  from  the  stern  ports,  The  cabin  was  a  poop  on  deck,  and  the  flames  appearing  to  issue  from  the  aft  part  of  the  'tween  decks,  he  instantly  made  his  way  below  by  the  after  hatch,  but  from  the  density  of  the  smoke  he  had  only  time  to  distinguish  that  a  pile  of  old  wood  and  other  materials  which  were  lying  at  the  after  extremity  of  the  'tween  decks  immediately  below  the  cabin  appeared  to  have  been  moved  from  the  position  in  which  he  had  seen  them  all  safe  a  short  time  before.  He  hurried  back  to  the  deck,  narrowly  escaping  suffocation,  and  there  found  the  cook,  a  negro,  named.  Samuel  Graham,  running  about  in  a  state  of  apparent  ex excitement,  citement, excitement,  and  declaring  that  he  knew  the  ship  would  be  burned,  and  would  never  reach  her  destination,  This  ex excited  cited excited  suspicion,  and  Graham  was  instantly  put  in  irons,  and  in  an  hour  afterwards  was  handed  over  to  the  authori authorities.  ties. authorities.  On  being  handcuffed,  he  gave  expression  to  some  in insinuations  sinuations insinuations  against  another  negro,  who,  up  till  within  the  last  few  days,  was  steward  of  the  ship,  and  who  left  on  account  of  a  dispute  with  some  of  the  officers.  Gra Graham  ham Graham  also  alleged  that  he  had  seen  the  late  steward  on  board  shortly  before  the  vessel  sailed.  When  the  fire  wag  discovered  it  was  found  that  it  had  got  too  serious  a  hold  to  be  easily  overcome,  and  as  any  wind  that  was  blowing  at  the  time  was  from  an  easterly  direction,  and  from  the  position  of  the  ship  favouring  the  progress  of  the  flames,  the  vessel  was  hove  round,  and  grounded  on  the  southern  bank,  So  ra rapidly  pidly rapidly  did  the  flames  spread  that  the  tug  had  to  make  off  from  alongside.  A  number  of  carpenters  from  a  shipbuild shipbuilding  ing shipbuilding  yard  on  the  opposite  bank  hurried  to  the  scene  of  devas devastation,  tation, devastation,  in  the  hope  of  scuttling  the  vessel,  but  she  being  already  on  the  ground,  this  was  impossible.  By  four  o'clock  the  flames  began  to  bu  rst  through  the  the  deck,  when  it  was  deemed  proper  to  make  an  attempt  to  save  some  of  the  rigging.  The  foremast  was  cut  by  the  board,  and  then  the  mainmast  ;  and  while  this  was  being  done,  the  mizenmast  had  been  burned  through.  All  three  masts  were  laid  alongside  between  the  vessel  and  the  bank,  and  it  was  with  some  difficulty  that  the  fire  from  the  mizen mizenmast  mast mizenmast  was  prevented  from  communicating  with  the  other  two.  An  informant,  who  left  the  scene  about  eight  o'clock  in  the  evening,  states  that  at  that  period  the  vessel  was  going  of  gradually  consuming  to  the  water's  edge.  The  cargo  of  the  Victoria  consisted  of  pig  iron  and  box  and  bale  goods.  Between  the  hull  and  cargo  the  loss  may  be  esti estimated  mated estimated  at  about  £50,000.  We  learn  that  a  number  of  steve stevedores  dores stevedores  were  working  on  board  up  till  the  vessel  left  the  harbour,  and  that  they  had  beeen  using  a  light  below,  In  addition  to  the  cook,  it  has  been  deemed  proper  to  take  several  others  of  the  crew  into  custody,  and  a  thorough  in investigation  vestigation investigation  will  of  course  be  made  into  the  whole  affair.  The  few  passengers  on  board  reached  the  bank  of  the  river  unscathed.  According  to  the  Customs'  House  Bill  of  Entry,  the  cargo  was  composed  as  follows  :  70,000  yards  coloured  cotton  ....  Cotton  thread  Magnesia  58  tons  10  cwt.  iron  castings  ~..  value  £l5OO  616.  525  tons  pig  iron  Total  £4,185  EXTENSIVE  ROBBERY  IN  MANCHESTERr—YESTER•  DAY.—We  have  to  announce  the  commission  of  a  robbery  yesterday,  at  the  silk  mill  in  Albert-street,  Manchester,  occupre  •  d  by  Mr.  Miles  Simpson,  and  at  a  dye  house  in  the  same  street,  occupied  by  Mr.  Morris.  The  robbery  must  have  been  effected  between  3  p.m.  on  Saturday,  when  the  premises  were  closed  for  the  week,  and  9  a.m.  yesterday  morning,  but  it  is  supposed  it  was  committed  after  mid midnight.  night. midnight.  It  appears  that  the  entrance  to  the  premises  must  have  been  effected  by  crossing  the  river  Irwell  and  at  a  small  embankment  ion  the  river  side.  The  thieves  must  then  have  crossed  a  wall  and  got  up  a  plank  which  rests  against  the  yard  wall,  by  which  an  entrance  was  effected  into  the  outer  yard  of  the  mill.  A  portion  of  the  window  frame  of  the  dye-house  adjoining  was  then  destroyed,  from,  which  the  thieves  got  through  a  door  into  the  inner  yard.  A  portion  of  the  store  room  was  then  destroyed,  after  which  the  robbers  obtained  access  to  the  interior  of  the  mill.  The  property  they  succeeded  in  taking  away  was,  from  50  to  60  lbs.  weight  of  dull  flock  warp  silk,  about  30  lbs.  of  bright  flock  warp  silk,  14  lbs.  of  dark  blue  warp  silk,  of  two  shades  ;  and  4  lbs  of  a  light  shade  of  warp  silk.  The  above  property  was  taken  from  the  silk  mill,  and  from  the  dye-house  ad adjoining  joining adjoining  there  was  removed,  10  lbs.  cf  China  boiled-off  silk,  in  a  wet  state.  The  value  of  the  property  stolen  from  the  mill  is  estimated  at  £lOO,  and  that  from  the  dye-house  at  £l3.  It  is  supposed  the  robbers,  who  must  have  been  two  or  three  in  number,  returned  the  same  way  by  which  they  entered.  As  yet  there  is  no  clue  to'  their  ditcovery,  P3_TB00092 3  Vicit  ?er  liaj STYLE=superscript  t  )ctOi!'  P3_TB00093 lld  bee'  W°ll  P3_TB00094 orb  P  4  tho tho•  • tho•  11  P3_TB00095 11  ,5 STYLE=superscript  '  :00J,  P3_TB00096 -e  le  1.00  P3_TB00097 ly  :  s STYLE=superscript  te;  ua  a STYLE=superscript  l  11.  _  P3_TB00098 D  et  DO  Plet  110'  P3_TB00099 IWS  1  411 STYLE=superscript  '  a.  P3_TB00100 S  111  1 STYLE=superscript  P  U STYLE=superscript  i  Of  d  10  be.  P3_TB00101 th  S STYLE=superscript  '  i  u  ffS,  i  3tes  P3_TB00102 - STYLE=superscript  sce'4  the  t  ettoo  -  SATURDAY  EVENING'S  CONCERT.  I  On  Saturday  evening  Mr.  HENRY  PHILLIPS,  the  well-known  ballad  singer,  gave  one  of  his  popular  musical  entertain entertainments  ments entertainments  at  the  Concert-hall,  Lord  Nelson-street.  The  hall  was  densely  crowded,  and  the  Mayor  (S.  Howm,  Esq.).  pre presided.  sided. presided.  Mr.  Phillips  opened  the  concert  with  a  brief  address  to  the  audience,  in  which  he  pointed  out  the  elevating  ten tendencies  dencies tendencies  of  music,  and  laid  down  a  few  rules  for  the  guidance  of  those  anxious  to  cultivate  the  art.  A  3  to  the  merits  of  the  address,  and  a  passing  dissertation  on  poetry  in  general,  into  which  he  was  tempted,  we  shall  merely  re remark  mark remark  that  we  consider  they  had  much  better  been  omitted,  and  that  Mr.  Phillips  had  confined  himself  to  that  in  which  he  really  is  excellent,  and  not  have  approached  too  near  the  confines  of  the  ludicrous,  in  his  attempt  to  popularize,  or  make  plain  a  very  noble  and  a  very  subtle  theme.  The  mo motive,  tive, motive,  no  doubt,  was  good,  but  the  result  cannot  be  elevating.  The  programme  contained  a  number  of  Dibdin's  celebrated  sea  songs,  and  a  variety  of  other  ballads  equally-  well  known,  and  in  each  and  every  [one  of  them  Mr.  Phillips  was  de deservedly  servedly deservedly  applauded.  In  theinterval  between  the  two  parts  of  the  entertainments,  Mr.  Caine  came  forward  and  addressed  the  assemb  .  After  remarking  on  the  excellence  of  the  entertainment  provided  for  them,  he  observed  that  the  success  of  the  hall  was  owing  to  two  causes.  The  first  of  these  was,  that  in  Liverpool  there  were  some  thousands  of  working  men  who  preferred  rational  recreation.  and  the  exercise  of  the  faculties  which  God  had  .  given  to  them,  to  the  trash  that  was  offered  to  them  in  what  were  nick-named  Free  C  oncer  t  s  (Hear,  hear.)  He  confessed  he  burned  with  indignation  when  he  saw  posted  on  the  walls  of  the  town  various  placards,  proclaiming  treat  for  working  ment 'Amusement'  for  the  Classical  entertainment  for  the  Classical,  indeed  !  A  man  making  a  monkey  of  himself  (laughter),  but  he  can  not  wonder  that  these  places  were  availed  of,  :  when  Parliament  legalised  and  a  bench  of  Magistrates  licensed:theist.  (Applause).  They  were  told  forsooth,  that  these  places  were  requisite  to  such  a  po population  pulation population  as  that  of  -Liverpool.  He  replied  that  they  were  not  requirek(hear,  hear),  and  that  it  was  a  stigma  upon  the  people  of  Liverpool  to  assert  the  contrary.  (Applause).  The  institution  success  of  that  was  evidence  that  such  places  were  not  required  in  Liverpool,  and  he  had  even  before  him  then  two  thousand  witnesses  to  the  fact.  The  other  cause  of  their  success  was  that  gentlemen  of  wealth  and  station  had  from  time  to  time  come  forward,  and  taken  part  in  their  proceed proceedings.  ings. proceedings.  He  did  not  say  that  they  condescended  to  do  thi  s  ,  f  or  he  did  nos  know  in  such  a  case  what  condescension  was.  A  gentleman  was  but  a  man,  and  every  man  might  be  a  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  if  he  liked.  (Applause).  He  knew  no  better  gentlemen  than  those  who  were  in  the  habit  of  meeting  within  the  walls  of  the  hall.  He  had  stood  on  the  stairs  and  watched  the  crowd  passing  into  the  room,  and  amongst  them  he  had  noticed  hundreds  of  young  girls—veritable  •  unprotected  fe females  males females  (laughter).  Now  if  they  were  going  to  the  circus  orthe  theatre,  they  would  take  withthem  a  stout  fellow  with  astick  to  protect  them,  but  when  they  came  to  that  hall,  they  knew  they  had  the  protection  of  manly  hearts,  of  men  who  would  act  as  gentlemen  and  treat  them  as  ladies,  and  they  never  yet  had  been  disappointed.  (Applause.)  In  conclusion,  he  would  call  on  them  to  express  their  grateful  acknowledg acknowledgments  ments acknowledgments  to  the  Mayor,  who  had  come  forward  in  the  most  dignified  manner,  and  lent  the  influence  of  his  station  as  a  sanction  and  approval  of  their  proceedings.  They  had  a  right  to  acknowledge  it,  and,  in  addition,  his  liberality,  which  he,  (Mr.  Caine)  as  the  treasurer  ,  well  knew.  He  had  found  him  (the  Mayor)  liberal  minded,  and  liberal  handed,  and  when  a  man  possessed  these  qualities,  he  was  truly  liberal,  let  him  go  by  what  name  he  would.  (Loud  applause.)  The  MAYOR  then  came  forward,  and  was  enthusiastically  greeted.  Having  expressed  his  thanks  for  the  warmth  of  his  reception,  he  said,  that  it  was  in  that  hall  he  had  first  the  pleasure  of  meeting  his  assembled  townsmen,  when  their  representatives  in  the  council  had  done  him  the  honor  of  placing  him  in  the  civic  chair  ;  and  as  Mayors,  during  the  period  of  their  office,  were  compelled,  like  Shakspeare's  characters,  to  play  many  parts,  he  again  appeared  before  them  for  the  last  time  ere  he  transferred  the  office  which  he  filled,  to  he  hoped  a  more  worthy  successor.  He  almost  regretted  that  the  custom  of  such  assemblies  somewhat  interfered  with  the  harmony,  -because  after  the  excellent  music  to  which  they  had  been  listening  with  such  pleasure,  and  after  the  poetry  which  they  had  heard,  he  was  afraid  they  would  consider  him  rather  prosy  (no,  no,)  if  he  ventu  re  d  t  o  a  dd  ress  them  at  any  great  length.  That  he  would  not  do.  They  would  permit  him,  however,  to  say,  that  he  did  not  think  when  a  man  accepted  the  office  of  chief  magistrate,  that  he  ought  to  have  a  pitch-plaster  put  over  his  mouth,  (applause,)  and  he  contended  that  whether  he  was  in  Liverpool,  or  wherever  else  he  might  be,  if  he  filled  the  office  a-right,  he  ought  to  bring  all  its  influence  to  bear  upon  those  thi  ngs  which-were  for  the  benefit  of  mankind,  and  particularly  for  the  benefit  of  all  classes  of  the  town;  over  which  he  was  called  on  to  preside.  (Applastse..)  He'  had  pleasure,  therefore,  in  meeting  them  there  in  his  public,  as  well  as  in  his  private  capacity,  and  as  he  had  pleasure  on  a  former  occasion  in  meeting  them  there,  to  witness  the  recreation  they  deserved,  and  which  they  ought  to  have  after  their  labour,  so  again  he  met  them  that  night  at  the  end  of  his  stewardship  with  renewed  feelings  of  respect  and  attach attachment,  ment, attachment,  (Applause).  They  had  met  there  in  cordiality  to  enjoy  rational  recreation,  and  they  enjoyed  more,  for  they  had  provided  for  them  a  musical  treat  of  a  very  superior  ausesrperon.  - STYLE=superscript  araiiktne.  required  recreation.  The  body  became  excited,  the  mind  became  untuned  by  labour,  and  rest  and  recreation  were  the  restoratives  which  nature  pointed  out.  Tint  recreation  to  be  useful  should  be  innocent,  and  such  as  could  bear  the  reflection  of  a  subsequent  period:  and  he  had  seen'  nothing  in  the.  (msssstaneuts  which  were  provided  for  them  there,  but  such  as  every  one  might  cordially  join  in,  and  such  as  he  thought  were  deserving  of  the  support  of  the  whole  of  the  community.  (Hear,  hear).  A  man  might  have,  indeed,  the  excitement  of  the  spirit  shop,  which  might  elevate  him  for  a  moment,  only  subsequently  the  more  seriously  to  depress  him.  They  should  have  variety  of  occu occupation  pation occupation  both  physically  and  mentally,  for  nature  taught  them  that  variety  was  beneficial.  He  knew  what  it  was  in  early  days  to  work  six  days  in  the  week  from  six  in  the  morning  until  six  at  night  as  well  as  others  (applause)  he  knew,  that  after  his  labour,  the  working  man  required  bow  to  be  unstrung,  and  the  arrow  to  be  placed  in  the  quiver,  and  thst  his  mind,  as  well  as  his  body,  should  have  that  variety  which  was  so  necessary  for  the  preservation  of  his  health  and  comfort.  (Applause).  And  amongst  the  amusements  which  were  rational,  he  looked  upon  music  as  being  one  of  the  richest  treats,  not  only  .  the  music  which  ;  icy  derived  from  the  instrument,.  but  just  as  Shakspeare  eke  of  their  finding  s  ermon  s  m  stones,  and  good  in  (renewed  applause),  so  likewise,  mu  s  i  c  was  not  merely  confined  to  instruments,  but  they  could  find  it  in  everything  they  saw,  and  in  all  they'  heard  around  them.  He  could  hear  music  in  the  sad  sighing  of  the  wind  when  he  was  alone.  He  could  hear  it  in  the  various  intonations  of  the  human  voice  ;  and  how  remarkable  it  was  in  the  cis  ative  power  of  God,  that  there  were  not  in  the  world  two  human  voices  nor  two  human  faces  exactly  alike.  They  might  discern  music  if  they  seriously  thought,  in  the  boom booming  ing booming  of  the  gun  which  announced  the  arrival  of  the  trans transatlantic  atlantic transatlantic  steamer.  They  might  find  it  while  walking  on  the  edge  of  the  town,  in  the  accumulated  sound  of  ten  thousand  voices,  which  were  borne  on  the  breeze,  when  the  world  seemed  waking  and  going  to  labour.  He  could  discern  mu music  sic music  in  the  clanging  of  the  ten  thousand  hammers  which  were  wielded  by  the  brawny  arms  of  the  working  men  in  this  town.  He  could  find  music  in  the  human  voice  when  it  was  uttering  the  tender  accents  of  affection,  of  pity,  or  of  love;  and  he  could  hear  music  celestial  strains—when  he  heard  it  uttered  by  the  voice  of  an  affectionate  wife  when  she  gave  her  husband  a  hearty  welcome,  and  when  he  came  home  and  found  his  fireside  clean,  and  when  he  received  the  smiles  of  those  whom  he  loved,  and  who  loved  him  :  and  if  there  was  any  music  in  the  spheres,  it  was  such  music  as  that.  (Loud  applause.)  He  spoke  to  the  young  men,  apprentices,  who  were  present,  and  he  besought  them,  instead  of  spend spending  ing spending  their  time  in  the  club-room  or  the  tavern,  or  in  those  filthy  and  abominable  places—free  concerts,  which  dis disgraced  graced disgraced  and  disfigured  the  town,  to  cultivate  music.  Let  them  attend  to  the  cultivation  of  their  own  minds  in  other  respects.  What  wonders  there  are,  for  instance,  in  the  very  rudiments  of  chemistry  ;  o  r  i  n  as  t  ronomy  ,  and  in  its  study  become  acquainted  with  the  myriads  of  worlds  rolling  through  the  eternity  of  countless  space.  They  had  now  a  public  library  which  was  placed  at  their  disposal,  and  they  were  asked  to  go  there,  instead  of  to  the  low  haunts  of  dissipation,  which  he  was  sorry  to  say  so  many  visited,  and  endJavour  to  rise  in  the  intellectual  scale.  Let  them  be  ree  solved  to  rise  in  making  use  of  the  talents  which  a  bountiful  God  had  given  them,  and  they  might  depend  on  it  th  a  t  if  they  said  so,  they  would  obtain  that  happiness  and  pros prosperity  perity prosperity  which  no  other  course  they  might  pursue  could  attain  for  them.  •  Many  blamed  the  laws,  the  social  system,  and  the  institutions  under,  which  they  lived,  but  they  forgot  that  they  had  a  right  more  frequently  to  blame  themselves  ;  for  it  was  they  themselves  Who  . STYLE=superscript  ....e  generally  the  cause  of  their  want  of  success.  (Applause.)  No  thoughtful  man  could  sit  on  the  magisterial  bench,  and  - STYLE=superscript  ivitne'ss  the  misery  brought  before  him,  the  result  of  drunkenness,  and  not  shudder.  More  than  half  the  crimes  which  had  been  brought  before  him  in  his  magisterial  capacity  h  a  d  b,  D STYLE=superscript  v  drill STYLE=superscript  '  , STYLE=superscript  enness,  and  when  he  was  chairman  of  th  last  assizes,  he  found  that  two-thirds  of  th,  total  crime  sprung  from  drunkenness.  Look  at  the  domestic  b  look  at  the  reckless  husband  and  the  broken  hearted  wife  look  at  the  ragged  children,  and  the  misery  and  vice  whi,  in  every  shape  filled  their  courts  of  law,  and  when  he  kne\  that  all  this  took  its  rise  in:drunkenness,  he  would  be  guilty  o,  - STYLE=superscript  violence  to  his  own  feelings  if  he  did  not  caution  every  man  to  avoid  the  places  which  he  had  described,  as  they  would  be  the  destruction  of  their  body  and  soul.  (Applause).  Th  e  mayor  then  narrated  how  whe  n  travelling  some  time  ago  for  health,  he  met  an  old  gentleman  in  Nice,  whose  sole  object  seemed  to  be  the  doing  of  good.  Having  become  acquainted  with  him,  he  learned  from  his  own  lips  the  history  of  his  life.  He  was  born  in  one  of  the  eastern  counties,  and  reared  in  a  workhouse.  He  was  then  bound  apprentice  to  a  sweep  in  London,  and  when  out  of  his  time  he  became  0  -'  grand  jury  at  the  chimni"
