text
"Scotch  pig  iron  has  been  done  as  high  as  81s  metals  command  full  prices.  Spelter  and  most  of  IRITS.-  'he  market  for  rum  is  heavy,  and  the  quota quota..  .. quota..  Proof  Leewards,  2s  7d;  East  India,  2s  6d  ;allon.  The  brandy  market  is  firm,  and  sales  t  brands  of  1851,  have  been  effected  at  8s  6d  to  8s  8d  per  gallon  OILs.--  I STYLE=superscript  Linseed  oil  is  dull,  at  29s  6d  to  30s,  otherwise  the  demand  is  steady,  TALLOW.—The  transactions  have  slightl  increased  P.Y.C.  on  the  spot,  65s  6d  to  55s  per  cwt  SMITHFIELD  MARKET  T.  Aro+  maa  %Tory  nit  pro  tpl  YESTERDAY  Vol.  which  the  demand  ruled  steady,  , STYLE=superscript  at  as  advance  in  the  prices  of  Monday,  or  2d  per  lb.  The  supply  of  sheep  was  limited:  All  breeds  were  in  full  request,  at  full  currencies,  The  best  old  Downs  sold  readily  at  ss.  peT.ti  lb.  There  was  less  inquiry  for  calves.  In  their  quotations,  however,  no  change  took  place.  Pigs  moved  off  steadily,  at  full  prices.  THE  REV.  DR.  M'NEILE  AND  THE  REV.  J.  W.  CONEYBEARE.  The  Rev.  W.D.  Coneybeare,  has  addressed  the  fol following  lowing following  letter  to  the  Times  of  yesterday,  in  answer  to  a  letter  from  the  Rev.  Dr.  M'Neile  to  the  Rev.  W.  J.  Coneybeare,  (formerly  Principal  of  the  Col Collegiate  legiate Collegiate  Institution  of  this  town),  respecting  Mr.  Coneybeare,  junior's  article  in  the  Edinburgh  Re  view,  on  Church  :  SIR,—As  you  have  inserted  in  the  Times  of  Monday,  a  letter,  addressed  to  my  son  by  Dr.  M‘Neile„  demanding  an  explanation  of  many  opinions  which  he  charges  my  son  with  entertaining,  and  as  I  believe  that  I  am  myself  in  a  great  de degree  gree degree  chargeable  with  having  instilled  these  opinions  in  his  his  mind,  I  think  myself  called  upon  frankly,  but,  I  hope,  not  offensively,  to  explain  the  grounds  on  which  I  formed  those  opinions.  I  shall,  therefore,  feel  obliged  if  you  can  at  your  convenience  give  admission  to  this  answer  of  mine  to  the  Rev.  H.  M'Neile.  I  remain  your  constant  reader  and  servant,  W.  D.  CONEYBEARE  Llandaff,  Nov.  8  Nov.  8.  Dear  Sir,—As  you  have  thought  it  advisable  to  publish  in  the  Times  a  letter,  heavily  criminating  a  most  dear  and  valued  son  of  mine  for  an  article  in  the  Edinburgh  Review,  on  church  parties,  which  you  attribute  to  him,  I  trust  you  will  allow  me  in  return  to  communicate,  through  the  same  channel,  some  observations,  which  may,  I  trust,  plead  his  justification.  The  different  schools  of  theological  opinion  prevailing  at  the  time  in  our  country  must  surely  be  admit admitted,  ted, admitted,  on  all  hands,  to  form  a  very  fit  object  for  investigation  in  a  publication  which  professes  to  exhibit  to  the  public  a  general  review  of  the  opinions,  &amp;c.,  which  have  been  intro introduced  duced introduced  to  the  public  mind.  executing  .  such  a  task,  it  appears  as  difficult  to  treat  such  a  subject  without  a  general  classification  of  the  several  prominent  schools,  as  it  would  be  to  draw  up  an  elementary  view  of  the  Greek  philosophy  without  a  previous  specifica specification  tion specification  of  the  various  sects  of  the  Lyceum,  Academy,  Portico,  &amp;c.  I  conceive  that,  in  treating  of  these  schools  and  their  adherents,  much  must  depend  on  general  impressions  which  have  been  conveyed  to  the  judgment  by  various  channels,  although  the  critic  may  have  probably  never  thought  at  the  time  of  keeping  a  journal  of  the  several  items  on  which  the  general  opinion  was  founded.  In  some  instances  the  opinion  may  in  part  have  been  derivative  from  the  judgments  incul inculcated  cated inculcated  by  parental  education  ;  and  I  feel  it  very  probable  that  I  may  myself  have  been  the  party  to  mislead  my  son—l  myself  (while  warmly  attached  to  the  old  evangelical  party  of  Wil Wilberforce  berforce Wilberforce  and  the  Christian  Observer,  which  all  who  have  known  my  Oxford  life,  know  that  I  embraced  at  a  period  when  to  do  so  was  almost  to  attach  a  black  letter  to  one's  name  in  the  eyes  of  the  then  most  influential  clerical  party,  i.  c.  from  1810  to  1820.)  Y  e  t  I  mus  t  con  f  ess  ,  that  the  pages  of  the  Record  from  its  commencement  nearly  were  regarded  by  me  with  strong  regret,  and,  as  I  thought,  deserved  repro reprobation.  bation. reprobation.  I  certainly  thought,  that  it  often  took  a  very  objec objectionable  tionable objectionable  view,  tending  to  discountenance  those  practical  exhortations  to  morality  which  the  Apostles  themselves  never  shrank  from  delivering  with  the  greatest  plainness,  fulness,  and  boldness.  I  have  not  preserved  any  reference  to  individual  passages,  but  I  have  a  general  recollection  of  one  which  will  sufficiently  explain  what  I  mean.  I  dis  tinctly  recollect  a  paragraph  in  which  that  paper  expressed  regret  that  our  communion  service  had  collected  into  one  series  a  body  of  scriptural  texts  like  those  which  accompany  the  collection  of  alms;  fearing  that  such  a  collection  and  con concentration  centration concentration  of  all  the  texts  might  give  an  undue  weight  to  the  importance  and  meritorious  character  of  such  acts  of  benevolence.  Now,  the  scruple  is  in  its  motive  certainly  not  to  be  condemned  ;  but  yet  the  allowing  any  scruple  of  our  own  minds  to  lead  us  to  suppress  any  portion  of  the  teaching  of  our  Lord  and  his  inspired  followers  has,  I  think,  a  clear  Antinomian  tendency—tendency  I  say,  be because  cause because  the  Reviewer  and  myself  would.  equally  feel  averse  from  asserting,  or  believing  even,  that  th  e  R  ecor  dit  es  are  capable  of  wilfully  and  openly  proclaiming  doctrines  which,  in  their  naked  form,  they  would  probably  themselves  shrink  from  as  hostile  to  the  very  foundation  of  Christian  truth.  I  have  given  this  particular  instance,  although  I  cannot  at  present  exactly  refer  to  it  ;  but  if  the  Record  shall  deny  that  it  has  ever  published  a  paragraph  substantially  agreeing  with  my  citation,  I  shall  willingly  go  to  the  expense  of  having  its  columns  searched  and  re-publishing  its  very  words.  I  must  now  proceed  to  a  second  point,  in  which  I  shall  be  most  reluctant  to  say  anything  which  may  hurt  your  feelings,  for  my  son  has  always  taught  me  to  look  with  high  respect  (in  exact  accordance  with  the  note  in  the  Review)  on  your  general  influence  of  character  in  the  second  commercial  city  of  our  empire;  and  yet  I  fear  that  I  may  have  been  the  very  person  who  first  taught  him  to  consider  you  as  a  leader  of  the  violent  and  extravagant  ultra-Evangelical  party.  I  never,  indeed,  thought  that  you  meant  deliberately  to  inculcate  unchristian  views,  but  I  thought  you  very  commonly  suffered  yourself  to  be  hurried  into  the  most  intemperate  and  indiscreet  language.  I  will  mention  the  circumstance  which  first  impressed  me  with  this  opinion  ;  it  was  the  first  time  when  I  ever  heard  you  speak  of  the  Bible  Society.  I  cannot  give  you  the  exact  date,  but  I  believe  it  was  between  1830  and  '35  ;  the  place  enann.  and,  therefore,  I  suppose,  as  I  am  not  familiar  with  any  other  Lund,—  ,IQtforms  given  to  that  cause,  the  locality  was  in  Exeter-hall.  speech  I  allude  to,  of  course—not  having  taken  any  note  of  at  the  time—l  cannot  give  very  minutely  ;  but  I  believe  I  report  its  substance  and,  particularly  the  phrases  I  object  to,  very  exactly.  bona  by  observing,  that  it  .rag  e.  Lay  gratifying  to  you  to  feel  the  improvers  freedom  of  expressing  religious  opinions  ;  that  tiziee  or  four  years  before  you  could  not  have  venturpd,  even  before  a  Bible  Society  meeting,  to  speak  so  You  then  went  on  to  observe,  that  the  enemy  of  souls  had  invented  different  delusions,  accommodated  to  different  nations,  most  readily  to  beguile  them  ;  that  to  the  superior  levity  and  gaiety  of  the  continental  character  he  usually  addressed  temptations  to  profligate  dissipation  ;  but  regard  - STYLE=superscript  -  ing  the  English  as  too  reflective  and  sober  to  be  thus  caught,  his  trap  for  us  was  to  send  among  us  professed  teachers  of  religion,  who  perverted  us  by  circulating  'the  soul-destroy soul-destroying  ing soul-destroying  doctrine  of  repentance.'  Excuse  me  for  saying  that  I  was  horror-struck  by  such  a  phrase,  which  to  my  ears  sounded  like  a  direct  contradiction  of  the  great  subject  of  our  Lord's  Baptist  forerunner's  preaching  ;  of  his  own  while  on  earth  ;  and  of  that  which,  after  the  consummation  of  his  ministry,  his  inspiration  directed  his  apostle  Paul  to  preach;  and  to  oppose  which  I  must  regard  as  utterly  subversive  of  the  very  introductory  stage  of  the  Christian  discipline  of  the  soul.  Now,  I  am  well  persuaded  that  such  was  not  your  real  meaning,  but  that  you  meant  only  to  reject  the  idea  which  should  consider  our  own  repentance  as  the  meritorious  cause,  or  as  the  real  expiatory  act  producing  our  own  for  giveness  But  I  hardly  think  more  than  a  small  minority  of  your  audience  would  have  been  led  to  this  candid  explana explanation,  tion, explanation,  or  caught  anything  but  the  coarse  and  abusive  lan language  guage language  in  which  you  stigmatized  the  preaching  repentance  generally.  Believe  me,  when  I  feel  myself  called  on  freely  to  ex express  press express  my  sentiment,  on  what  appears  to  me  ill-advised  and  misleading  statements,  still  (with  full  conviction,  that  I  myself  often  run  into  heavier  indiscretions  of  language,)  with  general  respect  for  your  long  course  of  Christian  use usefulness,  fulness, usefulness,  Yours  faithfully,  D.  CONYBEARE  To  Rev.  Hugh  M'Neile.&#34;  RAILWAYS  BETWEEN  FRANCS  AND  SPAIN.—It  is  stated  that  the  Spanish  government  have,  in  conformity  with  the  petition  of  the  provincial  deputation  of  Navarre,  given  per permission  mission permission  for  a  commission  of  French  engineers  to  examine,  at  the  cost  of  the  deputation,  the  point  most  suitable  for  connecting  the  French  lines  of  railway  with  Navarre.  In  1850,  thirty-one  of  every  hundred  men,  and  forty-six  of  every  hundred  women,  who  were  married,  were  unable  to  write  their  names,  and  were  consequently  obliged  to  sign  the  marriage  register  with  marks.  This  is  a  disgraceful  contrast  to  the  state  of  education  in  the  New  England  States,  where  there  is  not  one  man  in  a  hundred  who  cannot  read  and  write.  THE  WOOL  OF  THE  ANGORA  GOAT.  The  council  of  the  Society  of  Arts  has  for  some  time  past  had  under  con consideration  sideration consideration  the  introluction  of  the  long-haired  Angora  goat  into  the  colony  of  the  Cape  of  Good  hope,  with  the  view  to  the  export  of  its  wool  to  Europe.  The  coal  trade  is  in  a  remarkably  healthy  condition,  and  the  demand  is  still  in  excess  of  the  supply.  RUSSIAN  EMIGRATION.  The  Alta  Californian  states  that  a  number  of  Russians  (12,000)  are  preparing  to  emigrate  to  the  Sandwich  Islands,  under  the  immediate  auspices  of  the  Emperor.  The  Fame  paper  calls  upon  the  *United  States  Government  to  look  into  this  matter,  as  assuredly  such  emigration  cannot  be  supposed  to  be  for  the  sole  purpose  of  colonization;  and  that  it  is  imp  ro  b  a  bl  e  th  at  England  or  France  will  lookupon  it  as  such.  OTHELLO  AS  A  LITTLE  Booth's  Othello  was  much  liked  in  America.  An  old  Yankee,  who  had  never  seen  a  play,  was  taken  to  witness  Booth's  perform performance  ance performance  of  the  Moor  ;  and  on  being  asked,  at  the  termination  of  the  piece,  if  he  liked  it,  he  replied,  amazing  ;  but  ens  me  if  I  don't  guess  that  little  nigger,  (Othello)  played  as  well  as  any  o'  the  white  fellors—if  not  'better.  —A.  Bunn.  It  is  stated  by  the  Rev.  John  Kershaw,  canon  of  the  Catholic  Cathedral  of  Salford,  and  Bishop's  visitor  of  the  schools,  that  he  estimates  the  number  of  Catholic  children  for  whom  no  provision  is  made  in  existing  day-.schools  in  Manchester  and  Salford,  at  14,017.  It  is  calculated  that,  in  England  and  Wales,  there  are  843,750  youths  between  13  and  14  years  of  age,  and  consequently  just  passing  out  of  the  schoolan  into  acti  ve  life,  who  have  received  no  efficient  instruction'  to  fit  them  for  the  duties  thereof.  This  number  of  children  would  require  for  their  instruction  annually  about  £1,000,000.  Not  the  most  strenuous  voluntary  can  tell  us  how,  without  a  government  measure,  this  amount  is  to  be  raised.  The  Rev.  Mr.  Clay,  the  chaplain  of  the  Preston  House  of  Correction,  estimates  the  loss  caused  to  the  public  by  fifteen  pickpockets,  whose  careers  he  has  traced,  including  the  value  of  the  property  stolen,  expenses  of  prosecution  and  mainten maintenance  ance maintenance  in  jail,  at  £26,500.  At  an  annual  exp  .  ense  of  £75  the  whole  fifteen  might  have  been  trained  in  an  Industrial  school  and  the  majority  of  them,  no  doubt,  would  have  become  honest,  industrious,  and  useful  members  of  society."
