text
"POLICE  COURT.-YESTERDAY,  (BEFORE  MR.  CHARLES  CHALONER.)  CALL  TIIIS  NOTHING  !—Police-offioer,  No.  7  . STYLE=superscript  61,  charged  a  mechanic  named  Hugh  J.  Wallace,  on  suspicion  of  having  stolen  a  shawl.  He  said,  at  an  early  hour  in  the  morning  be  met  the  prisoner  in  Thurlow-street,  and  seeing  some  bulk  under  his  arm,  he  asked  what  he  had  there  ?  He  replied  you  call  this  replied  the  constable,  at  the  same  time  drawing  the  shawl  from  under  the  prisoner's  arm.  He  could  not  give  any  account  of  the  article,  and  he  was  remanded.  SHOP  LIFTING.—A  young  female  named  Winefred  Ferguson,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  shawl  from  the  shop  door  of  Messrs.  Robertson  and  Mason,  Old  Hay Haymarket.  market. Haymarket.  The  prisoner  was  rather  the  worse  of  drink,  and  on  Saturday  evening  she  ran  off  with  the  shawl,  but  was  caught  in  John's-lane.  She  was  committed  for  seven  days.  OPEN  CONFESSION.—A  lady  named  Mrs.  Pve,  of  Nether Netherton,  ton, Netherton,  who  was  attired  in  rich  wedding  garments,  charged  a  well  dressed  young  fellow,  named  James  Mathews,  with  picking  her  pocket  of  a  white  cambric  handker handkerchief,  chief, handkerchief,  in  Byrom-street.  The  prisoner  said—My  band  happened  to  fall  into  the  lady's  pocket,  and  I  was  taking  it  out  when  she  caught  me.  He  was  committed  for  two  months.  (It  was  said  the  lady  had  a  large  sum  of  money  in  the  same  pocket  at  the  time.)  STEALING  GEOCERIES.—Henry  Kevin,  a  porter,  in  the  employment  of  Mr.  Tate,  grocer,  James-street,  was  charged  with  having  stolen  a  quantity  of  articles,  his  property.  The  things  were  found  in  the  prisoner's  lodgings,  at  4-court,  Pellew-street.  He  was  committed  for  two  months.  THEFT  BY  A  SHOPMAN.—A  respectable  looking  young  man,  named  John  Hughes,  was  charged  with  stealing  three  sovereigns  from  his  employer,  Mr.  William  Morris,  grocer,  residing  in  Oldhall-street.  The  prisoner  was  in  the  employment  of  prosecutor  as  one  of  his  shopmen,  and  he  was  suspected  not  to  be  honest.  The  com— complainant  plainant complainant  marked  some  sovereigns,  and  yesterday  morning  he  called  a  policeman,  who,  on  searching  the  prisoner,  found  three  marked  sovereigns  on  him.  The  prisoner  attempted  to  account  for  the  possession  of  the  money,  but  failing  to  do.  so,  he  was  sent  to  gaol  for  two  months.  THE  LIVERPOOL  HOWEOPATHIC  DISPENSARY.  TI  1E  annual  meeting  of  the  subscribers  to,  and  friends  of,  this  institution  was  held  yesterday  afternoon,  at  the  Clarendon-rooms,  Mr.  Yate  Lee  in  the  chair.  Mr.  Capper,  the  secretary,  read  the  following  REPORT.  This  dispensary  was  first  established  in  1841,  and  has  now,  therefore,  been  in  existence  fourteen  years.  The  number  of  patients  treated  during  this  period  has  been  37,000.  The  number  of  now  patients  during  the  last  year  was  3,407.  Tho  total  number  of  prescriptions  dispensed  in  1855  was  16,161.  Throughout  the  year  the  charity  has  had  the  benefit  of  the  services  of  a  qualified  house-surgeon,  and  his  exertions  have  been  attended  with  the  greatest  success.  Since  the  Ist  of  March  a  special  register  has  been  kept  of  patients  visited  by  him  at  their  own  homes:  The  number  of  patients  thus  visited  has  been  353,  and  the  number  of  such  visits  paid  2,367.  The  subscribers  to  the  dispensary  will  be  much  gratified  by  the  following  official  testimony  to  the  success  of  homoeopathic  -practice  in  acute  diseas.  In  a  return  made  last  May  to  the  House  of  Commons,  of  papers  and  letters  addressed  to  the  Board  of  Health  relating  to  the  treatment  of  cholera,  which  were  produced  upon  the  motion  of  Lord  Robert  Grosvenor,  the  following  passage  occurs.  Dr.  Macloughlin,  ono  of  the  Medical  Inspectors  of  the  Board  of  Health,  addressing  one  of  the  Medical  officers  of  the  Homoeopathic  Hospital,  Golden Goldensquare,  square, Goldensquare,  says:  You  are  aware  that  I  went  to  your  hospital  predisposed  against  the  hornceopathic  system  ;  that  you  had  in  me,  in  your  camp,  an  enemy  rather  than  a  friend,  and  that  I  must,  there therefore,  fore, therefore,  have  seen  some  urgent  reason  to  come  away  so  favourably  disposed  as  to  advise  a  friend  to  send  a  subscription  to  your  charitable  fund  ;  and  I  need  not  tell  you  that  I  have  taken  some  pains  to  make  myself  acquainted  with  the  rise,  progress,  and  medical  treatment  of  cholera,  and  that  I  claim  for  myself  some  right  to  be  able  to  recognise  the  disease,  and  to  know  something  of  what  the  medical  treatment  ought  to  be;  and,  that  there  may  be  no  misapprehension  about  the  cases  I  saw  in  your  hospital,  I  will  add  that  all  I  saw  were  true  cases  of  cholera,  in  various  stages  of  disease  ;  and  that  I  saw  several  cases  which  did  well  under  your  treatment  which,  I  have  no  hesitation  in  saying,  would  have  sunk  under  any  other.  In  conclusion,  I  must  repeat  to  you,  what  I  have  already  told  you,  and  what  I  have  told  every  one  with  whom  I  have  conversed,  that,  although  an  allopath  by  principle,  educa education,  tion, education,  and  practice,  yet,  was  it  the  will  of  Providence  to  afflict  me  by  cholera,  and  to  deprive  me  of  the  power  of  prescribing  for  myself,  I  would  rather  be  in  the  hand  of  a  homoeopathic,  than  an  allopathic  In  addition  to  this  important  testimony  the  committee  have  great  satisfaction  in  adding  a  tabular  statement  of  the  acute  cases  and  the  results,  the  patients  in  such  cases  having  been  attended  at  their  own  houses  by  Dr.  Gwynn,  the  present  house  surgeon,  since  the  Ist  of  March  last.  [This  statement  showed  that  the  total  number  of  acute  cases  under  treatment  was  204,  of  which  177  recovered,  2  were  relieved,  and  13  only  died.]  _  The  above  evidence,  adduced  from  official  as  well  as  local  sources,  is  in  itself  sufficient  to  disprove  the  statement  that  homoeopathy  is  unable  to  cope  with  acute  disease.  At  the  Southwark  Police  Court  on  Saturday,  John  Satchwell,  an  excavator,  and  Maria  Satchwell,  his  wife,  two  middle-aged  hearty-looking  persons,  the  latter  with  art  infant  at  the  breast,  were  brought  before  Mr.  A'Beckett.  by  the  parish  authorities  of  Bermondsey,  charged  with.  wilfully  neglecting  to  provide  proper  food  and  nourish nourishment  ment nourishment  to  four  of  their  children,  aged  5,7,  10,  and  11  years,  whereby  their  lives  were  in  danger  from  starvation.  Charles  Slow,  assistant  relieving  officer  of  Bermondsey  parish,  stated  that  on  the  previous  day  two  females  brought  to  the  workhouse  two  children,  one  about  five  years  old  and.  the  other  about  seven.  They  were  in  a  dreadfully  emaciated  condition,  and  could  not  stand.  They  had  all  the  appearance  of  having  been  starved.  He  admitted  them  into  the  house,  and  ordered  them  to  be  supplied  with  food.  After  that  he  went  to  No.  4,  Mellich's-place,  and  there  he  saw  the  female  prisoner,  when  he  told  her  about  the  two  children,  and  that  he  thought  they  were  dying.  She  said.  it  was  not  her  fault.  There  were  at  that  time  four  children.  in  the  room,  and  he  asked  her  if  they  Lad  had  any  food..  The  eldest  of  the  children  said  that  they  had  not  since  the  day  before,  when  they  had  a  little  bread.  He  sent  three  of  those  children  to  the  workhouse,  and  after  they  were  gone  he  asked  the  female  prisoner  whether  they  had  any  food.  on  Christmas  Day.  She  said  they  had  nothing  from  Christ Christmas  mas Christmas  Eve  until  eight  o'clock  on  boxing  morning,  when  she  gave  them  a  little  plum-padding;  that  her  husband  had  been  out  all  Christmas  Day,  and  fared  sumptuously,  and  that  she  went  to  him  at  six  o'clock,  and  had  tea  there,  and  stopped  till  near  two  o'clock  the  following  morning.  lie  asked  her  where  her  husband  was.  She  replied  at  work,  and  from  information  he  received,  he  went  to  St.  Katharine's  , STYLE=superscript  Docks  and  took  him  to  the  station-house,  and  afterwards  met  the  female  prisoner  and  gave  her  into  custody.  Mr.  John  Dixon,  surgeon,  said  that  on  the  29th  of  last  month  the  female  prisoner  brought  three  children  to  hiss  surgery,  and  presented  an  order  for  medical  relief.  The  poer  children  were  in  a  very  bad  and  emaciated  state,  con consequent  sequent consequent  upon  insufficient  diet,  and  he  had  no  doubt  that.  they  had  been  starved.  Four  of  the  children  were  by  a  former  husband.  Thomas,  three  years  old,  and  the  other,  an  infant  at  the  breast,  were  the  offspring  of  the  present  marriage.  The  two  latter  were  healthy  and  strong,  but  the  others  were  in  a  dreadful  state.  Their  bones  were  actually  protruding  through  the  skin,  and  they  could  not  stand,  from  weakness  and  want  of  proper  nourishment.  They  had  been  gradually  starved,  and  could  not  have  lived  long.  One  of  them,  Maria,  was  so  bad  that  he  thought  she  must  have  died  in  a  few  hours.  However  they  were  all  promptly  attended  to  in  the  workhouse,  and  were  in  a  fair  way  of  recovery.  The  poor  neglected  children  were  here  introduced,  and.  exhibited  one  of  the  most  horrifying  and  melancholy  spectacles  that  was  ever  witnessed  in  a  court  of  justice,  and  caused  cries  of  to  proceed  from  every  person  in  the  court.  Mr.  A'Beckett  observed  that  he  never  had  a  case  of  greater  inhumanity  before  him.  What  answer  had  the  prisoners  to  make  to  the  charge?  The  male  prisoner  said  that  all  his  earnings  he  gave  to  his  wife,  to  do  as  she  thought  proper  with  ;  and  the  latter  said  that  all  the  money  he  gave  her,  she  spent  to  keep  him  in  food.  Mr.  A'Beckett  told  them  there  was  no  excuse  for  their  brutal  and  .inhuman  conduct;  and  it  was  fortunate  for  them  that  the  circumstances  came  to  the  knowledge  of  the  parish  authorities  before  either  of  the  poor  children  perished,  or  they  would  now  most  likely  have  stood  before  him  charged  with  a  more  serious  offence.  He  should  com commit  mit commit  them  for  trial  to  the  next  sessions,  and  direct  the  five  children  to  be  kept  in  the  workhouse,  where  he  was  sure  every  care  would  be  taken  of  them.  The  prisoners,  who  during  the  examination  seemed  quite  unconcerned  about  the  nature  of  the  charge  against  them,  were  removed  from  the  dock  ;  and  the  children  were  conveyed  in  a  cab,  under  the  care  of  two  nurses,  to  Bermondsey  Workhouse.  YESTERDAY'S  MARKETS  LIVERPOOL  CATTLE.—Beef  met  a  slow  sale  to-day,  and  at  rather  reduced  rates.  The  show  was  extremely  rough,  and  many  of  that  description  are  on  hands  since  last  week.  There  was  a  fair  sale  for  sheep,  at  full  prices.  Supplies—Beasts,  2567  ;  sheep,  9297.  Prices—Beef,  4icl  to  6141;  mutton,  Sid  to  6d,  per  lb.  DUNDALK  CORN.—Wheat,  40s  to  435;  oats,  14s  to  16s  ;  barley,  20s  to  235.  Market  small.  LOND6IST:CORN.—The  supply  of  English  wheat  was  very  small,  nearly  the  whole  in  very  damp  condition,  dry  samples  commanding  the  extreme  rates  of  last  week,  but  the  others  were  a  slow  sale  at  former  prices.  Foreign  wheat  was  in  more  demand  than  of  late,  and  in  some  instances  prices  were  obtained,  which  were  not  recently  obtainable,  but  the  business  done  was  generally  of  a.  retail  character.  For  barley  there  is  more  inquiry  at  last  week's  rates.  Beans  and  grey  peas  aro  is  per  qr.,  and  white  peas  2s  per  qr.,  cheaper.  Oats  are  a  fair  retail  trade  at  full  prices.  Flour  is  steady,  at  the  extreme  prices  of  last  week.  BOROUGH  HOP.—The  market  is  quiet,  and  prices  are  steady  at  the  following  rates:—Low  new,  from  50s  to  603;  middling,  70s  to  90s  ;  fine,  95s  to  112  s  ;  ditto  East  and  Mid  Kents,  115  s  to  1355.  SPORTING  INTELLIGENCE  TATTERSALL'S.-YESTERDAY  EVENING.  TWO  THOUSAND  GUINEAS.  100  to  30  agst  Fly  by  Night—taken,  DERBY.  8  to  1  agst:Wentworth—taken.  10  ...  1  ...  Fly  by  Night—offers  to  take.  20  ...  1  ...  Artillery—taken.  20  ...  1  ...  Polmoodie  —taken.  '  23  ...  1  ...  Peter  Wilkins—taken.'  40  ...  1  ...  The  Prince—taken.  50  ...  1  ...  Aleppo—taken.  66  ...  1  ...  Ring-dropper—taken.::  CHESTER  CUP.  1000  to  20  agst  Imogene—taken.  1000  ...  20  ...  Rifleman—taken.  1000  ...  20  .  .  Quince—taken.  1000  ...  20  ...  Flatterer—taken.  1000  ...  10  ...  Vandyke—taken,  1000  ...  10  ...  Aleppo—taken."
