text
"TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  SIR,—A  petition  has  just  been  presented  to  the  Corporation  to  improve  the  approach  to  the  Land Landing-stage  ing-stage Landing-stage  but  it  strikes  me  that  in  this  usually  foggy  month,  one,  to  keep  the  approach  to  it  by  water  '  clear,  would  be  more  apropos.  I  allude  to  the  ships  so  often  anchored  in  the  direct  course  of  the  Woodside  boats,  contrary  to  the  remonstrance  of  the  superintendent  of  pilots.  The  annoyance,  inconvenience,  and  delay,  to  say  nothing  of  the  danger  of  a  vastly  over-crowded  boat  .  threading  its  way  through  a  labyrinth  of  ships,  and  sometimes  poking  its  nose  into  some  of  their  ribs,  might  surely  be  much  lessened  by  keep  ing  a  clear  passage,  within  certain  limits,  for  at  least  one  month  in  the  year,  when  thick  weather  is.generally  to  be  looked  for.  It  is  a  question,  moreover,  affecting  the  interest  of  the  shipowner,  as  it  would  certainly  be  an  advantage  to  him  to  have  his  vessel  moored  in  a  position  less  likely  to  have  the  relative  strength  of  iron  and  timber  so  uselessly  tested.  When  the  Queen  honoured  us  with  a  visit,  an  authoritative  mandate  was  issued  as  to  the  anchor anchoring  ing anchoring  of  all  craft  in  the  river.  Could  not  the  same  power  be  as  firmly  used  over  a  fractional  part  of  the  river,  when  the  convenience,  and  perhaps,  safety  of  so  many  of  her  loyal  subjects  depend,  in  a  great  measure,  upon  its  enforcement?  The  chief  uncertainty  and  difficulty  in  making  the  landing-stage  in  thick  weather,  arise  from  the  caution  the  captains  have  to  use,  in  avoiding  and  calculating  for  the  position  of  vessels  between  it  and  them.  Clear  the  way,  and  these  difficulties  vanish.  The  importance  of  this  supject,  to  the  inha inhabitants  bitants inhabitants  of  the  Cheshire  side,  must  plead  my  excuse  for  trespassing  on  your  columns  -  A  Birkenhead,  12th  November,  1853."
