text
"NOTICE  .  .  .  .  The  Proprietors  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  have.nok,  completed  their  arrangements  for  securing  the  delivery  of  ,the  paper  at  the  following  places  every  morning,  at,  or  before  eight  O  cloek.  ,  .  ..  BIRKENHEAD  1  BOOTLE  WOODSIDE  1  WALTON  TRANMERE  ROCK  FERRY  EVERTON  WATERLOO  •  ~  FAIRFIELD  SEA.FORTII  .  ,'  .AIGBURTH.  '  TO  CORRESPONDENTS.  'A  WORKING  -  You  are  right.  The  Morning  Chronicle  has  appropriated  our  reports  of  the  at  Preston  and  Manchester  without  acknowlegement:  This  may  have  possibly  be  done  through  inadvertence,  for  we  can  not  believe  that  a  paper  so  respectable  would  willingly  pilfer  from  us.  No  notice  can  be  taken  of  anonymous  communications.  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  writer  ;  not  necessarily  for  publication,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  'etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  WiLiziErt,  and  those  from  London  may  be  seat  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  TVEDNESDAY,  OCTOBER  19,  1853  INTELLIGENCE  has  just  reached  London,  by  elec  trio  telegraph  from  Vienna,  to  the  effect,  tl  Prince  GORTSCHAKOFF,  the  Russian  Commander-  chief,  had  sent  a  Reply  to  OMER  PACHA,  who,  01  behalf  of  the  P9RTE;  had  required  the.  evacuatio:  -  -  of  the  Danubian  Principalities  by  the  Russian  force  within  fifteen  days  The  substance  of  this  reply  is,  that  is  neither  authOrised  to  commence  hostilities,  nor  to  conclude  peace,  nor  to  evacuate  the  The  Turkish  courier,  intrusted  with  despatche  for  the  Ottoman  Ambassador  at  Vienna,  am  which  was  the  Declaration  of  War,  arrived  in  1  city  on  the  morning  of  the  14th  instant.  The  Austrian  army  is  to  be  reduced  by  75  men  ;  which  will  effect  a  saving  of  some  30,000,000  florins  per  annum.  Great  anxiety  is  felt  'as  to  whether  the  Western  Powers  will  approve  of  this  measure,  especially  at  this  crisis  of  European  affair  §.  It  is,  however,  a  decided  proof  that  Austria  intends  to'  maintain  a  neutral  policy,  in  the  event  of  a  war  between  Russia  and  Turkey.  It  is  stated,  upon  the  authority  of  a  private  letter  .  =  Constantinople,  that,  on  the  event  of  Prince  GORTSCHAKOFF  riot  evacuating  the  Principalities  within  the  prescribed•  period,  Turkey  wilt  first  of  all  begin  hostile.  operations  in  Asia.  Up  to  the  25th  inst.  OMER  PACHA  will  suffer  all  eutral  yessels  the  unhindered  pasSdge  of  the"
