text
"CRIME  AND  CRIMINALS  IN  LIVERPOOL.  THE  BOROUGH  GAOL-CHAPLAIN'S  REPORT.  To  the  Worshipful  the  Mayor  and  Magistrates  in  Sessions.  GENTLEMEN,  —Again  it  becomes  my  duty,  as  chaplain  of  your  gaol,  to  present  my  annual  report  on  the  moral  and  religious  condition  of  the  prisoners  who  have  been  brought  under  my  notice  during  the  year  ending  on  the  30th  Sep September  tember September  last.  _  _  Were  I  to  restrict  myself  to  these  topics  very  few  words  might  suffice,  since  no  appreciable  variation  in  their  charac character  ter character  or  extent  has  presented  itself.  True  it  is  that  the  number  of  commitments  has  been  less,  and  on  the  daily  average  of  prisoners  confined  in  the  gaol  there  has  been  a  marked  diminution,  amounting,  indeed,  to  upwards  of  100;  but  while  we  felicitate  ourselves  on  this  circumstance  we  must  not  suppose  that  it  arises  from  any  advance  in  the  moral  and  religious  condition  of  the  people,  or  from  any  deterring  in influences  fluences influences  or  other  penal  appliances,  but  we  must  ascribe  it,  I  think,  to  the  general  improvement  in  their  social  position,  induced  by  increased  employment,  and  the  more  remunerative  prices  of  labour.  .  .  .  Throughout  my  experience  I  have  observed  that  in  seasons  of  prosperity  we  have  always  had  a  larger  proportion  of  commitments  in  default  of  payment  of  fines  for  drunkenness.  This  is  again  a  very  conspicuous  feature  in  the  statistical  returns  of  the  present  year,  and  is  one  much  to  be  deplored,  as  exhibiting  a  fearful  extent  of  depravity,  and  showing  how  prone  men  are  to  turn  the  grace  of  God  into  lasciviousness,  and  to  abuse  the  bounties  of  His  providence.  It  will  be  seen  that  the  daily  average  of  prisoners  during  the  past  year  has  not  only  been  actually  less  than  during  the  former,  but,  relatively  to  the  total  commitments,  infinitely  less  than  during  many  previous  years.  The  increase  in  the  number  of  commitments  for  drunken drunkenness,  ness, drunkenness,  which  are  generally  for  very  short  periods,  at  once  ex explain  plain explain  this  ;  but  in  addition  to  this  consideration,  the  sen sentences  tences sentences  awarded  for  other  offences—for  those  involving  dis dishonesty,  honesty, dishonesty,  if  I  may  be  allowed  to  use  the  distinction—have  certainly  been  of  less  duration  than  they  were  wont  to  be  in  the  practice  of  late  years,  and  hence  the  daily  average  must  necessarily  have  been  less  :  but  this  must  not  be  regarded  as  an  indication  or  much  improvement,  I  fear,  in  the  moral  habits  and  feelings  of  the  people,  nor  does  it  justify  us,  when  taking  a  forecast  of  the  future,  to  hope  that  even  this  apparent  advance  will  be  sustained.  The  great  increase  in  the  prices  of  all  the  necessaries  of  life;  the  embarrassed  state  Of  the  labour  question  through throughout  out throughout  the  kingdom  ;  the  interference  of  the  political  aspect  of  affairs  with  the  commerce  of  the  country;  the  abolition  of  transportation  excepting  for  the  most  gross  offences,  and  the  substitution  of  long  periods  of  imprisonment,  are,  in  them themselves,  selves, themselves,  portentious  circumstances  ;  and  when,  in  addition,  we  consider  that  all  the  ordinary  incentives  to  crime  in  this  town,  to  some  of  which  I  have  alluded  in  former  reports,  still  continue  in  unmitigated  force,  we  cannot,  I  think,  avoid  the  apprehension  that  hereafter,  our  daily  average,  if  not  actually,  will  be  relatively  greater.  But  there  is  another  remark  suggested  by  the  statistics  before  you,  which,  though  obvious,  I  ought  not  to  with withhold.  hold. withhold.  The  shortness  of  the  . STYLE=superscript  .periods  of  imprisonment  in indicated  dicated indicated  by  the  falling  off  in  the  actual  and  centesimal  proportion  of  the  daily  average,  whilst  it  has  not  alleviated  perceptibly  my  duties,  has  reduced  my  opportunities  of  bene benefiting  fiting benefiting  those  who  have  passed  through  the  goal.  Let  us  hope  that  in  some  cases,  even  of  the  shortest  terms  of  con confinement,  finement, confinement,  a  word  may  have  been  spoken  in  season  which  has  not  been  without  its  effect.  We  cannot  venture  to  say  more  than  this  ;  the  good  that  may  be  done,  from  the  very  nature  of  things,  we  cannot  know;  at  the  utmost  it  must  be  merely  conjecture  :  whilst  of  the  failure  of  our  efforts  we  have  only  daily  too  many  instances,  with  all  their  depressing  and  dis discouraging  couraging discouraging  influences,  here  there  is  so  much  evil,  and  that  so  deeply  rooted  and  of  such  long  duration—where  there  is  so  much  to  unteach  and  so  much  around  us  to  coun counteract  teract counteract  and  frustrate  our  exertions—we  must  only  expect,  though  we  must  not  rest  satisfied  with,  a  small  measure  of  success  ;  and,  happily,  we  are  not  altogether  destitute  of  this.  lam  not  without  hope,  indeed  I  feel  a  degree  of  con confidence,  fidence, confidence,  that  our  labours  have  not  been  altogether  in  vain.  1  have  no  alteration  to  notice  in  the  routine  of  my  duties  during  the  past  year,  neither  has  any  taken  place  in  the  system  of  instruction  pursued,  or  in  the  means  at  my  dis disposal.  posal. disposal.  In  my  last  report  I  ventured  to  suggest  that  an  applica application  tion application  should  be  made  to  the  committee  of  the  free  public  library,  for  a  grant  of  any  supernumerary  books  at  their  dis disposal,  posal, disposal,  towards  the  formation  of  a  library  for  the  use  of  the  subordinate  officers  of  this  establishment  ;  that  suggestion  not  having  been  adopted,  I  applied  on  my  own  responsibility,  and  am  glad  to  be  able  to  report  that  I  obtained  a  grant  of  fourhundred  volumes.  To  the  committee  of  the  Bible  Society,  likewise,  I  am  in indebted  debted indebted  for  a  very  liberal  donation,  on  my  application,  of  Bibles  and  Testaments  for  gratuitous  distribution  amongst  the  prisoners  on  discharge,  when  found  deserving.  I  have  also  to  record  a  grant  by  the  town  council  of  a  sum  of  £250  towards  the  expense  of  providing  for  juveniles  on  their  discharge  from  prison.  Little  progress  has  been  made  in  this  way  --  not,  I  am  sorry  to  say,  for  want  of  objects,  but  for  want  of  suitable  asylums  to  receive  them.  During  the  year  the  following  juveniles  have,  however,  being  removed,  viz„  14  boys  to  Red-hill,  Reigate,  under  conditional  par pardons  dons pardons  ;  2  boys  to  Kingswood,  near  Bristol  -one  of  these  was  the  boy  Hart,  referred  to  in  the  late  Mr.  Rushton's  letter  to  the  town  council—the  sentence  of  both  had  expired  before  removal  ;  6  girls  to  Kingswood,  4  of  whom  are  under  condi condititional  titional condititional  pardons  ;  1  girl  to  Dalston  Refuge,  London  ;  2  girls  to  County  Refuge,  Chester  ;  4  girls  to  County  Refuge,  Edge Edgehill.  hill. Edgehill.  Making  a  total  of  29  boys  and  girls.  The  are  several  now  in  the  gaol,  who,  at  a  fitting  opportunity,  will  be  dis disposed  posed disposed  of  in  a  similar  way.  Of  those  who  have  been  pro provided  vided provided  for  in  the  manner  stated,  I  have  to  report  that  6  (with  a  seventh,  who  had  been  sent  hence  in  July,  1852)  have  emigrated  —2  to  Swan  River,  2  to  Ohio,  1  to  Kentucky,  and  to  Australia.  One  has  returned  to  employment  in  Liverpool  ;  one  is  in  Westminster  Bridewell,  having  de deserted  serted deserted  from  Red-hill,  and  was  apprehended  in  London,  and  convicted  of  picking  pockets  ;  one  is  now  in  this  gaol,  having  deserted  from  Edge-hill,  and  was  convicted  here  of  picking  pockets  ;  6  are  still  in  the  philanthropic  school  at  Red-hill,  and  reported  to  be  doing  well;  one  well  reported  of  in  Dal Dalston  ston Dalston  Refuge;  one  (with  one  previously  sent)  well  reported  of  at  Chester;  two  going  on  satisfactorily  at  the  refuge,  Edge-hill  ;  one  absconded  from  Edge-hill,  and  is  not  re recovered,  covered, recovered,  whose  mother  is  now  here  under  sentence  of  four  months'  imprisonment  ;  one  absconded  from  Chester,  has  since  been  several  times  in  this  prison,  and  is  known  to  be  living  a  dissolute  life  ;  and  eight  are  still  in  the  school  at  Kingswood,  seven  of  whom  are  subjects  of  anxiety  and  doubt.  Thus  it  appears  that,  of  29  cases  of  juveniles,  7  have  done  well,  I  l  are  in  the  way  of  doing  well,  7  are  still  doubtful,  2  have  so  far  failed,  and  2  are  hopelessly  lost.  Nov,  when  I  state  that,  with  one  solitary  exception,  all  these,  though  young  in  years,  were  old  in  crime,  and  that,  in  my  judgment,  no  existing  system  of  prison  discipline  could  ever  possibly  reclaim  them,  it  will  be  admitted,  I  hope  ;  that  we  have  suffisient  encouragement  not  only  to  persevere  in,  but,  if  possible,  to  extend,  these  means.  Too  much  credit  cannot,  be  given  to  those  who  have  the  management  of  the  several  reformatory  institutions  above  referred  to  ;  their  work  is  arduous,  and  much  discretion,  patience,  and  self-denial  must  have  been  exercised,  I  am  sure,  to  produce  even  this  measure  of  success.  Miss  Car Carpenter,  penter, Carpenter,  to  whose  exertions  the  Kingwood  Reformatory  School  mainly  owes  its  existence,  and  to  whom  I  feel  so  deeply  indebted  for  the  readiness  with  velich  she  has  enter entertained  tained entertained  my  applications,  thus  reports  to  me  :  All  the  girls  we  have  received  from  you,  except  little  M.  R.,  exhibit  an  amount  of  wickedness  and  audacity  which  I  could  not  have  realised,  nor  any  one  else  who  has  had  much  to  do  with  them,  if  I  had  not  come  into  personal  contact  with  them.  I  never  before  was  so  certain  of  the  evil  influence  and  non-reformatory  action  of  an  associated  gaol  like  yours  ;  an  influence  which  cannot  be  counteracted  by  even  such  efforts  as  yours  Of  our  she  goes  on  to  say,  I  cannot,  of  course,  speak;  nor  do  I  believe  that  it  would  be  safe  for  the  girls  to  return  to  Liverpool  when  they  leave  us  ;  but  I  feel  sure  that  much  progress  has  been  made,  and  that  there  is  every  hope  that  a  change  will  be  wrought  in  them  if  they  stay  with  us  long  enough.  Ly  null  and  Hart  aro  improving,  the  latter  especially  ;  we  want  legal  detention  for  The  subject  of  juvenile  destitution  and  crime  appears  at  length  to  be  attracting  public  attention,  and  parliament  has  unmistakeably  evinced  a  determination  fully  to  grapple  with  the  difficulty.  I  look  forward,  therefore,  with  feelings  of  the  most  lively  interest  and  anxiety  to  the  next  session;  when  legislation  will  take  place  on  the  matters  so  thoroughly  and  so  patiently  sifted  by  the  select  committees  which  sat  during  the  two  last  sessions.  The  bill  introduced  last  ses session  sion session  by  Mr.  Adderley  and  Sir  John  Pakington,  and  read  a  second  time,  I  believe,  was  merely  intended  to  induce  a  dis discussion  cussion discussion  of  the  question,  and,  so  far,  it  certainly  answered  its  object.  To  my  own  mind,  in  itself  it  appeared  insufficient,  and  otherwise  objectionable.  The  provisions  of  the  new  bill,  I  am  given  to  understand,  will  be  better  considered,  more  full  and  satisfactory,  embracing  the  vitally  essential  points  recommended  in  the  resolutions  of  the  committee  above  referred  to,  and  which  were  reported  to  the  House  of  Commons  on  the  20th  June.  Still,  I  feel  that  the  pecu peculiarities  liarities peculiarities  of  our  position,  as  a  large  sea-port,  visited  by  a  number  of  criminal  and  destitute  boys  from  Ireland  and  the  adjacent  populous  districts—possessing,  moreover,  our  un unenviable  enviable unenviable  notoriety  for  juvenile  crime—not  only  admits  of,  but  indeed  demands,  the  establishment,  by  legal  sanction  of  a  reformatory  differing  from  those  alone  contemplated,  and  that  it  is  highly  desirable  that  some  steps  should  be  taken— takenmay  may takenmay  I  suggest  by  the  promoters  of  the  Liverpool  petition  on  this  subject—to  press  upon  the  government  the  propriety  of  embracing  within  their  scheme  the  formation  of  reforma reformatories  tories reformatories  afloat.  Several  gentlemen  of  your  court  are  aware  of  the  encou encouragement  ragement encouragement  which  has  been  already  directly  and  formally  held  out  by  the  Liverpool  Shipowners'  Association  to  a  proposal  some  months  ago  made  for  the  establishment  of  a  hulk  in  our  river  for  the  training  of  boys  for  the  merchant  marine  service  ;  and  I  do,  therefore,  with  the  utmost  deference,  de desire  sire desire  strenuously  to  urge  that  the  present  opportunity  for  ob obtaining  taining obtaining  the  necessary  legal  facilities  ought  not  to  be  suffered  to  pass.  One  essential  for  the  well-working  and  success  of  any  reformatory  institution,  whether  ashore  or  afloat,  will  be  a  goad  business  or  society  of  for  the  disposal  or  placing  out  in  life  of  those  who  have  been  subjected  during  a  sufficient  length  of  time  to  re reformatory  formatory reformatory  action.  With  such  an  addendum  I  should"
