text
"FRAN  CI  We  read  in  a  communication  from  Paris  of  Friday's  date,  that  doubts  and  hesitations  regard regarding  ing regarding  Russia's  acceptance  of  the  Austrian  proposi propositions,  tions, propositions,  had  been  strengthened  by  subsequent  dispatches  which  speak  of  modifications,  which  Russia  reserves  to  herself,  and  which  may  mean  exactly  what  she  pleases,  and  are,  at  all  events,  inconsistent  with  the  acceptance  and  simple'  which  alone  gave  value  to  the  communication  made  yesterday.  Prince  Jerome  gave  a  grand  dinner  the  day  be before  fore before  yesterday,  at  which  were  present  the  Duke  of  Cambridge,  Prince  Napoleon,  Lord  ,Cowley,  Sir  E.  Lyons,  Admiral  Dundas,  General  Count  de  la  Marmora,  Marshal  Vailant,  Count  Walewski,  Gen.  Canrobert,  General  Bosquet,  General  Neil;  General  de  Martiniprey,  Admiral  Hamelin;  Admiral  Jurien  de  la  Graviere,  Admiral  Penaud,  the  Turkish  Ambassador,  the  Sardinian  Minister,  Lord  Holland,  M.  Abbatucci,  M.  Billault,  M.  Troplong,.  M.  de.  Morny;  Colonel  Claremont,  Colonel  Tyrwhitt,  Major  Clifton,  Captain  Brady,  and  M.  de  Gram Grammont.  mont. Grammont.  M.  Fould,  the  Minister  of  State,  gave  a  grand  dinner  the  day  before  yesterday.  A  concert  was  given  in  the  evening,  and  was  honoured  by  the  eke  of  Cambridge.  Mdmes.  Borghi  Abel  and  M.  Mario  were  among  Mauro  and  Marie  C  •  the  principal  artists  on  the  occasion.  M.  d'Olozaga,  Minister  of  Spain  - STYLE=superscript  in  France,  has  arrived  in  Paris.  The  following  incident  marked  the  review  of  Tuesday:  --At  the  moment  when  the  Emperor  was  passing  in  front  of  the  Zouaves  of  the  Uuard,  the  son  of  the  eantiniere  of  the  regiment,  a  boy  of  about  seven  years  of  age,  and  already  wearing  the  Zouave  uniform,  drew  near.  the  Emperor  and  pl  . STYLE=superscript  (  tsented  to  him  a  fine  bo  uquet  o  f  v  i  o  l  ets  1  )  and  bouquet  to  t  pointing  to  the  balcony  Ited  with  her  ladies,  and  then  pro  now  am  I  to.  get.  to  messe  show  you  the  wa  ith  his  inspection.  Empress  said  the  huh  I  barrassmen  I  will  said  a  deep  voice  near  him;  and  the  boy,  looking  up,  perceived  that  it  was  the  tall  drum-major  of  the  Zouaves  who  had  volunteered  to  serve  him  as  guide.  The  tall  _  ively  by  the  hand,  an  d  i  u  a  few  minutes,  thanks  Co  the  imperturbable  repeti repetition  tion repetition  of  By  order  of  the  Emperor,  a  bouquet  for  the  they  soon  arrived  near  her  Majesty.  The  Empress  accepted  the  flowers,  embraced  the  little  boy  on  each  cheek,  and  asked  him  his  name  and  those  of  his  parents,  and  appeared  de delighted  lighted delighted  with  his  present.  At  last  the  child,  after  having  been  carressed  and  kissed  by  the  ladies,  re returned  turned returned  with  his  tall  comrade  to  the  court  below.  It  may  be  imagined  that  he  was  asked  a  thousand  questions  when  he  came  down,  but  all  his  faculties  seemed  to  be  concentrated  in  the  one  fact  of  his  interview,  as  his  constant  reply  was  The  Em Empress  press Empress  ernbraced  man  then  took  t"
