text
"NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  SECOND  EDITION.  Northern  Daily  Times  Office,  Nine  O'clock,  a.m.  EASTERN  WAR.  CONSTANTINOPLE.  Advices  of  the  13th  announce  the  arrival  of  General  Baraguay  d'Hilliers.  It  was  asserted  that  the  Austrian  Envoy  and  Major  Wildenbruck  the  Prussian  negociator  had  been  recalled.  The  2nd  division  of  the  Turkish  fleet  had  entered  the  Black  Sea.  400  vessels  are  loading  corn  at  Odessa.  ALEXANDRIA,  19.  Ten  thousand  auxiliaries  were  yesterday  shipped  foriConstantinople.  The  Mahometans  of  Hindostan  are  in  a  state  of  great  excitement.  BUCHAREST,  21  General  Dannenberg  reports  that  the  Turks  have  left  not  only  Oltenitza  but  also  the  neighbouring  island,  and  that  they  have  retreated  to  Tourtoukai.  The  camp  of  20,000  men,  in  the  vicinity  of  the  lat latter  ter latter  island,  has  been  deserted  for  the  last  five  days.  No  important  events  have  taken  place.  Other  Constantinople  letters,  of  the  15th,  state  that  the  Austrian  envoy  will  resume  his  ministerial  appointment  at  Vienna.  VIENNA.  The  exchanges  had  risen  considerably.  VIENNA,  23.  It  is  said  that  the  rumours  of  an  armistice  have  been  confirmed.  •  BERLIN,  24th.  It  is  believed  that  an  armistice  will  be  concluded  PARIS,  SATURDAY.  News  has  been  received  of  the  repulse  of  the  Russian  attack  on  St.  Nicholas.  A  Russian  ship  of  war  ran  ashore  with  1600  men  on  board,  of  whom  1400  were  drowned  ;  the  remainder  were  saved  by  the  Turks.  According  to  the  latest  accounts  from  the  Principalities,  a  general  engagement  was  expected  on  the  22nd  or  23rd,  between  the  Turks  and  Russians,  between  Krajova  and  Kalafat.  On  the  17th,  the  British  and  French  fleets  were  still  in  the  Bosphorus.  There  is  a  repitition,  if  not  a  confirmation  of  the  news  that  Omar  Pasha  has  orders  to  continue  his  Operations,  and  his  movements  behind  the  Danube  has  been  approved.  This  movement,  not  antici anticipated  pated anticipated  by  the  Russians,  appears  to  have  baffled  Gortschakoff,  and  forced  him  to  adopt  a  new  Combination.  Reports  of  new  projects  of  arrangements  are  in  circulation.  The  English  and  French  consuls  in  the_  Principalities  have  been  ordered  by  their  am ambassadors  bassadors ambassadors  at  Constantinople  to  quit  the  Princi Principalities,  palities, Principalities,  and  were  preparing  to  depart.  _  At  the  P  ar  i  s  B  ourse  on  Satur  d  ay,  t  h  e  specu  l  a  t  ors  believ  that  the  English  and  French  governments  Will  force  the  belligerents  to  accept  terms.  MONDAY,  NOVEMBER  28,  1853."
