text
",ppointed  at  each  .e  point  as  will  take  everything  you  ;,  I  object  ;o  it  in  toto—l  will  not  give  up  my  apprentices.  Mr.  CLOVER:  Nor  do  I  think  any  other  man  will  either.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  We  will  take  it  for  granted  that  you  6N  - STYLE=superscript  ill  not.  :  I  made  inquiry  of  the  apprentices  themselves  mght  of  it,  and  the  majority  said  that  even  if  nd  the  men  agreed.  on  the  point,  they  would  the  mas  Ur.  DAWSON  obs  ;rued  that  he  himself  had  served  an  nrinvonfionctin  of  rani.  VP.r  .ancl  that  he  certainly  was  not  competent  o  bu  il  a  a  ship  at  the  end  his  sum  year,  tnougn  he  was  after  being  five  years  a  master  Mr.  GRAYSON  asked  if  there  were  any  .  objections  on  the  part  of  Mr.  Neill  that  they  should  name  six  gentlemen  then  The  CHAIRMAN  replied  that  Mr.  Neill  could  not  object  to  the  masters'  committee,  as  they  would  not  object  to  that  of  the  men.  Mr.  CLAYTON  said  that  that  was  a  very  fair  proposition  Mr.  NEILL  :  The  sooner  it  is  done  the  better.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  It  will  be  done  some  day  before  Friday  Mr.  NEILL  then  withdrew  The  CHAIR3I  lid  —I  was  unavoidably  absent  at  your  sad  am  therefore  aware  of  what  then  occurred  the  papers.  I  see,  however,  that  you  have  settled  which  though  apparently  trivial,  is  still  very  important  in  its  results  in  affecting  our  resolution,  and  that  is  the  carting.  Now  whether  I  shall  proceed  in  what  I  have  to  say  in  reference  to  this  resolution,  or  defer  it,  is  at  this  moment  a  matter  of  consideration  with  me.  last  meetin  Mr.  S3IITH  :  Better  defer  it  till  the  primary  matter  is  sottled  with  the  men.  All  the  rest  are  very  minor  consider considerand  and considerand  they  had  better  be  left  over  until  the  first  matter  ations  is  settled  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Yon  can  scarcely  be  aware  of  what  I  .out  to  say.  I  was  about  to  say  that  I  feel  this  asso association  ciation association  is  in  a  peculiar  position,  but  not  a  difficult  one—.  peeuliar  from  circumstances  which  seem  to  control  us,  and  these  circumstances  emanate  from  parties  from  whom  we  had  the  least  reason  to  expect  them.  We  have  found  that  the  course  which  certain  shipowners  have  pursued  not  only  in  paying  additional  wages,  but  in  causing  carts  to  be  hired,  militate  very  much  against  our  resolutions—so  much  so  as  to  almost  nullify  them.  And  these  resolutions,  though  wholesome  and  beneficial  in  themselves,  and  I  think  chiefly  got  up  and  carried  here  for  the  benefit  of  the  shipowners,  and  I  might  almost  say  them  only—these  very'  resolutions  cannot  be  carried  out,  not  becal•  se  the  men  will  not  adhere  to  them,  but  because  of  the  ditlimlties  which  the  shipown shipowners  ers shipowners  themselves  throw  in  our  way.  (Hear,  hear.)  Now,  that  constitutes  what  I  implied  by  the  peculiar  position_  in  which  we  were  placed,  You  are  well  aware  that  for  upwards  of  eighteen  months  there  seems  to  have  been  such  a  deficiency—such  a  want  of  shipwrights  in  this  town,  that  the  demand  for  labour  has  caused  wages  to  rise  to  such  a  height,  that  it  would  be  a  difficult  task  for  me  to  endeavour  to  explain  them,  because  they  have  been  founded  in  different  forms,  and  obtained  tinder  different  pretences.  (Hear,  hear.)  But  it  is  known  that  they  have  risen  to  such  a  pitch,  that  it  will  astonish  the  world  to  learn  that  men  have  been  paid  12s.  and  13s.  a  day.  was  at  A  voice  :  Sixteen  shillings  last  week.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  This  association  has  struggled  for  a  long  time  not  to  reduce  the  wages,  but  to  endeavour  to  remove  numerous  complaints  which  the  shipowners  themselves  have  made  in  respect  of  these  wages,  and  the  detention  of  their  ships  by  the  seeming  want  of  men.  This  association  has  struggled  for  a  length  of  time,  and  a  great  deal  of  time  has  been  expended  here  by  you  on  their  behalf  ;  and,  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  all  this,  strangers  were  brought  here,  and  may  now  work  here  without  fear  of  being  molested.  But,  not notwithstanding  withstanding notwithstanding  the  report,  that  there  are  upwards  of  500  Strangers  in  this  port,  it  is  a  fact,  that  there  still  seems  to  be  a  deficiency  of  men.  To  direct  and  to  meet  the  eircum eircumhave  have eircumhave  ruled  for  a  hick  w  van  ad  ,rtmg  system  verynny  Yoli  are  comp.  Now  it  you  ou  three  times  a  week,  not  wasting  your"
