text
"COUNTY  COURT-YESTERDAY.  Yesterday  was  the  first  day  of  the  second  December  court.  A  considerable  number  of  commitment  cases  were  heard  and  ditpdsed  of,  none  of  which,  however,  possessed  any  feature  of  public  interest.  The  court  then  proceeded  to  take  up  the  applications  of  insolvents:  _  .  .  Isabella  Wallace,  of  4,  llougliton-street,  lodging•house lodging•housekeeper;  keeper; lodging•housekeeper;  applied  for  a  final  order.  Application  granted.  Denis  O'Sullivan,  late  of  Crown-street  s  baker  and  flour  dealer:  This  was  an  adjourned  audit  meeting.  The  insolvent  was  ordered  to  pay  £2  a  month  out  of  a  sum  of  £2O,  which  the  court  ordered  him  to  pay  for  the  good-will  of  a  shop  sold  by  him  since  his  insolvency.  William  Sanderson  Smith,  Rodney-street.  In  this  case  the  examination  was  adjourned  until  the  second  court  in  January.  Thomas  H.  Potter,  of  20,  Fox-street,  surgeon.  This  case  was  adjourned  to  the  next  court,  not  having  been  advertised.  Barbara  Fisher,  of  Seymour-street,  milliner  and  dress dressmaker.  maker. dressmaker.  Mr.  Grocott  appeared  for  the  insolvent,  who  passed  her  first  examination:  A  final  order  was  directed  to  be  issued  at  the  second  January  court.  John  Holbert  Joyce,  of  Oldham-street,  accountant,  com commission  mission commission  agent,  auctioneer,  and  appraiser,  was  opposed  by  John  Magau  for  £2  10s,  Andrew  Hunt  for  £8  25.,  and  Peter  111‘Nally  tor  £4  10s.  The  grounds  of  opposition  were,  that  the  insolvent  had  received  goods  from  the  parties  to  sell,  and  had  not  paid  over  the  nioney  lie  received  after  disposing  of  the  property.  His  HoNon  said  if  he  were  to  permit  such  an  insolvent  to  pass  through  the  court,  he  should  be  holding  out  a  very  bad  example,  and  one  which  would  be  destructive  of  all  fair  dornmercial  dealing.  Here  was  a  man  who  had  been  re receiving  ceiving receiving  the  property  of  these  people,  and  turning  it  into  money,  which  he  did  not  pay  over  to  them,  although  he  was  as  much  bound  to  do  so  as  any  commercial  traveller  to  his  dmployer.  He  looked  upon  such  conduct  as  a  gross  breach  of  trust,  and  a  fraud  upon  all  the  parties  concerned.  He  should,  therefore,  dismiss  the  insolvent's  application.  JOHN  JoNits,  4,  Islington,  baker  and  flour  dealer.  In  this  case  the  first  examination  was  adjourned  to  the  next  court.  The  court  then  adjourned.  There  are  421  cases  on  the  list  up  to  the  30th  of  this  Month.  On  Tuesday,  the  27th,  a  case  of  collision,  in  which  the  Arctic  steamer  is  concerned,  will  be  heard,  which  will  probably  occupy  the  entire  day.  Accordingly,  60  cases,  which  were  fixed  for  10  o'clock  that  day,  have  been  adjo  urne  d  tb  Tuesday,  the  10th  of  January,  at  10  o'clock;  and  40  cases  fixed  for  12  o'clock  on  the  27th,  to  Wednesday,  January  11,  at  12  o'clock.  On  the  30th,  a  case  is  to  be  heard  in  which  the  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Railway  company  is  concerned,  which  will  probably  occupy  a  con considerable  siderable considerable  time.  The  court  will  not  sit  on  next  Monday,  the  26th."
