text
"FRIDAY  On  FRIDAY  next,  the  Ist  February,  at  TA  elve  o'clock,  at  the  Brokers'  office.  Victoria-buildings,  Hackie's-hey,  238  Bales  JUTE,  just  landed  ex  Chapaltapec,  from  Calcutta.  Albert  Dock.—Apply  to  CORRIE  &amp;  CO.,  Brokers.  en  bah.  BONE  PHOSPHATES,  in  Crnst  or  Pulverised  BIRD  ISLAND  and  MEXICAN  GUANO,  for  Analysis,  &amp;c.  Apply  to  ARNOTT,  BROTHERS,  Liver-chambers,  Tlthebarn-street  TO  EXPORTERS  VINEGAR.  PICKLES,  SAUCES,  JAMS,  &amp;c.,  Prepared  expressly  for  Exportation.  Always  on  Sale,  by  EVERY  &amp;  CO.,  35,  South  John-street.  THE  ANNUAL  SußscßirrioN  TO  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  Is  TWO  GUINEAS  PER  ANNUM.  EVENING  EDITION  tsar  An  Evening  Edition  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  is  now  Published  every  Afternoon,  at  Three  o'clock,  containing  the  Markets,  together  with  all  the  .News  of  the  Day,  up  to  the  hour  of  going  to  Press.  i'd.*  IntOtrn  firm  TUESDAY,  JANUARY  29,  1856  ---4110...  r.-•  ON  Thursday  Parliament  will  meet  for  the  despatch  of  business.  The  QUEEN'S  Speech  will  be  the  engrossing  topic  of  the  day.  What  the  advisers  of  the  Crown  will  give  us,  by  way  of  a  programme  of  the  past  and  future,  is  impossible  to  predict.  With  peace  negotiations  on  the  tapis  her  MAJESTY  can  scarcely  harangue  her  Peers  and  Commons  in  a  warlike  strain.  Continental  chords  must  be  struck  lightly,  dulcet  notes  must  be  addressed  to  the  American  ear,  and  domestic  affairs,  though  doleful  in  the  extreme,  must  be  chaunted  to  the  airs,  There's  a  good  day  and  Cheer  boys,  In  such  a  composition  we  shall  have  a  tolerably  accurate  outline  of  the  mental  charac.  teristics  of  the  leading  members  of  the  administra.  tion—the  light  and  exquisite  finger  of  the  Premier  the  extraordinary  placid  reassurance  of  the  Foreign  Secretary,  and  the  excessive  ponderosity  of  Sir  CORNEWALL  LEWIS  heaving  like  an  earthquake.  We  should,  in  fact,  never  know  our  rulers  if  it  were  not  that  they  have  to  go  through  the  ordeal  of  preparing  the  Royal  Speech.  Men  speaking  for  themselves  may  in  these  o.ays  say  what  they  please  ;  but,  when  they  come  to  preparing  addresses  for  others,  words  are  treated  according  to  their  real  value  and  used  with  immense  discretion.  This,  we  nay  be  certain,  will  be  the  case  in  the  present  instance.  No  pledge  will  surely  be  given  that  peace  is  about  to  be  restored  ;  that  an  armistice  of  unprecedented  duration  will  be  granted  by  the  victors  to  a  treacherous  enemy,  or  that  terms  will  be  accepted  which  would  render  a  'renewal  of  the  war  as  necessary  and  as  as  it  was  held  to  be  before  the  Peace  Conferences  have  taken  place.  We  have  nothing  to  encourage  the  hope  of  the  world's  tranquillity  being  restored,  beyond  the  chance  of  Russia's  becoming  internally  convulsed,  and  leaving  her  Southern  territories  exposed  to  the  inroads  of  the  Allied  troop  t  With  reference  t  o  our  Transatlantic  affairs,s'  Her  MAJESTY  may  safely  repeat  th  e  stereotyped  phrases,  and  assure  both  House  s  o  f  P  arliament  that  our  relations  with  America  ar  e  o  f  t  h  e  most  friendly  character.  With  regard  to  oth  er  foreleg'  Powers,  little  can  be  said,  beyond  the  fact  th  a  t  th  ey  have  not  sided  with  the  Allies;  even  in  an  expression  of  opinion  ;  and  that  Russia  continues  to  receive  money  from  Holland,  and  large  supplies  through  the  Prussian  and  Austrian  territories.  The  treaties  concluded  with  Japan  and  Siam,  will,  as  a  matter  of  course,  be  alluded  to,  and  then  will  come  our  internal  affairs,  and  probably  a  stray  sentence  about  our  Colonies.  The  prosperous  state  of  our  commerce,  trade,  and  industry  will  be  dwelt  upon  in  glowing  terms  as  a  prelude  to  the  question  of  supplies.  Here  the  CHANCELLOR  of  the  EXCHEQUER  will  quake,  and  the  visages  of  the  Ministry  will  exhibit  all  the  colours  of  the  chameleon.  Mr.  LABOUCHERE  will  tremble  when  allusion  is  made  to  the  actual  con condition  dition condition  of  our  Colonial  Empire  ;  but  Ministers  will,  one  and  all,  survive  the  infliction,  and  return  to  the  duties  of  office,  wonderfully STYLE=superscript  relieved  by  having  disclosed  all  they  conceive  is  necessary  for  the  country  to  know.  Yet  there  never  was  a  moment  lin  our  history  when  greater  caution  and  circum circumspection  spection circumspection  were  required.  The  Crown  can,  in  no  way,  be  identified  with  assurances  which  may  emanate  from  the  most  contemptible  sources  of  intrigue,  nor  be  induced  to  convey  to  the  national  of  our  internal  condition  which  the  ear  views  common-sense  of  the  public  cannot  sustain  Her  MAJESTY  has  nothing  to  apprehend  from  dealing  with  palpable  facts.  In  telling  Parliament  that  while  taxation  has  been  doubled  no  increase  has  taken  place  in  the  circulating  medium  required  to  sustain  industry,  trade,  and  commerce—that  all  the  vital  elements  of  war  are  prostrated  by  usury—that  the  whole  burdens  of  the  State  must,  under  the  pre present  sent present  monetary  system,  be  thrown  upon  income  and  property,  as  labour,  ill-remunerated,  and  constantly  subject  to  be  thrown  out  of  employ employment,  ment, employment,  cannot  answer  the  calls  of  the  Exchequer,—that  local  taxation  without  repre representation,  sentation, representation,  and,  consequently,  replete  with  corrup corruption,  tion, corruption,  is  fast  swamping  the  productive  energies  of  the  country,  and  must,  ere  long,  render  the  more  just  and  equitable  burdens  of  the  national  Exchequer  intolerable,  and  our  recognised  prin principles  ciples principles  of  political  economy  a  pure  sham—that  in  prosecuting  the  war,  if  we  desire  to  bring  it  to  speedy  issue,  we  must  appeal  to  the  popular  voice  of  Europe,  and  not  rely  on  Crowned  heads  and  their  diplomatic  tricksters—and,  though  last,  by  far  the  most  conspicious  fact,  that  if  we  would  pre-  serve  the  present  unanimity  of  opinion,  and  temper  of  the  country,  something  should  be  forth forthwith  with forthwith  done  to  relieve  trade,  as  the  money  market  is  in  much  the  same  state,  as  it  was  in  the  famine  year  of  1847•  Though  these  statements  would  be  somewhat  novel,  coming  from  the  Crown,  neverthe nevertheless,  less, nevertheless,  they  would  be  most  gratifying  to  the  whole  community,  as  Parliament  would  then  know  how  to  deal  with  the  anomalies  and  emergencies  of  the  times  The  fund-holder,  the  merchant,  the  manufac manufacturer,  turer, manufacturer,  and  the  working  millions  would  then  know  that  relief  was  at  hand,  and  recreant  foreign  States  would  see,  in  the  undisguised  disposition  of  the  British  ministry  to  call  forth  our  inexhaustible  resources  for  the  prosecution  of  the  war,  sufficient  grounds  to  induce  them  to  make  their  election  between  a  continuance  of  bloodshed  and  the  restoration  of  the  world's  tranquillity  on  a  really  enduring  basis.  We  will  not  be  thought  premature  in  endeavouring  to  anticipate  the  tone  and  character  of  Her  MAJESTY'S  speech,  or  suggest suggesting  ing suggesting  what  the  public  must  think  would  best  become  the  Cabinet  under  existing  circumstances,  as  all  we  have  recommended  is  simply  a  resume  of  what  we  have  contended  for  on  many  occasions.  Our  cotemporaries  have  taken  time  by  the  forelock,  and  anatomised  the  Royal  Speech  many  days  since,  as  though  it  had  been  thrown  into  their  editorial  boxes  by  the  hand  of  some  magician.  The  London  Times  had  a  very  brilliant  leading  article  on  the  subject  some  days  before  the  peace  negotiations  were  talked  of,  and,  therefore,  their  lucubrations  must  go  for  nothing,  as  far  as  the  war  is  concerned  ;  and  as  they  cannot  detect  the  slightest  commercial  distress  or  embarrassment  in  the  country,  it  is  as  well  that  those  who  can  should  speak  out  boldly  that  the  administration  may  not  deceive  them  selves  or  those  who  rely  on  their  knowledge  of  facts  and  good  faith."
