text
"MANCHESTER  ROBBERY  FROM  AN  INN.—Yesterday,  at  the  City  Police  Court,  a  little  boy,  who  stated  that  he  lived  with  his  mother  in  Agnes-street,  Little  Ireland,  was  ordered  to  be  imprisoned  for  one  month  with  hard  labour,  for  stealing  a  spittoon,  a  little  after  10  o'clock  on  the  same  morning,  from  the  Dolphin  Inn,  Stretford  New  Road.  gllor  ROBBERY.—Yesterday,  at  the  City  Police  Court,  a  young  man  name  1  Drew,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  gait  of  boots  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Hassell,  boot  and  shoe  maker,  Deansgate.  The  boots  were  hanging  at  the  shop  door;  the  prisoner  cut  the  straps,  seized  the  boots,  and  ran  up  Queen-street.  The  prosecutor  followed  him,  and  on  getting  up  to  him  he  threatened  to  stab  him  with  a  knife.  He  threw  away  the  boots,  and  was  eventually  secured.  The  magis magistrates  trates magistrates  committed  him  to  take  his  trial  at  the  sessions.  ROBBERY  MOM  THE  BARRACKS.—At  the  Salford  Town.  Hall,  yesterday,  a  young  man  named  John  Wright,  17  years  of  age,  a  tailor,  was  placed  before  the  magistrates  on  a  charge  of  having  stolen  three  pairs  of  trowsers  from  the  infantry  barracks,  Regent-road,  Salford.  It  appeared  that  the  prose prosecutor,  cutor, prosecutor,  John  M'Bretinv,  is  a  tailor  in  the  7th  fusiliers,  now  lying  in  the  Regent  -road  b  arrac  k  s  ,  a  nd  that  he  is  in  the  habit  of  making,  not  cnly  the  military  uniform,  but  likewisd  plain  clothes  for  the  commissioned  officers.  For  the  purpose  of  aiding  him  in  making  a  quantity  of  the  lati  -  -  of  clothes  he  engaged  the  prisoner.  On  Tuc  about  9  o'  clock,  AVrightleft  the  barracks  where  li  any  did  not  return.  -  On  Wednesd  vorking,  pairs  of  prisoner  tro'wsers  were  missing  from  theroom  in  which  t  had  been  employed.  -  Information  was  immedk  the  police,  and  the  prisoner  was  apprehended  1)  belonging  to  the  Manchester  force,  in  Rochdal  yen  to  istable  One  pair  of  ihe  missing  trowsers  was  fOund  upon  hii  two  pails  he  had  pawned.  Committed  to  the  S  he  other  .A.'D:STIONFAT  'SERVANT.—Yesterday  MOTI  named  l  lizabeth  Lumley,  was  placed  before  and  Mr.  Kay,  at  the  Salford  Town-Hall,  o;  ,  female  Trafford  Large  of  having  robbed  her  master,  Mr.  William  Ta  pawnbroker,  of  jewellery.  Green  - STYLE=superscript  gate,  of  several  brooches  and  other  art  It  appeared  that  the  prosecutor  had  inconsiderately  taken  the  female  into  his  service  without  having  received  with  het  a  character  from  any  former  employ(  covery  may  by  him  be  deemed  a  ver3  he  is  concerned  for  Mr.  Taylor,  chief  constable,  has  ascer ascertained  tained ascertained  that  the  prisoner  is  in  the  habit  of  associating  with  members  of  the  swell-mob.  The  case  having  been  gone  acid  the  present  dis-  fortunate  One  so  far  a.  4  through,  the  prisoner  was  STuirrlNG  A  Housr.—At  the  Salford  Town  Hall,  day  morning,  before  Messrs.  Trafford  and  Ra)  who  has  frequently  been  convicted  by  the  n  charged  with  having  illegally  pawned  several  - STYLE=superscript  articles  wood,  Georze-street,  Sa]  property  of  Elizabeth  Ii  It  appeared  that  the  prisoi  went  to  1  cutri:i  3 STYLE=superscript  ,  and  that  shortly  afterwards  he  strippi  a  variety  of  articles,  which  he  then  pawned.  with  the  ed  the  h  Anion:  goods  taken  away  were  a  sheet,  three  pillow-slips,  shirt.—He  was  ordered  to  pay  Is.  9d.,  the  value  of  th  pawned,  and  a  fine  of  40s.  or  in  default,  to  be  comm  prison  for  two  months.  ROBLERY  OF  A  WATCIr,  &amp;c.—At  the  Salford  Town  Hall,  yesterday  morning,  a  man  named  James  Chadkirk,  was  brought  up  before  the  magistrates,  charged  with  steal stealing  ing stealing  a  watch,  a  handkerchief,  and  ten  shillings,  belonging  to  Thomas  Hodgkinson,  a  butcher,  belonging  to  Preston.  It  appeared  that  Hodgkinson  had  been  at  the  cattle  market  on  Wednesday,  and  that  having  missed  the  train  in  the  ,even ,evening,  ing, ,evening,  he  was  obliged  to  remain  in  town  all  night.  Between  eleven  and  twelve  o'clock,  he  fell  in  the  company  of  the  prisoner,  who  offered  to  find  him  lodgings  until  the  morn morning.  ing. morning.  To  the  proposition  the  prosecutor  listened,  and  accord accordingly  ingly accordingly  he  was  taken  to  a  cellar  in  St.  Stephen's-place,  St.  Step  Len's-street.  On  entering  the  cellar,  he  found  that  it  contained  two  beds,  in  one  of  which  were  two  women,  and  in  the  other  a  man  and  a  woman.  He  sat  down  in  a  chair,  aad  fell  asleep.  On  awakening  he  was  put  out  of  the  house.  He  then  discovered  that  he  had,  been  robbed  of  his  watch,  a  handkerchief,  and  ten  s  hilli  n  g  s  in  silver.  Information  was  immediately  given  to  the  policeman  on  the  beat,  who  went  back  with  Hodgkinson  to  the  cellar,  where  they  found  the  watch,  but  the  money  and  handkerchief  were  not  forthcom forthcoming.  ing. forthcoming.  Orders  were  given  for  further  inquiries  to  be  made  respecting  the  prisoner  ;  but  in  the  meantime  lie  stands  committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the  sessions.  PICKING  A  LADY'S  POCKET.—Yesterday  morning,  at  the  City  Police  Court,  a  boy  named  John  Greeson,  very  young  in  p  ars,  but  very  old  in  crime,  was  placed  in  the  dock,  chat  ged  with  having  the  same  morning  picked  the  pocket  of  a  lady,  while  she  was  proceeding  along  Deansgate.  The  lady,  it  appeared,  was  going  along  Deansgate,  when  she  was  accosted  by  a  female,  who  enquired  whether  she  had  lost  anything.  The  lady  put  her  hand  into  her  pocket,'  and  dis discovered  covered discovered  that  her  purse,  which  contained  19s,  was  gone.  The  female  said  she  saw  a  boy  put  his  hand  into  her  pocket,  and  take  something  out  of  it.  The  boy  ran  off;  but  was  pursued,  and  speedily  apprehended.  A  policeman  told  the  magistrate  that  the  prisoner,  who  lived  by  pocket  picking,  had  frequently  been  in  the  dock.  The  magistrates  adjudged  him  to  three  months  imprisonment,  with  hard  labour,  on  hearing  which,  the  impudent  young  rogue  said,  Thank  you,  MALICIOUS  ASSAULT.—A  boy,  of  the  name  of  Crompton,  yesterday,  at  the  New  Bailey,  preferred  a  charge  of  assault  against  another  boy,  named  William  Davis,  who  was  de.  fended  by  Mr.  Bennett,  solicitor.  The  assault,  it  appeared,  took  place  on  Tuesday  night,  at  eight  o'clock,  at  Newton  Heath.  There  had  been  in  existence  some  bad  feeling►  .be .between  tween .between  the  boys,  owing  to  the  complainant  having  upon_  a  previous  occasion,  given  evidence  in  a  c  prisoner.  On  behalf  of  the  defendant,  an  called,  and  she  stated  that  the  defendant  N  from  about  six  to  nine  o'clock,  on  Tuesday  c  - STYLE=superscript  her  to  turn  a  mangle.  Mr.  Trafford  said,  th  did  not  believe  the  witness  on  the  part  of  the  def  there  convicted  him  in  a  penalty  of  20s,  and  c  default  of  payment,  to  be  imprisoned  for  one  moat  hard  labour.  There  was  no  doubt  that  the  assault  w  mitted,  in  consequence  of  the  complainant  having  been  a  witness  against  the  prisoner  in  another  case—and  that  was  an  offence  wh'eh  was  punished  severely.  ant,  and  ;,  or,  in  1,  with  -as  coin coin  THE  CASE  OF  MISS  CUNNINGHAME.  A  deputation  from  the  Protestant  Alliance  had  an  in-,  tervidw  on  Wednesday,  with  Lord  Clarendon,  at  the  Foreign  Office,  in  reference  to  the  case  of  M  niagliame,  a  'Scotch  lad  who  was  recently  Lucca,  and  is  now  con  upon  a  charge  of  distributin  t  ,  Progress.  d  in  the  prisen  - STYLE=superscript  of  that  city,  the  Bible  and  the  Pilarim'ft  The  deputation  consisted  of  the  Earl  of  Sh  Colonel  Alexander,  Mr.  Wilbraham  Taylor,  the  Rev.  Beecham,  Mr.  J.  Cook  Evans,  the  Rev.  IV.  11.  Rule.  M  T.  Hamilton,  and  Captain  Gilborne,  and  was  received  most  courteous  manner  by  the  Forei  The  Earl  of  SHAFTE;BURY  briefly  explained  that  object  of_theAeputation  was  to  lay  before  his  lordship  cast  of  Miss  M:Cunninghame,  ana  to  solicit  the  into;  tion  of  her  Majesty's  government  to  procure  that  lady's  liberation  from  prison.  His  lordship,  after  some  remarks  upon  the  case  itself,  proceeded  to  express  himself  in  the  strongest  manner  upon  the  barbarous  nature  of  the  law  under  which  Miss  Cunningham  was  arrested,  and  indulged  a  hope  that  the  most  earnest  efforts  of  the  government  would  be  used  to  rescue  a  British  subject  from  the  indignity  thus  offered  t)  her.  The  Earl  of  CLARENDON  said  he  entirely  concurred  in  the  opinion  expressed  by  Lord  Shaftesbury  as  to  the  charac character  ter character  of  the  law  in  question,  which  was  not  only  contrary  to  the  principles  of  the  Gospel,  but  to  the  spirit  of  the  age.  His  lordship  said  he  was  quite  familiar  with  the  facts  of  the  case,  having  received  a  despatch  from  Mr.  Scarlett  on  the  subject,  and  that  he  had  lost  no  time  in  forwarding  his  directions  to  that  gentleman,  which  he  did  the  same  evening  by  post.  Mr.  Scarlett  had  acted  with  the  greatest  zeal  in  the  matter,  and  in  a  manner  to  secure  his  (Lord  Clarendon's)  entire  approbation.  All  the  members  'of  the  Cabinet  with  whom  he  (Lord  Clarendon)  had  had  an  opportunity  of  com communicating,  municating, communicating,  entirely  agreed  with  him  in  the  view  he  took  of  the  case,  and  he  felt  that  it  was  one  in  which  no  exertion  should  be  spared  on  his  part  to  secure  Miss  Cunningliame's  release.  His  lordship  concluded  by  thanking  the  deputa deputation  tion deputation  for  urging  this  subject  upon  his  attention,  adding,  that  their  so  doing,  afforded  a  strong  indication  of  the  interest  felt  in  the  case  by  all  classes.  The  deputation,  after  thanking  his  lordship  for  his  courtesy  and  the  prompt  manner  in  which  he  had  taken  up  the  case,  withdrew.  MARRIAGE  IN  HIGH  LIFE,  On  Tuesday,  the  marriage  of  Captain  the  Hon.  Claude  Bowes  Lyoss,  of  the  2d  Life  Guards,  only  brother  of  the  Earl  of  Strathmore,  with  Frances  Dora,  third  daughter  of  Oswald  Smith,  Esq.,  of  Blendon  Hall,  was  solemnised  at  the  pretty  village  of  Bexley,  in  the  county  of  Kent.  The  ceremony  was  performed  by  the  Rev.  Beilby  Porteus  Hodgson,  8.A.,  Vicar  of  Hillingdon,  uncle  of  the  bride,  in  the  presence  of  a  numerous  circle  of  the  friends  of  both  families,  among  whom  we  remarked  :—The  Earl  of  Strath Strathmore  more Strathmore  and  Lady  Frances  Lyon,  the  Earl  of  Cottenham,  Captain  the  Hon.  Charles  Hanbury,  M.F.,  Lady  Mary  Ross,  and  Miss  Ross,  Captain  Streatfield,  Mr.  Augustus  Lumley,  Mr.  Abel  Smith,  M.P.,  Mr.  Grinstead  and  Miss  Grinstead,  Captain  Robertson  and  Mrs.  Robertson,  Mr.  Dudley  Smith,  Mrs.  Gascoimne,  Major  Hodson,Cadogan  and  Mrs.  Hodgseu  Cadogan,  Mr.  Mkadeville  and  Miss  Mandeville,  Mr.  Hawk Hawkesley,  esley, Hawkesley,  Rev.  M.  trding,  Rev.  Mr.  Bilton,  Mrs.  Edward  Wigram,  After  theiiir  'is  rite  had  been  completed,  the  company  left  the  chult?'  roceeded  to  the  residence  of  Mr.  Oswald  Smith,  whei  )artook  of  a  very  elegant  dejeuner,  pro  vided  for  t  on.  At  the  breakfast,  the  health  and  happiness  o  1  Ty-wedded  pair  were  drunk  with  much  enthusiasmt  zests.  Early  in  noon  the  happy  couple.  took  their  d?.  pazturt  IRELAND  (FROU  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT%)  CORK  BANQUET  TO  the  Lora  s  of  the  Admi  1  Tuesday  evening\  at  th(  Royal  Victoria  Hotel.  The  'company  numbered  direr  two  hundred,,  among  whom  were  the  pnuci4l  military  and  naval  officers  at  present  in  Cork.  The  Mayor  '  J.  F.  Maguire,  Esq.,  M  :  P.,  presided.  The  usual  loy  a  l  an  d  patriotic  toasts  mded  to,  the  Sir  James  haiing  been  given  from  the  chai  Chairman  proposed  the  toast  of  Graham  and  the  Lords  Commissioners  of  the  Admiralty  .  Sir  James  Graham  responded,  and,  after  some  preparatory  and  complimentary  observations,  having  reference  to  the  pledge  asked,  that  nothing  of  a  political  character  should  be  introduced,  sa  H  er  Majesty's  navy  knows  no  politics.  (Hear,  hear).  They  have  but  one  duty,  which  is  the  defence  of  onr  common  country,  and,  united  with  her  Majesty's  army,  they  are_  prepared,  without  distinction  of  party—withoui  any  knowledge  of  political  differences,  at  all  times,  and  in  all  circumstances,  faithfully  to  do  their  duty  to  their  common  country.  (Hear.  hear).  It  would  appear  unseemly,  therefore,  to  have  exposed  either  of  these  gallant  professions,  who  accepted  your  invitation  with  cordiality  and  with  confidence,  to  any  expressions  of  political  difference.  (Hear,  hear).  It  has  been  my  duty,  during  a  long  political  life,  to  take  an  active  part  in  those  matters  which  are  na naturally  turally naturally  involved  in  political  differences,  and  I  did  fear  that  in  my  own  person,  after  all  that  has  occurred  during  the  lapse  of  that  long  period,  I  might  by  my  presence  excite  somewhat  of  angry  feeling  (no,  no).  That  was  my  fear,  whch  your  kindness  to-night,  however,  has  entirely  dissipated.  (hear,  and  cheers).  But  I  thought  it  prudent,  under  circumstances  to  which  I  have  referred,  to  ask  an  assurance  in  the  manner  I  have  mentioned.  My  friend,  the  honour honourable  able honourable  member  for  Youhal,  has  observed,  and  with  remarkable  truth  and  justice,  that,  whatever  may  lave  been  the  differ-  ences  which  existed  on  some  subjects,  many  cherished  pre prejudices  judices prejudices  have  been  dissipated  and  laid  aside,  (hear,  hear)  ;  but  there  is  one  prejudice  which  is  still  strong  and  common  to  all  ;  that  is  the  confidence  in  the  naval  profession,  over  which  the  worthy  Admiral  presides,  and  the  earnest  desire  that  its  flag  shall  brave  as  heretofore.  the  battle  and  the  untarnished  and  invincible.  (Hear,  hear.)  Nov,  gentlemen,  it  has  been  the  endeavour  of  successive  governments  to  use  all  the  modern  appliances  of  science,  and  the  improvements  which  that  science  has  effected,  to  increase  the  efficiency  of  that  gallant  profession,  and  I  and  my  colleagues  thought  that  it  would  be  agreeable  to  the  Irish  people,  (hear,  hear,)  in  this,  one  of  the  most  splendid  ports  of  the  empire,  to  see  proud  to  say,  it  is  a  I  gentlemen,  fOreign  navie  totter  and  fall,  but  it  is  to  see  that  A  exam  inn  of  its  strength  aliva'  vs  for  the  defence  of  our  native  country,  - STYLE=superscript  (1  add,  if  peace  at  home  be  preserved,  and  among  a  hear,)  we  iced  c  I  beg  i-ou  not  to  mi  mately  with  the  nf  heers.)  But  Althouzh  col  rtain  that  I  leagues  when  I  most  earnest  and  most  'anxious  desii  peace  of  Europe,  and  to  take  care  religiously  observed  (hear,  hear,)  th  no  imeddling  foreign  countries,  the  honour  of  En  England,  and  the  commerce  of  En,  Scotland,  and  the  United  Kingdom  ;hall  be  maintained  in  Aries  wasi  , STYLE=superscript  st  seas  to  which  o  It  is  on  the  spi  e  ;  and  I  am  n,  ever  Ara  of  1  honour  and  cha,  gentleman  having  refs  to  various  local  -hieh  he  alluded  to  her  Mai  sty's  visit,  the  Exhibitfon,  id  William  Dargan,  he  There  ire  many  marks,  I  am  glad  to  see,  of  returning  prosperity.  It  was  feared  . STYLE=superscript  that  the  alterations  and  revolutions  lately  made  in  trade  would  bear  hardly  upon  the  people  of  Ireland.  (Hear,  hear.)  Well,  now,  they  have  entered  into  competi competition.  tion. competition.  The  great  staple  trade  of  this  city  was  the  provision  trade.  I  feared  that  foreign  competition  would  overpower  it  ;  but  let  us  come  to'  particulars.  The  navy  contractors  have  been,  by  the  alterations  lately  introduced,  brought  within  the  power  of  the  smaller  contractors  resident  in  this  city  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  market.  The  public  of  Ireland,  returning  to  the  provision  trade,  have  outstripped  all  foreign  traders  (hear.)  and  I  who  maim  the  marked  improvement  both  in  the"
