text
"SANDWICH  ISLANDS.  Extraordinary.excitement  existed  in  the  Sand Sandwich  wich Sandwich  Islands  at  the  date  of  our  last  advices  in  consequence  of  the  awful  ravages  of  the  small-  Pox,  and  the  utter  neglect  of  the  proper  authorities  to  take  any  steps  to  check  the  pernicious  scourge:  The  natives  are  being  swept  away  like  leaves  in,  autumn  ;  in  some  diStricts  over  one-third  of  the  Population  had  died,  and  in  the  city  Of  Honolulu  there,  were  six  hundred  and  sixty  _three  interments  between  the  26th  of  June  and  the  22nd  of  July.  So  great  was  the  indignation  of  the  citizens  against  the  Ministers  of  Finance  and  Public  instruction,  who  refused  to  provide  :  means  for  the'purpose  of  - STYLE=superscript  vaccinating  all  who  required  it,  that  large  meetings  had  been  held,  at  which  resolutions  were  adopted  requesting  their  dismissal  from  office.  A.  petition  for  the  same  object  had  received  some  thirteen  thousand  signatures,  and  been  presented  to  liama.hamaha,  but  what  action  his  Majesty  would  take,  in  the  .  matter  had  not  transpired.  The  wheat  crops  of  the  islands  had  been  harvested,  and  found  tip  realize.the  most  sanguine  expectations  of  the  husbandmen.  Many  mills  and  machine  works  '  were  being  constructed,  and  great  efforts  were  Making  among  all  classes  to  increase  both  the  Mechanical  an  agricultural  produetionS  of  the  islands.  .  .  The  following  is  a  translation  from  the  immediate  organ  of  Government,  Gaceta  tie  la  Habana,  issue  of  the  29th,  the  following  emanation  from  the  office  of  the  political  Secretary:—  THURSDAY,  29TH  SR  - STYLE=superscript  For  some  days,  sundry  rumours  have  been  circulated  in  this  city  of  a  project  of  conspiracy,  which  they  say  has  been  discovered  at  Cardenas  —rumours  which  adopted,  without  doubt,  by  correspondents  of  the  foreign  press,  were  destined  to  give  a  false  idea  of  the  situation  of  the  country,  and  to  flatter  and  excite  the  stupid  and  criminal  hopes  of  our  enemies.  We  are  able  to  give  assurance  that  such  rumours  are  entirely  false,  being  a  gross  imposition—the  supposition  that  the  loyal  troops  forming  the  garrison  at  Cardenas,  could  have  thought  even  of  sep separating  arating separating  themselves  from  the  fidelity  and  discipline  that  makes  so  -conspicuous  throughout  the  valiant  army  of  this  Island.  We  are  able  to  give  further  assurance  that  the  Government  has  incessant  watch  upon  those  persons  who  would  desire  to  divert  the  loyalty  of  our  soldiers,  and  un undoubtedly  doubtedly undoubtedly  the  chastisement  would  be  terrible  and  prompt,  if  any  person  should  appear  before  the  authority,  convicted  of  having  induced,  directly  or  indirectly,  the  crime  of  desertion;  for  all  know  that  with  clemency,  the  justice  of  the  illustrious  and  energetic  Governor,  is  associated  the  most  determined  severity  m  all  cases  affecting  the  public  CENTRAL  AMERICA  We  have  advices  from  Costa  Rica,  to  the  17th  September.  From  other  portions  of  Central  Ame America  rica America  the  intelligence  is  also  later.  We  find  that  hostilities  had  ceased  between  the  little  republic  of  Honduras  and  Guatemala,  and  that  treaties  of  peace  and  amity  were  being  or  had  been  negotiated  between  some  of  the  other  republics.  There  Lad  been  severe  shocks  of  earthquake,  felt  in  several  parts  of  Costa  Rica.  .  The  port  of  Iztapan,  in  Guatemala,  was  formally  closed  on  the  13th  of  July,  by  order  of  the  supreme  government,  and  its  busi business  ness business  transferred  to  San  Jose  de  Guatemala."
