text
"a  very  unfavourable  effect  on  the  Emperor's  mind.  The  confidence  which  existed  between  himself  and  his  oldest  counsellors,  and  even  with  his  own  family,  is  shaken  and  impa  ired STYLE=superscript  ;  his  conduct  is  wayward;  and  we  have  no  more  of  that  popular  enthusiasm  for  war  in  Russia  which  was  said  to  be  urging  the  government  to  the  most  violent  measures.  If  this  be  a  faithful  picture,  as  the  Times  believes  it  is,  of  the  state  of  opinion  at  the  court  of  St.  Peters Petersburg,  burg, Petersburg,  nothing  can  be  further  from  that  vigorous  union  and  manly  decision  which  can  alone  direct  with  success  great  enterprise  in  politics  and  war.  If  it  were  true  that  the  Emperor  of  Russia  had  taken  the  desperate  resolution  of  cutting  off  all  further  negotiation,  he  would  throw  down  the  glove  to  a  great  portion  of  Of  the  success  of  these  negotiations,  the  Times  has  ceased  to  entertain  any  confident  hope  ;  but  they  will  at  least  have  exhausted  every  means  of  preserving  peace.  They  have  consolidated  the  efforts  of  the  Great  Powers  interested  in  restoring  peace,  and  they  will  completely  throw  on  Russia  if  they  fail,  the  disgrace  and  penalty  of  ther  unjust  and  unnecessary  war.  WEST  INDIA  MAIL.  SOUTHAMPTON,  SUNDAY,  MIDNIGHT.—The  Orinoco  (steamer)  has  arrived  She  put  into  Falmouth  for  Coals  on  Saturday,  aad  landed  mails  there.  She  brings  specie,  value  2,040,000  dollars,  of  which  66,000  dollars  are  for  the  Mexican  dividend.  JAMAICA,  Nov.  11.—The  business  of  the  legisla legislature  ture legislature  progressed  better  than  was  expected.  Business  was  still  stagnant.  Produce  was  quiet.  Rum  higher.  In  sugar,  no  change.  The  health  of  the  island  was  better.  The  yellow  fever  had  disappeared.  St.  Lucia  letters  of  November  11th  report  the  inundation  of  the  island  by  rain.  The  supply  of  flour  was  exhausted  ;  there  was  no  bread  to  be  had  on  the  11th  November.  The  Avon  steamer  I  had  brought  from  Vera  Cruz  and  Tampico  1,500,000  dollars.  The  Orinoco  brings  the  following  dates  :  Vera  Cruz,  November  5  ;  Tampico,  November,  3  ;  Havanna,  November  10  ;  Demerara,  November  9  ;  St.  Thomas,  November  16.  PORTUGAL—The  Sultan  steamer  arrived  at  South•  ampton  on  Saturday  evening.  She  left  Gibraltar  on  the  23rd  of  November.  LISBON,  Nov.  29—The  king's  accession  to  the  re regency  gency regency  was  well  received,  and  the  country  was  likely  to  remain  tranquil.  The  reports  of  an  insurrection  are  untrue.  The  Lusitania  entered  the  Tagus  at  daylight  on  the  29th,  little  more  than  four  days  from  Liverpool.  PARlS.—Bourse—There  was  a  further  improve improvement  ment improvement  on  Saturday.  Threes  c  losed STYLE=superscript  741.  Four Fourand-halves,  and-halves, Fourand-halves,  100.45.  A  decree  extends  the  exemption  from  the  navigation  duties  on  cargoes  of  grain  and  meal  till  July  31st  next  year.  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLMER,  of  21  Oxford  Street,  at  his  General  Printing  and  Stationery  Establishment,  19,  South  John  Street,  Liverpool.  MONDAY,  DECEMBER  5,  1853."
