text
"3,230  COPIES  WEEKLY;  which  is  nearly  three  times  greater  than  that  of  the  next  newspaper  in  Cumberland,  and  considerably  larger  than  the  united  circulation  of  all  the  other  papers  in  the  county.  SCALE  OF  CHARGES  FOR  ADVERTISEMENTS.  Lines.  Charge.  Lines.  Charge.  Ito  3  .......  1  0  24  to  25  4  to  5  6to  7  ..........  2  0  28  to  29  .....  7  6  Bto  9  2  6  30  to  31  10  to  11  12  to  13  14  to  15  ..  ......  4  0  36  to  37  16  to  17  4  6  38  to  39  ....  .....  10  0  18  to  19  ..........  5  0  40  to  41  20  to  21  .....  5  6  42  to  43  22  to  23  And  so  on,  adding  sixpence  for  every  additional  two  lines.  Estimates  forwarded  on  application  for  Advertisements  requiring  frequent  repetition.  The  Carlisle  Journal  is  published  early  every  Friday  morn morning,  ing, morning,  by  Messrs.  J.  and  It.  STEEL,  3,  English-street,  to  whom  all  orders  and  advertisements  must  be  addressed.  IMPORTANT  TO  ADVERTISERS  IN  IRELAND  The  most  widely-circulated  3-day  journal  in  Ireland  is  THE.NORTHERN  WHlG,Published  in  Belfast  The  latest  Government  stamp  returns  show  that  The  Northern  maintains  a  high  pre-eminence  over  the  entire  provincial  press  of  Ireland,  and  that  only  one  metropolitan  3-day  journal  equals  it  in  circulation.  As  an  Advertising  medium  it  consequently  offers  advantages  which  few  Irish  journals  can  afford.  The  repeal  of  the  Advertisement  duty  has  caused  the  adoption  of  a  new  and  very  much  reduced  scale  of  charges— chargesviz  viz chargesviz  :  Under  10  lines  (or  75  words)  2s.  Od.  Every  additional  line..  Os.  4d.  With  a  large  reduction  for  second  and  subsequent  insertions.  Contracts  for  Advertising  by  the  year,  half-year,  and  quarter,  will  be  taken  on  the  lowest  terms  compatible  with  the  extensive  and  valuable  publicity  afforded  by  its  largo  and  influential  circulation.  To  London,  Livervol,  and  Manchester  advertisers  in  particular,  it  offers  especial  advantages,  by  bringing  their  announcements  under  the  notice  of  so  enterprising  and  large  a  section  of  the  com community.  munity. community.  The  Northern  contains  the  fullest  and  most  accurate  intelligence  on  all  subjects,  and  a  peculiar  system  of  market  prices  of  every  description  of  produce,  which  will  be  found  of  essential  importance  to  merchants  and  traders.  The  Northern  is  published  every  TUESDAY,  THURSDAY,  and  SATURDAY,  with  a  supplement  on  Saturday,  at  the  office,  6,  Calender-street,  Belfast.  Yearly  subscription,  £2  10s.  ;  half-yearly,  £1  ss.  ,  quarterly,  12s.  6d.,  payable  in  advance.  All  communications  to  be  addressed  to  the  Proprietors,  FRANCIS  D.  FINLAY  and  SON.—Belfast,  September,  1853.  MHE  NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE  AND  ADVERTISER  FOR  THE  PRINCIPALITY,  published  at  Bangor  every  Friday  evening  in  time  for  the  early  posts,  and  extensively  circulated  every  Saturday  morning  throughout  the  six  northern  counties,  in  Cardigan  shire,  and  in  England,  Ireland,  and  Scotland,  is  the  bes  medium  for  the  publication  of  Advertisements.  Offensive  medical  advertisements  are  excluded  from  its  columns.  The  charges  for  advertisements  are—Two  lines,  is  ;  three  lines  is  6d;  six  lines,  2s;  nine  lines,  2s  6d;  twelve  lines,  3s  '  •  fifteen  lines,  3s  6d  ;  eighteen  lines,  4s  ;  twenty-one  lines,  4s  6d;  and  6d  for  every  two  lines  additional.  The  NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE  has  recently  been  very  greatly  enlarged  and  improved.  Orders  and  advertisements  are  respectfully  solicited  by  AUGUSTUS  ROBERT  MARTIN,  Proprietor.  •  To  whom  all  bank  and  post-office  orders  should  be  mad  payable.  THE  GOVERNING  CLASSES.  A  SERIES  OF STYLE=superscript  PORTRAITS  TO  BE  CONTINUED  -  WEEKLY  IN  ryniE  LEADER,  a  complete  first-class  Weekly  I.  Newspaper  ;  Political  and  Literary  Review.  (Estab (Established  lished (Established  1850).  Published  every  Saturday  in  time  for  the  early  morning  mails,  price  Sixpence,  and  Sold  by  News Newsagents  agents Newsagents  in  all  parts  of  England,  or  may  be  had  direct  from  the  Publisher.  itr  Terms  of  Subscription-13s.  for  a  Half-year,  to  be  remitted  in  advance,  by  Money  Order,  payable  to  Mr.  Al Alfred  fred Alfred  E.  Galloway,  at  the  Office,  7,  Wellington-street,  Strand,  London."
