text
"fourth  year  or  thereabouts.  He  was  educated  for  the  medical  profession,  was  a  pupil  at  St.  Bartholomew's,  received  the  diploma  of  the  College  of  Surgeons  in  1846,  and  settled  at  Rugeley,  his  native  place.  He  married  in  1847,  Anne,  the  natural  daughter  of  Colonel'  Willi  am  Brookes  and  Mary  Thornton,  his  housekeeper.  Colonel  Brookes,  who,  after  quitt:ng  the  East  India  service,  took  up  his  residence  at  Stafford,  died  in  1834,  leaving  con considerable  siderable considerable  property,  and  more  than  one  natural  child.  To  Anne  Thornton  he  bequeathed,  by  a  will  dated  July  27,  1833,  nine  houses  at  Stafford,  besides  land,  and  the  interest  of  20,000  sicca  rupees,  for  herself  and  her  children,  and  appointed  Dr.  Edward  Knight,  a  highly  respectable  physician  of  Stafford,  and  a  Mr.  Dawson,  her  guardians  and  trustees.  To  Mary  Thornton,  the  mother  of  Anne,  the  colonel  bequeathed  certain  property,  which  was  to  pass  to  the  daughter  at  the  decease  of  the  mother.  Mary  Thornton  departed  this  life,  it  is  said  while  a  guest  at  Palmer's  house,  in  1848  or  1849.  Now,  although  the  will  of  Colonel  Brookes  would  seem  clear  enough  to  any  one  who  was  ignorant  of  law,  and  although,  in  the  present  state  of  the  law,  as  we  are  informed,  it  would  be  sufficient,  yet  it  was  discovered  by  the  legal  fraternity  some  years  since,  that  the  language  conveying  the  bequest  to  Anne  Thornton  was  not  suffi sufficiently  ciently sufficiently  forcible  to  convey  it  to  her  absolutely,  but  only  to  give  her  a  life  interest  in  it;  so  that  at  her  decease  it  was  liable  to  be  claim  3d  by  the  heir-at-law  to  Colonel  Brookes.  tinder  these  circumstances,  there  was  nothing  unnatural  or  unusual  in  the  idea  that  Palmer  should  insure  his  wife's  life,  in  order  to  protect  himself  from  the  inevitable  loss  which  must  ensue  in  case  of  her  decease.  And  since  her  property  consisted  of  seventeen  acres  of  land,  valued  at  between  three  and  four  hundred  pounds  an  acre,  besides  nine  houses,  and  the  interest  of  the  sicca  rupees—probably  altogether  worth  at  least  £4OO  per  annum,  upon  which  he  had  borrowed  largely  from  his  mother—there  could  be  no  doubt  of  his  having  such  an  interest  in  his  wife's  life  as  would  justify  insur insurance.  ance. insurance.  Mrs.  Palmer  died  on  September  29,  1854,  leaving  only  one  surviving  child,  a  - STYLE=superscript  boy  of  seven  years  ;  and,  as  if  to  justify  the  husband  its  eliecting  an  insurance,  an  action  was  brought  within  a  month,  by  Colonel  Brooke's  heir-at-law,  to  obtain  possession  of  Mrs.  Palmer's  pro property.  perty. property.  Palmer  brought  up  the  life  policies  on  the  16th  October,  1854,  and  employed  Mr.  Pratt,  the  solicitor,  to  obtain  the  money  from  the  offices.  Mr.  Pratt,  who  seems  to  have  acted  with  entire  bona  fide,  and  the  caution  usual  among  lawyers,  required  to  be  furnished  with  evidence  of  the  husband's  pecuniary  interest  in  his  wife's  life,  took  counsel's  opinion  on  every  step,  and  obtained  the  £B,OOO  from  the  offices  on  the  6th  February,  1355  ;  strangely  enough,  the  £5,000  from  the  Scottish  Equi Equitable  table Equitable  was  paid  through  a  banker,  nnknown  ti  Pratt,  The  same  publication,  alluding  to  poisoning  by  tartar  emetic,  says  :  The  Rugeley  case  seems  to  be  the  first  occasion  on  which  we  hear  of  tartar  emetic  as  a  slow  poison  ;  and  we  may  fully  expect  that  this  point,  as  well  as  the  varied  and  apparently  uncertain  action  of  this  substance  as  a  poison,  will  be  well  handled  by  the  gentlemen  of  the  long  robe  employed  in  the  defence.  The  public  mind  is  not  aware  of  tho  diversity  of  action  of  poisons  according  to  the  dose  and  circumstances  of  administration.  For,  first,  an  irritant  poison  may  destroy  life  by  its  action  on  the  glottis  while  being  swallowed.  2nd,  it  may  do  so  by  its  immediate  effect  on  the  stomach,  or/  i  on  the  intestines.  3rd,  it  may  pass  from  the  stomach  into  the  blood,  and  produce  great  diversity  of  effects  by  its  operation  on  the  organs  to  which  it  is  carried,  and  with  which  it  may  possibly  be  incorporated.  4th,  if  the  patient  live  on,  it  may  again  produce  a  frail  set  of  symptoms  by  its  passage  through  the  organs  by  which  nature  destines  it  to  be  eliminated  from  the  body.  Now,  in  the  cases  in  which  tartar  emetic  has  been  recorded  to  have  acted  as  a  poison,  the  symptoms  were  those  of  the  second  order;  vomiting  and  convulsions  being  the  leading  symptoms,  both  arising  probably  from  the  primary  irritation  of  the  stomach  :  as,  for  example,  in  the  cases  of  the  two  children  poisoned  each  by  10  grains,  as  reported  in  Taylor.  But  in  the  case  before  us  the  second,  third,  and  fourth  classes  of  symptoms  were  each  probably  present  in  equal  proportions.  There  were  irritation  of  the  stomach,  poisoning  of  the  blood,  and  exhausting  efforts  at  elimination.  Then,  again,  while  small  doses  in  some  persons,  in  some  states  of  health,  will  produce  dangerous  symptoms,  in  other  per persons,  sons, persons,  in  the  same  states  of  illness,  immense  doses  produce  scarcely  any  perceptible  effect  at  all.  Then  we  may  look  with  liberal  interest  for  the  kind  of  proof  which  will  be  offered  of  the  supposed  fact  that  Palmer,  and  not  any  one  else,  did  administer  antimony.  That  tartar  emetic  was  found  among  the  other  common  drugs  which  he  possessed  does  not  amount  to  much  I  THE  ASSASSINATION  IN  BEDFORD-ROW  Yesterday,  the  adjourned  inquest  on  the  body  of  the  unfortunate  Mr  Waugh  was  resumed  at  the  board-room  of  St.  Andrew's  Workhouse,  Gray's  •inn-lane,  before  Mr.  Wakley,  coroner,  and  a  highly  respectable  jury.  The  inquest  was  adjourned  on  the  former  lay  in  order  that  Westron,  the  murderer,  might  attend,  and  be  identified  by  the  various  witnesses  who  saw  the  prisoner  on  the  morning  of  the  horrible  and  melancholy  occurrence.  A  memorial  was  presented  to  the  Secretary  of  State,  who  issued  an  order  accordingly  to  the  Governor  of  the  House  of  Detention.  Yesterday  morning  the  prisoner  was  conveyed  in  a  cab,  in  custody  of  Inspector  Checkley  and  Sergeant  Haynes,  of  the  E  division,  to  the  board-room  ;  but  owing  to  his  temoval  being  earlier  than  was  expected,  but  few  persons  had  congre-  gated  to  catch  a  glimpse  of  him  The  prisoner,  whilst  before  the  coroner,  appeared  not  to  feel  the  awful  position  in  which  he  had  placed  himself  by  the  diabolical  act  he  had  committed.  _lie  stood  with  his  arms  fol  ,  and  leisurely  surveyed  the  proceedings  i❑  a  manner  almost  amounting  to  total  indifferent  Hum-  phreys  attended  to  prosecute  on  the  part  of  the  executors  of  the  deceased  gentleman,  and  Mr.  Lewis  for  the  prisoner.  The  various  witnesses,  whose  examination  has  already  been  given,  were  in  attendance  to  identify  the  prisoner,  but  before  he  was  brought  into  court  Mr.Wakley  requested  Mr.  Whitfield,  the  principal  witness,  to  retire.  The  prisoner  was  then  brought  into  the  room,  and  allowed  to  stand  amongst  the  crowd  ;  when  Mr.  Whitfield  was  called  in,  and  asked  to  pick  out  the  man  who  he  saw  shoot  the  deceased.  He  immediately  pointed  out  the  prisoner  as  the  man.  Inspector  Checkley  deposed,  in  addition  to  what  has  already  been  published,  that  ott  searching  the  prisoner's  lodgings  he  found,  amongst  other  things,  a  bAt  containing  powder,  percussion  caps,  from  twelve  to  fifteen  bullets,  and  a  bullet  mould.  The  bullets  fitted  the  pistol,  which  the  inspector  ascertained  the  prisoner  purchased  about  fifteen  months  ago,  for  a  guinea,  from  Mr.  Wilcox,  tobacconist,  Railway•arcb,  Minories.  The  Coroner  then  directed  the  Inspector  to  remove  the  prisoner  from  the  room,  and  have  him  conveyed  to  the  police  station  at  once.  The  prisoner  was  then  removed.  Mr.  Lewis  said  it  was  to  be  regretted  that  the  prisoner  laboured  under  a  delusion  with  reference  to  the  deceased  gentleman,  and  the  friends  of  the  prisoner  were  anxious  that  it  should  be  known  that  so  far  from  that  gentleman  having  behaved  ill  to  him,  he  had  treated  him  and  tharn  with  the  greatest  kindness,  and  had  always  acted  for  their  benefit.  On  another  occasion  he  (lir.  Lewis)  should  be  able  to  prove  that  the  prisoner  was  labouring  under'a  delusion;  but  it  was  useless  for  him  to  do  so  then,  as  that  court  could  not  act  on  such  evidence.  This  delusion  was,  if  he  might  so  term  it,.  an  hereditary  complaint  in  the  family.  The  prisoner's  father,  and  uncle  destroyed  themselves  whilst  labouring  under  mental  derangement,  and  his  aunt  died  in  a  lunatic  asylum.  His  conduct  in  his  lodgings  had  been  such  as  would  leave  no  doubt  but  that  the  prisoner  ought  not  to  have  been  permitted  to  be  at  large,  and  ho  had  h  a  d  t  o  leave  various  lodgings  from  his  conduct  being,  as  the  par parties:stated,  ties:stated, parties:stated,  that  of  a  madman.  On  one  occasion  he  opened  his  window,  and  set  the  things  in  the  room  on  fire,  and  when  remonstrated  with,  alleged  he  did  it  to  destroy  the  devil.  The  Coroner,  in  summing  up,  made  some  remarks  on  the  impropriety  of  allowing  persons  of  the  prisoner's  description  ,o  be  at  large.  He  looked  upon  it  as  an  act  of  cruelty  to  allow  such  persons  their  freedom.  The  jury  returned  a  verdict  of  Wilful  Murder  against  the"
