text
"ILO  morc  Thomas  Rveroft,  of  No.  9,  Edward  street,  in  the  Park,  said  :  On  Monday  morning  about  twenty  minutes  to  six,  I  was  passing  up  Prince  William-street,  when  I  heard  a  woman  making  a  great  noise.  It  appeared  as  if  sho  was  making'  a  noise  with  some  person.  I  went  on  and  did  not  heed  what  was  going  on-  About  a  quarter  past  six,  I  was  at  the  corner  of  Wolfe-street,  when  I  saw  a  little  boy,  and  he  said,  Master,  master,  come  I  went  and  saw  a  woman  lying  on  the  pavement.  I  thought  she  was  in  drink,  and  shook  her,  and  bid  her  to  get  up.  Another  young  man  came  up  and  said,  us  lift  her  up  and  place  her  on  the  We  were  doing  so,  and  in  Aiming  William  Hull,  stated  :  I  am  a  bar-man  at  the  Ruthin Ruthincastle  castle Ruthincastle  vaults,  kept  by  Mrs.  Hardman,  at  the  corner  of  Wolfe-street.  The  deceased  was  in  the  habit  of  coming  to  the  vaults.  I  know  the  prisoner,  as  he  was  also  in  the  habit  of  coming  there.  The  vaults  were  opened  between  four  and  half-past.  The  prisoner  came  in  and  had  two  glasses  of  ale,  and  then  went  out  ae  . STYLE=superscript  ain.  In  a  very  few  minutes  after,  he  returned  again.  He  was  alone  when  he  first  came,  and  remained  there  an  hour  or  an  hour  and  a.  half.  The  deceased  came  in  with  a  Miss  Hughes.  They  got  half-a-gallon  of  ale,  which  they  took  away  with  them.  This  was  before  the  prisoner  had  been  in  for  his  two  glasses  of  ale,  but  while  he  was  there,  the  deceased  and  Hughes  came  in  with  another  man,  named  John  Thomas,  to  return  the  jug  they  had  taken  with  them  before.  The  prisoner  was  then  drinking  his  last  glass  of  ale.  The  Coroner  What  was  the-commencement  of  the  quarrel  between  the  deceased  and  the  prisoner  ?  Witness  :  They  had  some  angry  words  about  a  coat,  but  did  not  appear  more  excited  than  usual.  Tho  prisoner  wanted  the  deceased  to  go  to  the  house  about  a  coat  he  had  challenged  her  with  having.  H.  went  to  the  door.  and  she  followed  him.  About  ten  minutes  after  they  had  left  the  house  together,  -the  prisoner  returned  alone.  When  he  returned,  he  made  some  remark  to  John  Thomas,  which  I  did  not  hear,  as  he  was  at  the  end  of  the  bar.  The  first  word  he  heard  the  prisoner  say.  was— 'wasl'  have  cut  her  head  half  I  replied,  I  can't  belieie  He  said,  is  not  true,  I  wish  my  two  it  a  fact  ieve  it.  Thom  as  I  said,  could  1  eyes  may  drop  I  asked  Thomas  •if  h  said  he  could,  not.  I  th  , STYLE=superscript  n  went  out  of  the  door  and  heard  the  •  policemen's  sticks  knocking.  He  had  made  some  observa'ion  to  Thomos  about  having  done,  or  killed,  his  wife.  The  prisoner  left  the  house,  and  I  have  not  seen  him  since.  -The  prisoner:  Was  not  I  in  your  house  at  ten  minutes  pant  four  ?  Witness  :  I  can't  say  the  time.  r  :  Did  you  not  draw  some  ale  ?  t  tell  who  had  ale.  Witness  :  Prisoner:  Don't  you  know  the  company  that  come  to  Witness  :  No  I  don't.  How  should  L  .Ann  Hughes  said  she  lived  at  No.  4  Court,  Prince  Wil William-street.  liam-street. William-street.  She  was  a  friend  of  the  deceased,  and  knew  the  prisoner.  The  two  latter  had  for  some  months  past  cohabited  together.  The  deceased  was  intimate  with  a  man  named  John  Thomas.  She  was  not  aware  that  there  was  any  jealousy  existing  in  consequence  of  that  intimacy.  Between  two  and  three  in  the  morning,  the  deceased  and  Jack  Thomas  came  to  my  house.  The  deceased  said,  I  wish  it  was  opening  time  that  we  might  have  a  quart  of  ale  as  Jack  has  a  After  sitting  some  time  she  said  the  house  (public-house)  was  open,  and  she  asked  Jack  for  the  shilling,  and  he  gave  it  to  her,  and  they  went  and  got  half  a  gallon  of  ale  at  the  Castle.  That  ale  was  drank,  and  we  all  went  together  to  return  the  jug.  The  prisoner  was  there  then,  and  some  very  angry  words  passed  between  them  about  a  jacket.  She  asked  the  prisoner  if  he  was  going  to  turn  up  the  jacket.  He  said  it  was  sold.  She  replied  that  she  would  have  fun  for  it  ;  and  then  she  left  the  vaults,  followed  by  the  prisoner.  It  was  between  five  and  six  o'clock  when  they  went  out  together.  The  prisoner  returned  alone  in  about  half  an  hour,  when  he  said  to  John  I  have  killed  your  When  he  said  that,  I  have  no  doubt  but  that  he  meant  the  deceased;  and,  turning  round  to  Jack  he  said.  and  I  would  not  care  to  do  the  same  to  Jack  said,  spoil  a  good  I  then  left  the  house,  and  found  that  the  deceased  was  dead,  but  I  did  not  think  it  was  so  at  the  time.  By  a  Juror  :  The  barman  was  present.  By  the  Coroner  :  I  was  sober  at  the  time  I  heard  the  prisoner  make  that  observation,  Police  constable  Swindle,  282.  stated  that  he  was  on  duty  on  Monday  morning  in  Bedford-street,  in  the  Park,  when  he  was  told  by  a  'man,  apparently  going  to  his  work.  that  there  was  a  woman  lying  dead  in  Wolfe Wolfestreet.  street. Wolfestreet.  He  immediately  went  there,  when  he  found  the  de'ceased  lying  there  with  her  throat  cut.  He  had  the  body  removed  to  the  Southern  Hospital.  Police  constable  Pharoah,  39%  stated  that  he  was  on  duty  at  about  twenty  minutes  to  seven  o'clock,  when  he  heard  what  had  happened,  and  went  to  the  deceased.  From  information  he  had  received,  he  went  in  search  of  the  prisoner,  and  found  him  in  Prince  William-street.  He  came  out  of  a  cellar  as  he  (witness),  was  inquiring  for  him,  and  said,  Here  I  am;  lam  the  man  that  did  the  I  took  him  into  custody,  and  I  asked  him  where  the  knife  was,  and  he  replied,  Feel  if  I  have  it  in  my  I  did  not  observe  that  there  was  any  blood  upon  his  clothes,  bat  I  lifted  up  his  chin,  and  saw  a  wound,  and  I  said  to  him,  So  Toll  have  baen  nicking  your  own  While  in  the  bridewell,  he  said  he  would  not  be  done  by  them;  he  would  suffer  his  neck  to  be  off  first.  James  M'Culloch,  one  of  the  Liverpool  detective  force,  stated  that  from  information  he  received,  he  made  a  search  in  the  privy  connected  with  the  house  where  the  prisoner  lived,  and  there  found  a  knife  with  marks  of  blood  upon  it.  Detective  officer  Povey  was  next  called.  He  said,  I  know  the  prisoner.  (The  knife  was  here  produced.)  I  know  that  knife;  it  belongs  to  the  prisoner.  T  saner  on  within  the  last  three  on  of  havi  searched  the  r,  lusp  p  committed  robberies.  The  knife  pro produce]  duce] produce]  was  then  in  his  possession.  There  are  marks  upon  the  knife  by  which  I  can  identify  it.  On  Tuesday  night  last,  I  and  other  officers  were  watching  the  prisoner's  house.  I  stood  by  the  door  to  listen,  and  I  heard  the  prisoner  and  the  deceased  having  some  words.  I  heard  him  repeatedly  say  that  he  would  have  her  life,  and  that  he  would  cut  her  b---y  throat.  He  wanted  to  get  at  her,  but  the  people  in  the  house  prevented  him.  The  Prisoner  :  It  is  false  what  he  says.  They  will  swear  to  anything.  Mr.  Charles  RO3ston,  surgeon  at  the  Southern  Hospital,  was  next  sworn  :  He  said  on  Monday  morning  the  de deceased  ceased deceased  was  brought  to  the  hospital.  She  was  quite  dead,  She  had  a  deep  gash  in  her  throat.  The  wound  was  6i  inches  in  let  Nth,  extending  from  about  an  inch  or  an  inch  and  a  half  from  the  middle  of  the  neck,  nearly  to  the  right  ear.  At  its  commencement  it  was  superficial,  but  increased  to  the  depth  of  13  to  two  inches.  The  arteries  were  divided.  The  wounds  caused  the  death,  and  much  force  must  have  been  applied,  as  the  wind-pipe  was  completely  divided.  A  person  could  not  have  inflicted  such  a  wound  herself.  Such  a  knife  as  that  produced  would  inflict  the  wound  I  have  described.  There  is  no  doubt  but  that  two  attempts  had  been  made,  as  th  re  were  two  distinct  cuts.  A  person  with  such  injuries  as  I  have  described,  would  be  able  to  walk  a  few  yards  without  assistance  before  The  Coroner  then  cautioned  the  prisoner  in  the  usual  legal  form,  when  The  Prisoner  said  :  What  I  have  to  say,  I  will  say  on  my  trial.  The  Coroner  then  summed  up  the  evidence,  observing  that  the  jury  had  heard  the  statements  of  the  witnesses  touching  the  death  of  Sarah  Drummond,  and  he  wished  the  task  devolving  on  him  had  been  more  difficult  than  the  evidence  permitted.  On  the  minds  of  the  jury  there  might  be  some  difficulty,  but  oa  his  mind  there  was  no  such  doubt,  but  in  order  that  they  might  not  ho  guided  by  his  opinion  alone,  he  would  explain  the  law  of  murder.  The  Coroner  then  proceeded  to  do  so,  and  also  to  recapitulate  the  evidence  given  by  the  different  witnesses.  The  Jury,  after  a  brief  consultation,  returned  a  verdict  of  Wilful  Murder  against  the  prisoner.  The  witnesses  were  then  bound  over  to  prosecute,  and  the  prisoner  was  committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the  next  assizes,  for  the  murder  of  Sarah  Drummond.  Before  the  prisoner  was  removed,  a  most  affectinp.  'scene  took  place  in  the  court,  The  prisoner,  who  had  throughout  the  investigation,  avoided  as  much  as  possible  looking  towards  his  mother  and  his  sister,  suddenly  rose  from  his  seat,  and  with  an  imploring  look,  beseeched  the  coroner  to  per permit  mit permit  him  to  shake  hands  with  his  mother,  who  was  then  about  to  sign  her  deposition.  He  did  so,  with  tears  streaming  down  his  cheeks,  and  hoped  that  God  would  bless  her.  The  mother  was  deeply  moved,  while  his  sister,  (his  own  sister),  entreated  him  in  the  most  implor imploring  ing imploring  accents,  to  allow  her  to  take  a  parting  adieu.  He  extended  his  hand  to  her,  and  immediately  after,  she  made  a  bound  across  the  court,  and  they  were  locked  in  each  others  arms.  After  they  had  separated,  the  prisoner  burst  into  a  flood  of  tears,  and  he  then  evidently  felt  the  dreadful  position  in  which  he  was  placed.  This  scene  moved  the  whole  court.  The  prisoner  was  then  removed  in  a  air  to  Kirkdale  gaol.  The  populace  in  the  street,  expecting  to  see  the  prisoner,  was  immense.  This  investigation  occupied  the  time  of  the  court  upwards  of  six  hours.  SUSPICIOUS  CASE  OF  DEATH  AT  BOOTLE  The  inhabitants  of  the  neighbourhood  of  Bank-hall  Cottages,  Bootle,  were,  on  Monday  night,  and  in  the  early  part  of  yesterday,  in  a  state  of  considerable  excite excitement,  ment, excitement,  in  consequence  of  the  prevalence  of  a  report  in  reference  to  the  death  of  a  woman  named  Mary  Burrough,  the  wife  of  a  shipwright,  who,  it  was  said,  had  met  her  death  by  foul  play.  There  were  a  variety  of  rumours  in  circulation,  but  as  nothing  certainly  authentic  is  at  present  known,  we  refrain  from  giving  publicity  to  any  of  them.  It  appears,  however,  that  the  husband  of  the  deceased,  whose  name  is  William  Burrough,  reported  to  Inspector  Grace,  between  eight  and  nine  o'clock  on  Monday  night,  that  his  wife  had  fallen  dead  in  an  apoplectic  fit  while  she  was  in  a  state  of  intoxication.  A  medical  gentleman  was  called  in,  who  said  the  woman  was  dead,  but  did  not  give  any  the  f STYLE=superscript  onnrthdeerooepasiendionand  h  the  er  po  l  i  l  n  u  t  s  .  ba  l  n  t  d  bad  maybebmeeenntiodnrneidktihn,git  together  in  a  p  u  bli  c  h  ouse  during  the  evening,  and  that  both  wer  e  d  run  k.  S•me  time  after,  the  report  g  o  t  abroad  that  the  worn=  had  been  killed.  A  large  crow  d  soon  collected,  and,  of  course,  as  in  such  cases,  many  versions  of  the  affair  ran  through  the  people.  A  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  who  resides  in  the  neighbourhood  having  heard  of  the  circumstance,  entered  the  house,  and  saw  the  woman  lying  dead  on  the  bed,  and  the  husband  at  the  other  side  of  the  body,  in  a  state  of  helpless  intoxication.  On  being  questioned,  he  could  give  no  information  with  regard  to  the  deceased.  An  investigation  will  take  place  this  day  before  the  Coroner,  and  we  trust  the  rumours  is  a  mak  prevalent  rof  v  will  iolen  b  c  e  e  onfouonnde  of  tn  to  bee  arms  of  thegroundless.  There  deceased.  Yesterday  morning,  detective  officer  Cozens,  brought  up  two  persons  named  John  Flood,  and  William  John Johnston,  ston, Johnston,  on  a  charge  of  being  concerned  in  the  robbery  of  several  hundred  pounds  worth  of  jeweller*,  belonging  to  a  French  gentleman,  named  Louis  Sancan.  From  the,  evidence  of  the  police,  and  also  of  Mr.  Sancan,  who  was  examined  through  an  interpreter,  it  appeared  that  he  arrived  here  from  New  York  on  Friday  evening,  by  the  ship  Driver.  He  had  seven  trunks  containing  his  pro property,  perty, property,  and  amongst  these,  one  containing  several  hun hundred  dred hundred  pounds  worth  of  'jewellery,  and  eighteen  silver  forks,  eighteen  silver  table  spoons,  sixty  gold  pieces  (f  twenty  dollars  each,  fourteen  gold  pieces,  doubloons,  of  the  value  of  £4  each,  the  coin  being  worth  about  £3OO,  independent  of  the  property.  The  trunks  were  put  into  the  tender,  that  waited  on  the  ship,  and  taken  to  the  Custom-house  depot  in  the  usual  way  to  be  examined.  After  this,  they  were  ordered  to  be  taken  to  the  Vic Victoria  toria Victoria  Hotel,  where  the  owner  went  to  stop.  On  the  way,'  in  some  mysterious  manner,  the  trunk  containing  the  valuable  property  was  'missed.  Every  search  was  trade  for  it.  but  to  no  purpose.  On  Monday,  a  police  officer  and  Mr.  Sancan  proceeded  to  Me.ncliester,  and  in  the  house  of  the  prisoner,  John  Flood,  situate  at  No.  7,  Henry-street,  in  that  city,  they  found  the  missing  trunk,  and  a  portion  of  the  property.  The  prisoner  was  there,  and  as  he  could  not  give  any  account  of  it,  of  course  he  was  taken  into  custody.  In  the  meantime,  the  prisoner  Johnston  was  stopped,  by  Mr.  Richard  Washington,  pawnbroker,  Old  Hall-street,  where  he  was  offering  cer certain  tain certain  broken  jewellery.  for  sale,  and  as  the  property  had  been  described,  Mr.  Washington  had  the  'man  arrested.  Cozens  said,  when  Johnston  was  questioned  about  bow  he  got  the  property,  he  said,  his  mother  found  it  in  the  sand  at  the  George's  Pier  Head,  at  low  water-mark.  In  reply  to  the  magistrate,  the  officer  said  thejewellery  was  broken  when  it  was  stolen,  as  it  belonged  to  the  proe proecutor's  cutor's proecutor's  lady  in  Mexico,  when  it  had  been  broken.  He  asked  for  a  remand,  as  he  should  be  able  to  produce  ad additional  ditional additional  evidence,  which  he  had  not  yet  time  to  collect.  The  prisoners  were  remanded  accordingly.  POLICE  COURT  (EF,FORE  ate.  G.  MAXWELL.)  PLUNDERING  A  SHlP.—Edward  Wood,  Patk.  Hamill,  Thomas  Hanratty,  and  William  Woods,  were  br  ou  ght  up  by  officer  92,  for  having  'stolen  two  hundred-weight  of  ropes  from  the  ship  Isabella,  Brunswick  Dock.  The  first-named  prisoner  was  the  ship  keeper,  and  the  others  were  employed  to  clean  out  the  vessel,  and,  while  se  engaged,  they  took  the  property.  The  prisoners  - STYLE=superscript  were  ramanded  to  produce  witnesses  in  their  favour.  CHARGE  AGAINST  A  SHOPMAN.--A  respectable-looking  young  man,  named  David  Roden,  was  brought  u  p  b‘r  detective  officer  Scott,  on  a  charge  of  hiving  embezzled  2s.  6d.,  the  money  of  his  employer,  Mr.  Rawle,  chemist,  of  Lord  -street..  Mr.  Bluck  was  for  the  prisoner.  Mr.  Rawle  said  the  prisoner  was  in  his  employment  in  the  shop  for  about  four  months;  and  during'  that  time  be  suspected  all  was  not  right  ;  but  his  suspicions  did  not  fall  on  the  prisoner,  but  on  other  persons,  whom  he  discharged.  On  Saturday  he  met  a  gentleman  named  Dale  at  the  shop  door  ;  and,  front  a  conversation  he  had  with  him,  he  found  h  e  h  ad  purchase  d  half-a  -crown's  w  or  th  of  brushes  and  two  bottles  of  tooth  tincture,  and  on  looking  to  the  entry  in  the  book  he  found  only  one  bottle,  'so  that  there  was  is.  short,  Ile  spoke  to  the  prisoner,  Avho  said,  Oh,  yes,  I  sold  him  and  he  then  made  an  alteration  is  the  figure.  The  witness  said,  he  could  not  retain  him  in  his  employment,  and  also  that  he  would  expect  him  to  return  the  Is.  110  found  afterwards  at  night,  that  the  money  did  not  car'  respond  with  the  entries,  and  from  subsequent  matters  that  transpired,  he  gave  the  prisoner  into  custody.  reply  to  Mr.  Block,  Mr.  Rawle  said  he  owed  the  prisoner  £3  15s.  Would  you  have  been  satisfied  if  the  prisoner  had  put  back  the  shilling?  I  doubt  very  much  if  it  would  have  satisfied  me.  The  magistrate  said  lie  must  have  the  gentleman  (Mr.  Dale)  who  paid  the  prisoner  the  half-crown,  before  he  could  proceed  further  in  the  case.  The  prisoner  was  then  remanded  to  this  day.  •YESTERDAY  YESTERDAY'S  MARKETS,  LIVERPOOL  CORN.  —There  was  a  good  attendance  of  millers  and  dealers  at  to-day's  market,  and,  with  less  depression,  and  more  disposition  to  secure  purcha.es  at  the  present  reduced  rates,  a  good  consumptive  business  took  place  in  wheit,  at  an  average  decline  upon  the.weelc  of  6,1  per  bushel.  There  was  less  pressure  to  sell  fl  I  Western  realised  40s,  and  Ohio  423  6(1,  in  qua  , STYLE=superscript  v  10  7 STYLE=superscript  ;  Spanish  obtained  645;  the  reduction  since  this  day  weeX  being  is  6d  per  barr  e  l  an  d  2  3  per  sack.  Oats  in  litivil-r1  request,  at  Id  to  2d  decline  since  Tuesday  last.  OatnVa;  almost  unsaleable  ;  31s  6(1  was  accepted  for  common,  and  34s  for  extra  qualities.  Beans  Is  to  is  6d  per  qr  on  the  week  ;  Egyptian  sold  in  small  lots  at  39s  to  39s  6d.  13arll  2d  to  31  per  60  lbs  lower,  with  a  slow  sale.  39a,  to-S  9 STYLE=superscript  '  was  paid  for  mixed  Indian  corn,  in  quantity;  the  decline  since  this  day  week  being  2s  tid  per  480  lbs..'  The  market  for  this  article  closed  with  a  much  firmer  feeling.  stiffs  j  O  r  N  ,  p  D  a  O  rt  N  or  P  t  ß  he  O  ß  D  a  U  rb  C  a  E  d  he  tlo  Ras  bought  in•  .  o— oesS  esS oesS  a  u STYLE=superscript  n  g STYLE=superscript  ta  l  r  a  :  l  1  T STYLE=superscript  t  11  ,fil STYLE=superscript  L  a STYLE=superscript  i  u  rk STYLE=superscript  r  i  e STYLE=superscript  t  t STYLE=superscript  i  u  i STYLE=superscript  s  s STYLE=superscript  having  been  been  sold  at  full  rates  ;  th  e  M  a  d  ras  offered  Na  Coffee  ;  BSO  bags  native  Ceylon,  the  sound  portion  was  bought  in  at  53s  ;  damaged  sold  in  full  proportions.  Tea:  The  demand  has  subsided;  common  Condon  90,  q  uite  nominal.  Rice:  Dul!.  Saltpetre:  No  charge.  Popper:  536  bags  Malabar  sold  at  58d,  being  rather  dearer.  LEEDS  CORN.—Wheat  ;  A  fair  amount  of  busines  9 STYLE=superscript  done  at  5s  decline.  Barley  is  lower.  Beans  2s  cheaper'  Oats  Is  lower.  DURLIN  CORN.—  A  small  market;  things  extremely  depressed,  and  prices  still  lower.  Wheat  fully  2s  6d  lower•  Oats  and  barley  is  lower.  Very  little  business  done,  find  none  at  all  in  Indian  corn.  CORK  BllTTEß.—Firsts,  nil,  114  s  ;  Seconds,  80,  11  ls;  Thirds,  230,  98s;  Fourths,  345,  90s;  Fifths,  45,  8  25 STYLE=superscript  ;  Sixths,  4,70  s.  CORK  PROVISION.—Red  wheat,  355;  barley,  18s  6d  ;  oats,  12i  9(1  ;  park,  395.  SPORTING  INTELLIGENCE.  OUNDLE  ESTERDAY.  HANDICAP  STEEPLE  CHASE.  ...  1  I  Ploughboy  .  2  Odiham  Eleven  ran.  SELLING  STEEPLE  CHASE.  1  I  Good  Lad....  Eight  ran.  FARMERS'  STEEPLE  CHASE.  1  I  Cranbrook...  Four  ran.  rFOXHUNTERS'  STAKES.  York,  You're  Wanted  1  I  Express  Four  ran.  Torn  Gurney  Lincoln.  Little  Yeoman  SHIPPING  INTELLIGENCE.  LIVERPOOL,  JANumtv  23.  WIND  YESTERDAY—East.  HIGH  WATER—HEMoA7II.2A2N—Morn.,—BHOIIINte  ft.  I  i  5  Sappho,  Paraiba.  •  ARRIVED.  Jan.  22.—Gleaner,  Aveiro—Tamega,  Lisbon—Boulta,  Bilboa  — STYLE=superscript  Lavenia,  Casablanca.  SAILED.  Jan.  2l.—Dina  Immechena.  Schiedan.  Jan.  22.—ManIratifirt  Now  York—Alciope.  Africa—Kahmazo  .  Savanna—M.  J.  Ward  , STYLE=superscript  Northern  Ch  ef.  and  Sir  Charles.  New  Orleans  —Amazon.  Dunkir  k.  —Lyra.  and  Wateree,  Charl STYLE=superscript  eston—Velocidade,  Buenos  Ayres--  - STYLE=superscript  Sarah  Park,  Philade'piiia—C,  R  , STYLE=superscript  th  Brend,  New  York—Monoul‘r  Galveston—Capitol.  Baltimore—Araxes  (s.s.),  Alexandria—Roscoe  , STYLE=superscript  Aden—Adelaide,  Gibraltar  —Amazon,  Constantinople  —Sardinian,  Melbourne—Rosanna,  Leghorn—S  tar,  Figuera—Madrelino,  ao'  Bloomer,  Havana—Mantura,  Havre.  OUTPORT  , STYLE=superscript  i.  Queenstown,  Jan.  V.—Arrived—Robert  Whiteway,  Valparaiso  . STYLE=superscript  Star,  Callao—Denzenzano,  Terceira—Sarah,  from  Leghorn  tO  DOlin,  windbound—Maria,  Halden.  Greenock.  Jan.  21.—Arrived—Vixen,  Marseilles.  Sailed  Salecia,  for  Buenos  Ayres.  Deal,  Jan.  2 STYLE=superscript  2.—Arrived—Incas,  Liverpool.  .  -  MARITIME  EXTRACTS.  Liverpool,  Jan.  22.—The  schooner  Alma,  of  St.  John,  N  ,  8  ,,  wag  passed,  Dec.  31,  in  lat.  3  N.,  lon.  37  W.,  waterlogged  and  aball^  doned,  by  the  Sappho,  arrived  here.  Drogheda.sJan.  22.—The  Independence  (supposed  Independence.  Marshall,  trona  Liverpool  to  New  Orleans),  was  wrecked  this  mort  34 STYLE=superscript  ing  near  Drogheda.  Crew  saved.  Belfast,  Jan  22.—The  iron  schooner  Airdee,  of  and  from  Gng:  gow  to  Oporto,  when  proceeding  out  of  this  Lough  last  sprung  a  I,  , STYLE=superscript  ak  and  sank.  Crew  s:  red.  Queenstown,  Jan.  22—Duke  of  Bronte,  from  Moulmein.  lost  mast,  mizentopmast,  boats,  bulwarks,  stanchioes,  wheel,  erc.,  hdeurcinheri  Christian  i  vy  .hu  sou  lo  t  t  h  t  .  e.  eas  fr  t  om  ra  I  vet  ,  pool  to  Newcastle,  whic  t  drove  0.,  shore  at  Colonsay,  t  as  bees  canted  over  on  her  starb  )ar  d  s  i  de,  and  found  much  ~more  dam  .  Cite  than  exttv  ted.  tier  1  eel  is  o.  t.  Constantinople,  Jan.  s.—The  Arabat,  from  Liverpool  which  waf  on  shore  near  Tenedos,  was  destroyed  by  Are,  Dec.  31,  with  a  portion  of  her  cargo  on  board.  Ben  Muica  Dheu,  from  London  at  Lisbon,  for  Bahia,  drove  of!  shore  during  a  gale  on  the  night  of  the  13th  of  January,  and  well  have  to  be  ightened  to  be  got  off.  No  serious  damage  had  taken  place  to  the  16th.  _  A  q  .antity  of  wreck.  with  some  barrels  IPParr  ntly  containiC%  tallow  or  lard.  were  passud.otf  Tuskar,  Ja  n.  20,  by  the  Minh°  (s.s.)  and  Seville,  Falmouthwith  loss  of  topmat‘t.l.—Arrw  ed— STYLE=superscript  Leonor,  from  Li  verpool  for  C  a  d'.  ,  SPOKRN,  Fucasia,  from  Liverpool  in  tat  .  ''''''  lon.  9  W.,  Jan.  15.-1;  0° STYLE=superscript  1.  net.  from  Mairas  to  Liverpool,  in  lat.  6  N..  lon.  23  W.,  Dec.  d  (Ship),  f.r  Liverp9ol,  in  ht.  25  N.,  lon.  35  W.  Dec  :  22 STYLE=superscript  '  James  Armstrong,  htnce  to  Calcutta,  in  lat.  3  s  6  Oct.  13.  FEIGOTS.  Forence  Graham,  hence  R STYLE=superscript  a  N STYLE=superscript  t  Rio  Be  P STYLE=superscript  nto  ß STYLE=superscript  .  William  Owen  sailtd  from  Rio  Bento  for  Fernando  Po  and  lA're  t. STYLE=superscript  pool,  Nov.  10.  _  Oneida  (s.s,),  Morton,  from  Ma'ta  at  Constantinople.  Taman  (s.s.),  from  Santander  at  Constantinople.  Governor,  B  e  ley,  from  Table  Bay  fo  r  Li  verpool,  Nov.  21.  Prompt,  Roe  ;  Helen  Lindsa  y  ,  B  arnes  ,  fro  m  M  oulme  i  n  at  Table  Bay,  bound  to  Liv  er  p  oo  l.  Rajah,  Robb;  and  Flora,  Withers,  all  IfroulPi  cutta;  and  Anne  Porter,  M'Cann,  from  Mauritius—all  at  st.  Helen  and  sailed  for  Liverpool.  Gibson  Craig,  Ellis,  from  Calcutta  at  St.  Helena,  for  London  Cluny,  hence  at  Belize.  Surpass,  Sherries,  hence  at  Constantinople,  DEATH.  On  the  20th  instant,  E  r  a  anus  M  ullen,  aged  25  years,  after  a  01  PO  and  severe  illness.  o  Births,  Marria  g  e  s  ,  and  Deaths,  are  only  insert  e  d  w  h  en  se  t STYLE=superscript  to STYLE=superscript  our  Office  duly  authenticated.  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLAIER,  of  21,  street,  at  his  General  Printing  and  Stationery  '  ficlath.John-street,  Liverpool.  Ay,  ....  w  on  joy  11,"
