text
"3  , STYLE=superscript  :t0  thi  fever  , STYLE=superscript  ctures  pf  Cardinal  - STYLE=superscript  :Wiseman  Thursday  CLIARGE  QF  MURDER.--Ligial  id  Mar  Jordan  hart  been  arrested  and  lodged  in  - STYLE=superscript  the  gaol  of  Casfiebar,  charged  with  being  concerned  in  the  murder  of  PatriCk  WHale,  of  Bailyhean,  in  the  county  of  MayO,  some  weeks  ago.  The  accused  were  arrested  amongst  the  mountains  of  Leitrim,  from  the  description  given  of  them  in  the  hue  and  Cry.  THE  NATIONAL  DEBT.—The  Lords  Commissioners  of  Her  Maje  Sty's  Treasury  have  certified  to  the  Commissioners  for  the  Reduction  of  the  National  Debt,.  that  there  was  no  surplus  of  actual  revenue  over  the  actual  expenditure  of  the  United  Kingdom  of  Great  Britain  and  Ireland,  for  the  year  ended  the  30th  September,  1855.  THE  HYDE  PARK  RIOTS.—The  ensuing  sessions  of  the  Old  Baily  will  be  one  of  considerable  interest  ;  the  trial  of  the  police  constables  against  whom  indictments  were  preferred  at  the  instance:of  the  government,  founded  upon  the  report  of  the  commissioners,  for  violently  assaulting  several  persons,  and  upon  :which  the'  grand  jury  at  the  last  sessions  returned  true  bills,  being  appointed  to  tak  e  place  during  the  ensuing  week,  before  one  of  the  judges.  THE  EMBASSY  TO  PERSIA.—A  correspondent  at  •  Con Constantinople  stantinople Constantinople  states  that  the  difference  between  our  minister  at  Teherawand  the  Persian  governmentlarises  out  of  the  hostility  of  the  Persian  government  to  a  man  named  Mirza  Ha,skin  who  was  employed  in  our  service,  and  who  took  refuge  in  our  embassy  to  avoid  assassination.  Our  minister  asked  the  Persian  government  to  give  a  guarantee  that  the  ;man's  life  would  be  safe  ;  but  the  Persian  government  refused  to  give  such  guarantee  in  writing.  The  British  minister  then  struck  his  flag.  It  is  thought  that  the  dispute,  which  is  trifling,  will  be  speedily  arranged.  The  recruiting  for  the  army.  in  Glasgow  and  the  out  stations  (exclusive  of  Edinburgh)  has  been  unprecedentedly  successful  in  the  year  1855,  just  closed.  During  the  year  the  following  number  of  men  have  been  medically  inspected  by  the  staff  surgeon  ;resident  in  tlilt  city,  viz  :—January,  675  ;  February,  654  ;  March,  979  ;  April,  653  ;  May,  698;  June,  445  ;  July,  554;  August,  307  ;  September,  261  ;  October,  363  ;  November,  569  ;  December,  514.  Total,  6,672.  These  include  the  recruits  from  the  Hon.  East  India  Company.  Of  this  large  number,  as  near  as  may  be,  5,000  were  passed,  and  sent  a  t  once  t  o  j  o  i  n  th  e  ranks  f  the  British  Army.  The  above  does  not  include  the  enlistments  for  the  militia.  .ANEW  SUBMARINE  WAR  MACHINE.—A.  letter  from  St.  Petersburg  says  :  Mr.  Mauer,  after  being  refused  by  the  British  government,  has  obtained  great  encouragement  from  the  Russians,  who  have  been  at  the  expense  of  erect erecting  ing erecting  one  of  his  machines  at  a•  cost  of  about  15,0001.  lt  is  said  to  be  a  clever  invention,  and  to  be  spoken  well  of  by  the  most  intelligent  engineers  at  St..  Petersburg.  It  is  to  be  propelled  by  two  screws,  and  _steered  to  any  point  underwater;  where  it  may  remain  for  eight  hours  without  requiring  fresh  air  to  be  pumped.  The  Russians  osten ostentatiously  tatiously ostentatiously  profess  to  congratulate  themselves  that  it  was  riot  adopted  by  the  English,  as  it  might  haVe  been  effica efficaclods  clods efficaclods  in  enabling  them  to  remove  the  booms  and  mines  they  have  put  under  water  to  prevent  the  approach  of  of  ships  of  war.  .  .  HONOURABLE  TESTIMONIAL  TO  A  VETERAN.  -  A  very  interesting  ceremony  took  place  on  Monday  last,  81st  ult.,  at  Warley  Barracks,  the  depot  of  the  East  India  Corn  .dany,  in  the  presentation  of  a  testimonial  to  the  esteeme•:  Ser Sergeant-major  geant-major Sergeant-major  Robert  Sullivan,  on  his  retirement  from  the  depot,  and  service  of  the  company.  Forty-four  years  fiL.i  he  been  eriployed  on  active  duty,  and  ,.  for  the  last  thirty."
