text
"and  philanthropy;  and  that  whilst  such  incon inconceivable  ceivable inconceivable  poverty,  wretchedness,  crime,  and  prac practical  tical practical  heathenism  exist  everywhere  around  us,  our  efforts  should  be  concentrated  and  combined  to  imprq,ve  our  home  condition,  ere  we  went  there  and  back  again'  in  search  of  objects,whereupon  to  exercise  our  abundant  And  are  we  not  correct  ?  Does  not  Christianity  herself  inculcate  the  precept?  Then  how  can  our  correspondent  characterise  the  sentiment  as  a  or  as  He  says  is  founded  on  the  assump assumption  tion assumption  that  if  the  funds  now  devoted  to  missions  abroad  were  withdrawn,  they  would  all  flow  into  streams  of  charity  at  But  he  observes  such  is  contrary  to  &amp;c.,  and,  in  order  to  proVe  his  position,  adopts  that  very  conclusive  and  ingenious  mode  of  argument  known  as  the  argunzentztm  ad  absurdam  To  reason,  because  the  principle  of  benevolence  is  strengthened  not  weakened  by  exercise  ;  and  the  more  we  help  our  fellow-creatures  in  distant  lands,  the  more  we  are  inclined  to  alleviate  the  wants  of  our  fellow-countrymen  Really,  'this  out-Wheatley's  WHEATLEY,  who  succeeded  in  proving  the  non nonexistence  existence nonexistence  of  the  Emperor  NAPOLEON  !  We  can  only  palliate  the  absurdity,  by  taking  the  writer  at  his  word,  that  he  was  labouring  at  the  time  under  But  we  positively  never  gave  scope  for  such  an  assertion  as  our  correspondent  makes.  We  never  advocated  the  withdrawal  of  the  funds  devoted  to  foreign  missions,  laying  the  flattering  unction  to  our  that  such  would  flow  into  golden  rivers  of  charity  at  home.  We  believe  no  such  thing.  We  advocated  strenuous  and  laborious  efforts  for  the  elevation  and  moralisation  of  millions  of  our  population,  who  are  morally  and  physically  de depraved  praved depraved  ;  and  whose  condition  calls  more  loudly  for  amelioration  and  sympathy  than  that  of  the  inhabi inhabitants  tants inhabitants  of  the  South  Sea  Islands,  or  Timbuctoo,  who  have  much  more  physical  comfort,  and  are  not  less  civilised,  than  those  of  Our  correspondent  fancies  that  our  charity  is  running  over,  and  that  we  are  fairly  with  it.  And  yet,  as  we  before  observed,  the  CHAPLAIN  of  our  Borough  gaol  complains  that  for  the  want  of  funds  he  is  unable  to  redeem  young  criminals,  who  have  completed  their  terms  of  imprisonment,  from  a  course  of  crime  which  must  be  fatal  to  society  in  the  long  run,  and  fearfully  increase  the  moral  turpitude  of  the  unhappy  but  neglected  victims  of  crime.  We  have  much  charity,  but  it  is  misplaced  and  misdirected—many  hospitals  for  the  sick,  but  all  who  have  visited  such  institutions  on  the  Conti  nent,  must  know  how  infinitely  preferable  it  is  to  see  a  delicate  Sister  of  Charity  performing  kind  offices  for  prostrate  humanity,  than  the  uncouth  and  unsympathising  nurses,  hardened  •  by  their  vo vocation,  cation, vocation,  who  are  frequently  to  be  found  at  home.  Our  charity  is  more  prodigious  than  efficacious  ;  and  foreign  States  are  well  managed  at  half  the  cost  required  for  keeping  up  our  'magnificent  hos hospitals  pitals hospitals  and  palace-like  workhouses,  where  the  poor  are  pauperised  and  degraded,  and  where  teeming  poverty  is  nestled,  as  in  a  hot-bed,  to  germinate  abundantly,  and  afterwards  desolate  the  land.  At  the  southern  hospital  this  week,  fifteen  patients  were  entered,  and  seventeen  discharged  cured.  There  remains  under  treatment  sixty-three.  Yesterday  the  children  of  the  Blue-coat  school  were  kindly  permitted  by  the  proprietor  to  view  the  panorama  of  the  Mississipi,  Bold-street,  free  of  charge.  GRAND  MASONIC  BALL.—The  annual  masonic  ball,  in  aid  of  the  funds  of  the  West  Lancashire  institution,  for  the  edu education  cation education  and  advancement  in  life  of  children  of  distressed  free freemasons,  masons, freemasons,  will  be  held  on  Thursday,  the  7th  February  next.  THE  AUSTRALIAN  MAIL.—The  clipper  ship  a STYLE=superscript  Matilda  Captain  J.  C.  Clare,  will  sail  to-morrow  about  mid-day  with  the  mails  for  Australia.  She  is  now  lying  in  the  river,  with  a  full  complement  of  goods  and  passengers.  The  bags  arriving  here  to-day  will  be  put  on  board  to-morrow  morning.  Letters  will  be  received  at  the  post-office  until  this  evening.  LAUNCH  or  A  STEAMER,  TO-DAY.-At  high-water  this  morning,  Mesrrs  Thomas  Vernon  and  Son,  of  Brunswick Brunswickdock,  dock, Brunswickdock,  will  launch  the  steamer  Enniskillen.  The  Enniskillen  is  a  finely  modelled  paddle  boat,  of  about  750  tons  measure measurement,  ment, measurement,  and  will  be  propelled  by  side  lever  engines,  of  320  horse-power,  made  by  Messrs.  Fawcett,  Preston,  and  Co.  Sho  is  intended  to  ply  between  this  port  and  Londonderry.  in  place  of  the  screw  steamer  Victory.  MORE  HASTE  THAN  SPEED.—A  young  man,  named  Leon  Thomas,  decamped  yesterday  C  73111  London,  taking  with  him  £l5O,  the  property  of  his  father.  A  telegraphic  dispatch  was  received  at  the  Liverpool  police-office,  at  half-past  nine  o'clock  last  night,  stating  that  Thomas  was  on  his  way  to  Li.  verpool  ;  and  at  11  o'clock  he  was  in  the  custody  of  Loyd,  one  of  the  night  officers,  at  the  detective  office.  All  the  money  was  found  upon  him.  TESTIMONIAL  TO  MR.  WATKIN  OP  THE  LONDON  AND  NORTH-WESTERN  RAILWAY.—We  learn  that  at  a  meeting  of  the  officers  of  the  company,  held  at  Euston-square,  on  Tuesday,  and  presided  over  by  the  general  manager  Capt.  Huish,  resolved  to  present  to  Mr.  Watkin  who  leaves  the  company's  service,  to  become  the  general  manager  of  the  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincolnshire  Railway,  a  testimo testimonial  nial testimonial  of  the  regard  and  esteem  which  they  (his  brother  officers)  entertain  towards  him.  Mr.  Watkin,  we  believe,  goes  to  the  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincolnshire  Com Company  pany Company  under  an  engagement  for  five  years,  at  12001.  per  annum.  THE  SHIP  the  meeting  of  the  Board  of  Guardians  of  Belfast,  on  Thursday,.  the  mayor  stated  that  all  the  cholera  patients  remaining  in  the  house  from  the  were  now  pronounced  completely  out  of  danger,  and  might  leave  the  hospital  at  any  time.  He  had  got  a  list  of  those  wishing  to  go  to  Liverpool,  and  those  intending  to  go  home  ;  and,  so  far  as  the  former  were  concerned,  the  guardians  had  been  met  in  the  most  liberal  manner  by  the  steam-packet  companies,  who  had  offered  to  take  them  to  Liverpool  free  of  expense.  So  many  as  twenty  of  the  people  wished  to  go  to  Limerick,  and  some  to  Cavan,  and  others  to  Kerry,  but  he  (the  mayor)  thought  little  diffi difficulty  culty difficulty  would  be  experienced  in  having  the  wishes  of  these  poor  people  carried  out.  A  subscription  was  entered  into  to  send  these  poor  people  home.  LECIVRE  ON  HERALDRY.—Last  evening  the  Rev.  Dr.  Hume,  delivered  a  most  highly  and  amusing  lecture  on  Heraldry,  at  the  Collegiate  Institution,  to  a  very  numerous  audience.  The  theatre  of  the  institution,  in  which  the  lecture  was  delivered,  was  decorated  with  numerous  heraldic  de devices  vices devices  and  emblazoned  escutcheonary,  to  which  the  lecturer  in  the  course  of  his  remarks  directed  attention.  Having  pointed  out  the  desirability  of  persons  being  somewhat  acquainted  with  the  rudiments  of  heraldry,  he  proceeded  to  show  its  bearings  upon  history,  biography,  and  archaeology,  and  gave  various  extracts  from  the  works  of  Sir  W.  Scott,  Shakspere,  and  a  very  old  poem  written  on  the  battle  of  Flodden-field,  to  show  that  the  science  of  heraldry  was  sometimes  connected  with  literature.  The  lecturer  expressed  a  regret  'that  more  attention  was  not  paid  in  public  schools  to  heraldry,  seeing  its  connexion  with  history,  and  all  that  related  to  the  pedigree  of  those  various  families  whose  names  were  recorded  in  the  history  of  the  country  and  the  gazettes.  The  lecturer  was  repeatedly  applauded,  and  much  instruc instructive  tive instructive  matter  was  gained  from  his  remarks.  THE  STEAMER  GOLDEN  AGE.—We  understand  that  this  magnificent  steamer  will  start  for  Australia  on  Monday  morning.  Since  her  detention  in  port  she  has  .had  an  addi addition  tion addition  of  about  20  more  passengers,  and  letters  are  still  being  received  on  board.  Yesterday,  Captain  Porter  received  a  very  gratifying  testimonial  in  the  shape  of  an  address,  from  the  passengers,  expressing  their  entire  confidence  in  the  cababilities  of  the  ship  and  her  machinery,  and  compliment complimenting  ing complimenting  her  commander  for  the  coolness  he  displayed  at  the  time  of  the  unfortunate  accident  sustained  by  her  on  Monday  last.  An  impression  having  got  abroad  that  her  single  engine  was  not  able  to  bring  her  up  promptly,  and  was  liable  to  in  going  over  the  centre,  her  chief  engineer  has  denied  that  it  ever  stopped  reversing  till  after  the  vessel  struck  the  wall,  and  states  that  there  are  upwards  of  200  steamers  ply plying  ing plying  to  and  from  New  York  with  similar  engines,  which  never  fail  in  bringing  up.  The  following  is  a  copy  of  the  testimonial  presented  to  Captain  Porter  Liverpool,  December  2nd,  1853.—T0  Captain  D.  D.  Porter,  U.  S.  N.,  commander  of  the  Golden  the  undersigned  passengers  in  the  beg  to  express  our  sympathy  with  you  on  the  occasion  of  our  departure  having  been  delayed  by  an  accident  to  the  vessel  ;  for,  although  the  collision  took  place  while  the  con control  trol control  of  the  vessel  was  in  other  hands,  we  cannot  but  feel  that  so  untoward  an  event  at  the  commencement  of  a  voyage  —which  might  otherwise  have  proved  one  of  the  most  speedy  on  record—  must  be  peculiarly  distressing  to  you.  Nor  can  we  refrain  from  expressing  our  admiration  of  the  coolness  and  command  of  temper  you  displayed  on  the  occa occasion,  sion, occasion,  which  have  afforded  us  a  highly  favourable  presage  of  your  capabilities  for  command.  In  conclusion,  we  beg  to  assure  you  that  this  accident  has  not  impaired  our  confidence  in  the  vessel  or  machinery;  and,  trusting  that  we  may  soon  be  enabled  to  renew  the  voyage  under  more  favourable  auspices,  we  beg  to  subscribe  ourselves  your  most  obedient  servants,  &amp;C.,  &amp;c.  [Here  follow  the  names  of  all  the  cabin  passen passengers.]  gers.] passengers.]"
