text
"CorreVonlitnre.  BULLION  IMPORTS  AND  EXPORTS  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  Slll,—Your  leader  of  to-day  is,  I  dare  say,  con considered  sidered considered  by  you  as  a  smart  retort  ;  but  it  is  not  an  answer  to  my  letter.  You  repeat  again  the  blunders  of  which  I  complain;  and  instead  of  leading,  you  persist  in  misleading,  the  public  on  the  important  subject  of  imports  and  You  seem  to  treat  the  amounts  of  the  precious  metals  used  in  the  arts  and  sciences,  and  also  those  taken.  silently  out  of  the  country  by  the  large  body  of  emigrants  Iyho  are  continually  leaving  us,  not  only  for  the  United  States  and  Canada,  but  also  for  Australia  and  other  places,  as  paltry  And  so  you  dismiss  with  this  editorial  dash  of  the  pen,  two  important  facts,  among  others,  to  show  how  the  supplies  of  bullion  may  and  do  disappear  without  public  observation.  I  respectfully  submit,  sir,  that  it  might  have  been  much  more  edifying  to  your  readers  if  you  had  given  some  sort  of  infor information  mation information  to  show  them  what  the  actual  or  probable  amount  of  these  paltry  might  be.  As  you  have  not  done  so,  I  will  do  it  for  you.  The  consumption,  then,  of  the  precious  metals  in  the  arts  and  sciences—as  estimated  by  Mr.  Jacob,  who  is  the  highest  authority  we  have  on  these  sub  jects—five  and  twenty  years  ago,  was  about  two  and  a-half  millions  sterling  per  annum  !  You  will  not  deny,  I  presume,  that  in  this  five  and  twenty  years  there  has  been  a  considerable  increase  to  our  popu population,  lation, population,  and  a  large  addition  to  our  national  wealth  ;  also  that  the  national  offspring  of  increased  wealth  is  an  enlarged  taste  for  luxury  and  orna ornament.  ment. ornament.  These  premises  bein  g  granted,  we  must,  o  f  course,  make  some  addition  to  the  estimates  of  Mr.  Jacob.  That  amount  I  should  claim  to  put  at  about  one  million  per  annum,  which  brings  up  the  estimates  of  the  precious  metals  used  for  other  purposes  than  coin  at  about  three  and  a-half  mil millions  lions millions  sterling  per  annum.  As  for  the  amounts  taken  out  by  emigrants,  they  must  be  mere  matter  of  theory;  but  as  the  number  of  emigrants  f  init,ii.tc,  to  ..buth.  aoo.ooo  per  annum,  r  uo  not  think  it  all  an  extravagant  statement  to  say  that  this  item  will  amount  to  one  million  ster sterling  ling sterling  per  annum.  I  am  aware  that  large  numbers  of  emigrants  are  very  poor,  and  can  have  very  little  money;  but,  on  the  other  hand,  there  are  large  numbers,  to  Australia  especially,  who  take  their  hundreds  and  thousands.  I  assume,  then,  that  the  amounts  of  the  precious  metals  consumed  in  the  arts  and  sciences,  and  taken  out  by  emigrants  amount  to  no  less  a  sum  than  four  and  a  half  millions  per  annum,  and  these  you  designate  paltry  My  notion  is  that  such  terms  are  misapplied  to  a  sum  of  money  which  represents  more  than  one-fourth  of  the  whole  stock  now  held  by  the  Bank  of  England  !!  In  this  view  I  think  your  readers  will  concur,  whatever  your  own  opinion  may  be.  Among  other  crude  and  ill-considered  remarks  in  your  leader  there  is  the  following  As  all  merchants  use  their  bankers  in  the  course  of  their  foreign  as  well  as  their  domestic  trade,  all  sums  leaving  the  country  in  the  ordinary  course  of  trade  would  be  traceable  either  in  the  increase  or  decrease  in  the  bullion  and  other  returns  of  the  Now,  sir,  you  must  excuse  me  telling  you  that  this  paragraph  can  only  have  been  formed  by  inex inexcusable  cusable inexcusable  carelessness  or  ignorance.  You  surely  do  not  require  to  be  told  that  there  are  such  men  in  our  commercial  community  as  dealers  in  That  these  men  purchase  the  precious  metals  from  the  importers,  and  sell  it  to  the  exporters,  or  per perhaps  haps perhaps  export  it  themselves  ;  that  large  amounts  of  the  same  thus  pass  through  their  hands  which  never  enter  the  portals  of  any  bank  at  all,  and  such  amounts  cannot  therefore  in  any  way  affect  the  increase  or  decrease,  or  other  returns  of  the  Again,  you  With  regard  to  money  taken  away  in  the  pockets  of  emigrants,  11r.  Langton  seems  to  think  that  it  has  never  formed  a  portion  of  the  actual  circulation  of  the  The  fact  is,  that  my  reference  to  emigrants  had  nothing  whatever  to  do  with  the  circulation  of  the  I  merely  referred  to  the  monies  taken  out  by  emigrants,  as  a  proof  of  one  silent  and  un unobserved  observed unobserved  means  of  diminishing  the  bullion,  without  any  record  being  kept,  and  this  position  I  main maintain.  tain. maintain.  In  order  to  get  rid  of  the  difficulties  you  are  in  about  the  exchanges,  you  profess  not  to  understand  my  views,  and  you  inquire  upon  what  basis  I  plan  my  calculations  as  to  the  average  market  value  of  gold.  I  must  tell  you,  then,  that  my  calculations  are  based  simply  upon  the  course  of  and  from  these  calculations  I  find  that  a  merchant,  or  bullion  dealer,  can  at  present,  and  for  some  time  back,  get  a  profit  of  nearly  one  per  cent  by  buying  gold  in  England  and  transmitting  it  to  Hamburgh  or  Paris.  So  long  as  the  course  of  exchange  re remains  mains remains  at  that  point  which  will  enable  merchants  and  traders  to  make  profits  by  the  transmission  of  the  precious  metals,  you  may  be  sure  it  will  be  done.  It  is  like  water;  it  will  always  find  .its  In  order  to  show  you  the  reason  of  the  exchanges  being  so  much  against  this  country,  I  referred  you  to  the  aggregate  imports  and  exports  of  merchan merchandise,  dise, merchandise,  as  published  by  the  Board  of  Trade.  I  pointed  your  marked  attention  to  the  large  balance  of  imports  over  exports,  and  thus  gave  you  a  cor  rect  clue  to  the  reason  why  the  exchanges  keep  so  continually  adverse  to  England.  Instead  of  replying  to  this,  or  attempting  such  explanation  as  might  have  harmonised  with  your  views,  you  answer,  by  an  extravagant  statement  as  to  the  advances  made  by  our  merchants  against  the  produce  of  our  colonies,  &amp;c.  From  whence  you  have  obtained  so  wild  a  theory  I  am  at  a  loss  to  know.  Why,  sir,  the  amount  you  put  this  item  at  is  more  than  half  of  all  ovr  foreign  trade  !!  !  That  such  advances  to  some  extent  are  made,  no  doubt,  but  they  make  nothing  for  your  argument,  because  they  are  made,  for  the  most  part,  in  manufactured  goods,  and  are  periodically  included  in  the  Board  of  Trade  returns.  It  is  clear,  then,  that  such  pay payments  ments payments  are  already  reimbursed  in'  the  .  imports,  and  the  balance  of  18  millions  in  value,  of  imports  over  ex exports,  ports, exports,  has  still,  as  I  suggested,  to  be  paid,  before  the  accounts  between  England  and  her  foreign  cor correspondents  respondents correspondents  can  be  adjusted.  In  concluding  this  letter  I  cannot  but  regret  that  you  should  have  replied  to  my  former  communica communication  tion communication  by  sarcasm  and  random  assertion,  rather  than  by  sound  argument  or  an  appeal  to  facts.  Your  spirited  and  enterprising  attempts  to  esta establish  blish establish  a  daily  paper  in  Liverpool  deserves  encourage encouragement  ment encouragement  and  support.  But  if  you  expect  the  patronage  of  the  public,  it  will  not  do  to  draw  upon  your  ima imagination  gination imagination  for  your  facts,  or  to  ground  your  arguments  and  theories  upon  unsound  data.  —Yours,  —...  ours,  &amp;e.,  H.  C.  LANGTON.  Nov.  23,  1853  wolfing  anxiously  for  the  proofs  which  you  promised  some  weeks  back,  of  the  very  large  supplies  of  food  to  come  from  the  United  States.  [We  publish  Mr.  Langton's  second  letter  as  a  matter  of  courtesy—notwithstanding  the  animus  which  pervades  his  correspondence,  and  the  serious  aspersions  he  throws  on  our  paper—leaving  our  readers  to  form  their  opinion  by  comparing  Mr.  Langton's  letters  with  our  Monetary  views,  which  appear  to  be  the  cause  of  our  correspondent's  displeasure.—En.  N.  D.  T.]  BULLION  IMPORTS  AND  EXPORTS.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  SlR,—The  Exchanges,  whether  adverse  or  other otherwise,  wise, otherwise,  are  no  criterion  of  our  prosperity,  nor  of  the  reverse.  Money  is  simply  cheap  or  dear,  in  every  country,  from  supply  and  demand—like  all  other  articles.  The  sources  of  our  wealth,  as  derived  from  other  nations,  arise  principally  from  the  exportation  of  articles  of  British  industry  and  skill;  and  from  returns,  are  dividends  and  interest  arising  from  capital  invested  and  lent  on  securities  in  other  countries.  We  may  estimate  the  benefit  we  derive  generally  by  the  balance  of  trade.  We  ought  to  have  a  great  excess  of  imports  over  exports  to  yield  a  profitable  return  for  the  large  amount  of  capital,  employed  ;  and  if  there  be  no  excess,  it  is  clear  there  is  no  profit.  The  indebtedness  of  other  nations  to  England  is  a  source  in  itself  of  great  wealth  ;  and  as  long  as  British  money  goes  out  into  foreign  lands,  upon  proper  security,  we  shall  always  be  in'  possession  of  a  large  income,  which  must  be  regu regularly  larly regularly  sent  us,  either  in  money  or  in  kind.  The  argument,  therefore,  is,  that  the  country"
