text
"1  565.  to  59  1.  to  57  I  at  from  CorroN—Review  for  the  Week  closed  last  week  with  an  extre  although  it  was  becoming  pretty  our  last  circular,  that  a  large  portion  of  the  spinners  were  without  stocks,  and  which  was  confirmed  on  Monday,  and  subsequently  by  the  improved  demand  we  had  from  the  trade,  the  purchases  the  last  four  days  having  been  more  ex extensive  tensive extensive  than  at  any  period  during  the  preceding  seven  weeks.  Although  spinners  arc  without  stocks,  the  uncertain  state  they  are  in  with  respect  to  the  operatives  prevents  their  buying  more  than  a  few  days'  consumption  at  a  time,  even  though  tempted  by  the  considerable  decline  which  has  taken  place  in  prices.  This  improved  demand  has  by  no  means  strengthened  the  market,  as  the  desire  to  sell  has  been  so  strongly  manifested  that  we  have  had  irregular  but  declining  prices  for  all  qualtities  of  American,  but  particularly  for  the  low  or  inferior  descriptions,  the  value  of  which  had  for  some  time  been  quite  nominal.  The  better  kinds  of  American  arc  id.  per  lb.  lower,  the  middling  qualities  fully  id.,  whilst  the  inferior  have  been  sold  at  Id.  per  lb.  decline.  Brazils  being  rho  Cotton  Market  nely  moderate  business,  only  in  limited  request,  must  be  considered  4d.  per  lb.  lower  c STYLE=superscript  ,  Egyptians  are  also  in  limited  request,  and  somewhat  unsteath  in  price.  In  Surats  there  has  been  a  good  (10,-.1  to  the  low  prices  -  'd.  V.  per  .0.  decline;  0,0.  Bahia,  100  Bengal,  and  1  speculation  and  for  The  actual  0-  n  taken  on  )rt,  ant  Indian,  in  all  of  which  500  The  sales  dur  which  29,66  C  On  a  compari  -day  are  5,  mth  amounted  to  121,870  sor  export  an  increas  42,350  ba]  tity  taken  for  consumption  has  been  37,973  1  d  1  1853,  against  39,139  bales  last  year,  but  the  stock  on  spin spinners'  ners' spinners'  hands  on  30th  September,  1852,  was  more  than  double  what  it  is  at  the  present  moment.  CORN.—The  markets  of  the  United  Kinfrdom  this  week  es  weekly,  i  continue  gwatly  a-r_rsitaci,  a  onngi  aerablo  aciv  - STYLE=superscript  a'rkee  rcrsortcd  in  all  descriptions  of  grain,  and  in  some  of  the  agricultural  districts  excessive  rates  are  quoted  for  new  wheats,  the  yield  and  condition  of  which  fully  bear  out  the  unfavourable  anti anticipations  cipations anticipations  heretofore  given.  Consumers  have_  become  the  chief  buyers,  and  the  as  they  were  an  athet  ;k  now,  Ast  two  d  stances  prides  of  flour  have  been  have  availed  themselves  to  oper  in  the  bank  rate  of  interest  will  orally  tend  for  the  mo-  wise  would  act  with  confidence  on  tare  course  of  prices  occassional  showers,  t  we  have  had"
