text
"LIVERPOOL  MARKET  S.—YEsTERDAt  (Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  Daily  Times.)  e  SUGAR  continues  in  fair  request  for  refining  purposes,  t!io  sales  reported  to-day  comprising  70  hhds  Jamaica,  at  335'1  a'  to  34s  6d  ;  20  hhds  grainy  Demerara,  at  36s  6d  ;  1,100  bag,  Khaur,  at  28s  6d  ;  1,500  bans  Pernams  and  Par  aiba, STYLE=superscript  18s  9d  to  19s  6d  ;  30  cases  20  ° STYLE=superscript  brls  Maceo,  at  1  9 STYLE=superscript  s  to  203  e4l;  and  200  boxes  brown  Havana,  at  20s  3d  l  cwt.  Of  Rum  a  small  lot  of  Demerara  has  brought  full  Price's.  No  sales  of  Coffee  have  transpired.  ta  RICE.—The  business  is  confined  to  2,000  bags  Arrac  an) STYLE=superscript  13s  9d  ;  and  500  bags  Bengal,  at  15s  6d  V  cwt.  In  other  articles  we  have  to  notice  300  bags  Saltpetre,  at  29s  6d,  5  per  cent.  refraction;  120  bags  Plate  Lac,  at  3  45 STYLE=superscript  ;  and  I,ooo:bags  Sago  Flour,  at  21s  e  cwt,  for  arrival.  TEA.—There  continues  a  good  demand  both  from  t  trade  and  speculators,  at  higher  rates.  Common  Cong  in  request  at  is  2d  tfi  lb.  Corrox.—The  market  is  in  every  respect  without  cha  re STYLE=superscript  or  since  Saturday.  The  sales  are  6,000  bales,  1,500  being  export,  and  on  speculation.  LONDON  CORN  EXCHANGE.—YEsTERDAT  Very  small  supply  of  English  wheat  met  a  ready  5  31 STYLE=superscript  e STYLE=superscript  :f  eztreme  rates  of  this  day  week,  having  a  large  attendanc  e STYLE=superscript  ,  s  ,  s  country  .  buyers.  A  good  inquiry  for  Foreign  wheat/  chiefly  intermediate  qualities  at  full  prices  of  last  1‘10!olaIoi  Barley  in  good  supply,  and  trade  very  slow  at  a  dec11  ....  .  6  e.  Is  to  2s  V  qr.  Beans  is  higher.  Oats  fair  sale  ;  B  a STYLE=superscript  r  6d  to  Is  qr  dearer.  Price  of  flour  and  peas  unaltered.  LONDON  PRODUCE  MARKET.—YESTERDAY.  SUGAR.  Foreign  yellow  Havanah,  22s  6d  to  26s  in  t  ij STYLE=superscript  a.  several  buyers.  Refined  brown  lumps,  44s  ;  fair  denw,  —COFFEE  is  firm,  but  the  inquiry  is  dull  ;  native  Celli  46s  to  47s.—TE;firm,  demand  large  ;  sound  congou,  ls  to  I  s  2d.  RICE.  —Madras  is  wanted,  and  few  sellers,  „.  13s  3d  to  13s  9d  ;  white  Bengal  sells  small  at  14s  9d  to  —COCHINEAL  is  brisk  ;  low  to  fine  Honduras  silvers  4  6 STYLE=superscript  i  ,  4s  10d.  CorroN  firm,  but  sales  are  limited.  TALLoif  slow  of  sale,  P.Y.C.  563  9d  to  57s  on  spot.  SMITHFIELD  CATTLE  MARKET.—YEsTERDO  We  were  well  supplied  with  foreign  stock  to-day.  CI STYLE=superscript  the  whole,  a  good  business  was  transacted  in  most  kinds..  The  arrivals  of  beasts  fre  s  h  u  p  f  rom  our  own  graz  ing  j  tricts  were  moderately  ext  e  n  s  i  ve  as  t  o  num  b  er  ,  an  d  is  average  condition.  The  general  weight,  however,  was  f  o  r  no  means  heavy.  The  weather  being  favourable  ,  4  slaughtering,  and  the  attendance  of  both  town  and  cotial  buyers  good,  the  beef  trade  ruled  steadily,  and  last  Mondij  prices  were  well  supported.  The  best  Scots  realised  49  8  lb.  „n.c,  Beasts,  5,628;  sheep,  28,260  ;  calves,  284  ;  pigs)  Foreign:  Beasts,  2,060;  sheeps,  6,270  ;  calves,  248.  BANK.RUPTCY  CO  UR  T  (Before  ➢ir.  Commissioner  PERRY.)  .  IN  RE  FAincLotrGit.—There  was  a  meeting  in  this  t  ri  t  ,  yesterday  for  certificate.  The  bankrupt,  Mr.  J.  W.  '  s  %  Clough,  who  was  a  member  of  th  e  fi  rm  of  Dognall  Fairclough,  comb  manufacturers,  did  not  appear,  and  an  journment  sine  die  was  ordered.  SPORTING  BETTING  AT  TATTERSALL'S  LAST  NIGIa.  THE  DERBY.  6  to  1  against  Autocrat—taken.  10  to  1  „  King  Tom  „  14  to  1  „  Dervish  /)  25  to  1  „  Acrobat  „  33  to  1  „  Neville.  33  to  1  „  Marsyas—taken.  40  to  1  „  Hesse  Cassell—taken  25  to  1  „  Ruby—taken.  The  annual  sermon  was  preached  on  Sunday  last  0'  0 STYLE=superscript  Barnabas's  church,  by  the  Rev.  Mr.  B  arr  y,  in  aid  01  funds  of  the  Northern  Hospital.  The  m  a  yor  and  Bel  (  I  members  of  the  council  were  present.  A  sum  o  f  upwa'  601.  was  realised.  e'  The  Rev.  Mr.  Parry  preached  on  Sunday  in  St.  Clel  o STYLE=superscript  Church,  Windsor,  in  aid  of  the  building  fund  of  the  01 STYLE=superscript  1  0  4  0 STYLE=superscript  boys'  asylum.  The  collection  realised  a  sum  of  of  50/.  t  THE  QUEEN  OF  THE  WEST.—This  very  fine  emigra  x STYLE=superscript  '.o  '  which  was  compelled  to  put  into  Co  r  k  di  smas  ted  •  fie  the  Mersey  on  Saturday  with  her  pas  sengers  a  ll  well.  °l  learn  that  the  great  bulk  of  the  emi  gran  t  s  by  the  aui  4o  o,  the  West  were  yesterday  shipped  on  board  the  Ash')  OnoP  which  vessel  was  to  sail  at  an  early  hour  this  1  09r STYLE=superscript  o:  These  emigrants  w  ere  supp  li  e  d  b  y  Messrs,  Bowman:  itiv'  nell,  and  Co.,  the  agents  of  th  e  Q  ueen  of  the  fresh  provisions  for  the  voyage.  REPRESENTATION  OF  EAST  GLOUCESTERSHIRE  . STYLE=superscript  $14  16 STYLE=superscript  elevation  to  the  peerage  of  the  Marquis  of  Worceste  r STYLE=superscript  occasioned  a  vacancy  for  this  division  of  the  cou  s STYLE=superscript  t'  ) STYLE=superscript  Holland,  of  Dumbleton,  it  is  sa  id  i  n  t  en  d  s  o  ff  er  ing  6 STYLE=superscript  o  fQ  on  the  Liberal  interest  ;  the  Hon.  Mr.  Ponsonby,  sej,,  o STYLE=superscript  \o  de  Manley,  is  also  spoken  of.  A  rumour  is  likewa`w  tf)  that  Mr.  Philip  W.  S.  Miles,  of  Kingiwestea  - STYLE=superscript  rti  offer  hltneelr  Tor  Ilia  T111.1:6131.4  soravOCULtl/1  M.P.  for  Bristol.  will  be  in  v  it  e  d  by  LIVE  R  Fus STYLE=superscript  :b  SIMULTANEOUS  COLLECTION  IN  AID  OF  TH  E  r  CHARITIES.--The  annual  simultaneous  collection  ae.,101  funds  of  the  Liverpool  charities,  took  place  on  Su  i,  u  n  a STYLE=superscript  tt  li  s  at  the  several  churches  in  Liverpool.  We  are  —some  announce  the  gross  amount  of  the  collection,  as  al  o  iler  stances  the  returns  are  imperfect,  and  in  others  the  c  tion  has  been  adjourned  to  next  Sunday.  At  '  l STYLE=superscript  iaise  Prince's  Park,  the  collection  amounted  to  207/,  itt  e STYLE=superscript  rso  , STYLE=superscript  thanks-offering  of  100/.  ;  at  St.  Michael's,  Textetlotif  421.  was  realised  ;  at  St.  Bride's  901.,  and  at  the  Old  tiu  cs  ed  e  161.  15s.  The  amount  on  the  whole  is  expected  to  .1  that  collected  last  year.  g  to  LIVERPOOL  IN  DARKNESS.—Yesterday  evening,  03  0  some  defective  arrangement  on  the  part  of  the  gas  e?  astV  a  very  considerable  portion  of  the  town  was  left  1  1 STYLE=superscript  100  ness.  All  attempts  made  to  light  the  gas  in  th  eeh  establishments  in  Lord-street,  North  and  South  John',o  and  several  other  streets  in  the  locality,  being  al  t STYLE=superscript  be  futile,  and  candles,  in  some  instances,  were  o  bligea,  of  resorted  to  as  a  substitute.  In  a  short  time  t:  000  0  office  was  actually  besieged  by  complainants,  and  as  -  practicable  the  defect,  whatever  it  was,  was  reme  died.  r  learn  that  the  shops  in  Waterloo-road,  James's-st  reel STYLE=superscript  were  also  for  some  time  similarly  inconvenienced.  0  s  ~,01  LORD  SHAFTESBURY  ON  THE  SANITORY  CONDFFI,,,p  MANCHESTER.—The  Earl  of  Shaftesbury,  in  a  letter  1.  1 STYLE=superscript  ;  0  0  Times  of  yesterday,  thus  speaks  of  the  sanitory  el  e STYLE=superscript  jte,  made  by  the  Manchester  Town  Council  Sir,  maj  o  r  the  liberty  of  employing  your  columns,  as  a  means  ot  major  public  attention,  and  especially  the  attention  of  all  ?  j STYLE=superscript  o  g  pal  and  corporate  authorities,  to  the  example  that  l  est  eti  them,  at  the  present  time,  by  the  corporation  of  31an  c STYLE=superscript  .  „  be  to,„  I  am  just  returned  from  a  short  visit  to  their  town,  ,7  0e  riP,  heard  of  and  saw  the  many  improvements  that  have  tuted  by  .  that  public-spirited  body.  Vast  thorough  opened  in  many  parts  ;  the  streets,  courts,  and  c STYLE=superscript  a  ,l STYLE=superscript  ,  e STYLE=superscript  '  re  regularly  cleansed  ;  pavements  are  almost  everywiu,  e STYLE=superscript  ra  f  b  s STYLE=superscript  t  i  down  ;  the  smoke  nuisance  is  in  rapid  course  of  ahaw  i  l  il  y  public  drains  and  sewers  are  constructed  ;  the  cesspe  ° STYLE=superscript  remain  will,  I  hope,  be  speedily  removed  ;  and  an,ft  b STYLE=superscript  bti  r STYLE=superscript  d  supply  of  good  and  soft  water  is  so  admirably  ao'&#34;;  0  1  that,  in  a  short  time,  the  smallest  tenement  will  A  l  e  unlimited  quantity,  at  an  almost  nominal  price.  A  fits  to  the  mass  of  the  people  are  quite  incalculable.'  ..  .  4  o  ) STYLE=superscript  ,',  LIABILITY  OF  RAILWAY  COMPANIES  FOR  ACClDerha  THEIR  OWN  SERVANTS..--In  the  court  of  ExchecKA  Friday,  was  tried  the  case  of  Skipp  v.  the  Eastern  ;op  Railway  Company.  It  was  an  action  for  damages  f° STYLE=superscript  „  of  sustained  by  the  plaintiff  through  the  negligenc  e STYLE=superscript  defendants.  Mr.  James,  for  the  plaintiff,  said  t  O  O  question  was  important,  being  whether  a  railway  e  ffe  ct  was  liable,  under  such  circumstanc  e  s,  f  or  injury  s  u STYLE=superscript  01'  4  , STYLE=superscript  their  own  servant  when  performing  his  duty  in  their  t  K,  The  plaintiff  was  guard  to  a  luggage  train  which  le STYLE=superscript  pro  don  on  the  Ist  of  June,  1852.  On  arriving  at  L  ea STYLE=superscript  si  station  he  found  that  there  were  42  trucks  on  which  were  to  be  linked  on  to  his  train  and  taken  tol  s  e7  There  was  no  porter  or  other  person  t  o  as  s  ist  him  i'  l STYLE=superscript  3  ,  A  O  and  linking  these  trucks,  so  as  to  set  o  ff  b  e  fore  the  r  if  f  a  passenger  train,  and  the  plaintiff,  in  his  anxiety  the  work  and  to  avoid  a  collision  or  stoppage,  I STYLE=superscript  °  l STYLE=superscript  'oo'  o  o  under  the  wheel  of  -the  engine  and  his  arm  seve  re(l  s  ,  l  oo  j  o  body.  For  this  injury  he  claimed  compensation.  t  hat  «g  1  was  obviously  varied  in  its  circumstances  fig:  4° STYLE=superscript  ,  3  0  P STYLE=superscript  d  domestic  servant,  as  he  (Mr.  James)  su  b  m  itted  tha  t STYLE=superscript  j  ev,ll  company,  having  servants  who  mu  s  t  encounte  r STYLE=superscript  ,4  1 STYLE=superscript  2  duties,  were  bound  to  provide  a  sufficient  staff  and  0  411  assistants,  as  accidents  must  occur  where  either  tile  d  ,  0  0  1  or  its  servants  discharge  their  duti  es  inefficiently  d  s  9  8  e  call  the  plaintiff  and  another  man  who  had  aet  e STYLE=superscript  ol9  to  a  goods  train,  and  the  jury  w  ou  ld  find  that,  0  ,  0  ea  assistance  at  Lea  Bridge  station,  f  ears  were  a  hl STYLE=superscript  ti  o  tanned  of  being  overtaken  by  a  passenger  00  a0  there  were  many  trucks  to  be  link  e  d  to  the  g  thear  /  .  The  consequence  was,  that  the  guards  had  to  use STYLE=superscript  est  activity  in  shifting  and  linking  of  the  trucks  ;  this  ib~  frequently  slipped,  or  were  thrown  down,  as  in STYLE=superscript  is  by  the  weight  of  the  extra  tru  c  k  s  .  R  e  p  e  ated  reP  00  c  ef  difficulties  had  been  made  to  the  manager,  b  ut STYLE=superscript  4e  nt,,:  a  tte!  was  given  to  them,  nor  was  any  assistance  ever  t  he  now  and  then,  when  a  porter  would  come  fr  (4ll STYLE=superscript  the  0  0 STYLE=superscript  ham  station.  The  evid  e  n  ce  h  a  yi  ng  corro  borate  d STYLE=superscript  meat  of  counsel,  M  r  .  B  aron  M  ar  ti  n  sa  id  there  tie  r'  O  OC  to  go  to  the  jury,  and  went  on  to  say  tha  t STYLE=superscript  i  oich.  t  o  company  was  not  responsible  for  any  a  cciden  e  dl  o STYLE=superscript  o  oF  befall  their  servants.  If  a  servant  was  dissatigi  „e  with  so  ino  r  employment,  or  if  he  found  it  attended  it  as  to  render  him  fearful  of  the  c  onsequene  es STYLE=superscript  !,  t  .  th  e STYLE=superscript  fectly  comp  e  t  en  t  i  n  hi  m  t  o  qu  it  th  e  employ  pany  did  not  c  o  mp  e  l  hi  m  t  o  rema  in  in  theithoug.uLy  the  man  remained  o  f  hi  s  own  a  ccord,  eve  n STYLE=superscript  o  f  a  in),  aware  that  the  duty  he  had  to  perform  wa  s STYLE=superscript  0  elv,  - STYLE=superscript  oclwianraacette.r.  He  H  i  h  s  a  s  d  o  t  r  h  e  e  m  p  a  o  in  w  in  e  g  r  t  i  o  n  qtahiet,  sehravtiFewode`icaAdvo:voti  to  do  so,  and  then  this  unfortunate  accident  ()  piped  for  the  consequences  of  that  accident,  1  .  1 STYLE=superscript  2  L STYLE=superscript  ,  L STYLE=superscript  bo  uld  oo3  ,  !  l  e  railway  company  was  not  responsible.  i  ideri  da  oh!  ,'  direct  the  jury  to  find  a  verdict  for  flue  the  ir  41/  /  fr  being  no  evidence  to  go  to  them  in  proof  a  p,'„ot.  --Mr.  James  said  he  would  rather  co  ns  o  el,  l STYLE=superscript  Nil  colt.  he  proposed  to  bring  the  question  bcfor  to'  nonsuit  was  then  entered.  u  s  ,  erv  ictt  ,b'e  P2_TB00193 PUS  P2_TB00194 or  d  4.a1:  P2_TB00195 i  4  tk  4 STYLE=superscript  14:  P2_TB00196 ' STYLE=superscript  4  l STYLE=superscript  l,  -  *  e  t STYLE=superscript  h  tit  i  cii  ,_  0 STYLE=superscript  tt  t't?  P2_TB00197 t4I"
