text
"IRELAND.  (FRO3I  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  FRIDAY.  COMMISSION  COURT.  Yesterday  the  jury  in  the  morning  kidnapping  case  were  discharged  without  a  verdict,  having  been  shut  up  27  hours.  Six  men  were  then  put  on  their  trial  for  riot,  assault,  and  illegally  carrying  away  crops  and  cattle.  The  facts  proved  that  the  dispute  was  a  family  one  about  land,  and  that  a  man  named  Ledwick  who  had  been  in  pos possession  session possession  was  publicly  driven  out,  and  treated  as  above  stated.  by  the  prisoners  with  a  mob  of  above  a  hundred  persons  hired  for  the  purpose.  The  occurrence  took  place  at  Lucan,  on  the  20th  of  last  month.  The  jury  found  the  prisoners  guilty,  with  a  recommendation  to  mercy.  Sentence  deferred,  Miss  Cantwell's  case  comes  an  the  first  thing  this  morning.  ELECTION  RELICS.—An  investigation  was  to  have  taken  place  the  other  day,  before  the  Balbriggan  magistrates,  into  a  charge  pref  erre  d'  by  Sub-inspector  Hayden  against  the  Hon.  Mr.  Preston,  to  the  effect  that  he  used  language  on  the  bench  calculated  t  o  b  r  i  ng  th  e  po  li  ce  i  n  t  o  di  sre  p  u  te  with  the  people,  The  Peconan  of  to-day  gives  the  language  in  question,  which  was  if  the  police  demanded  or  forced  admission  into  a  public-house  without  a  warrant,  they  would  be  liable  to  an  action  for  It  is  difficult  to  discover  how  an  accusation  could  be  made  out  of  such  an  expression  as  this,  but  the  Freeman  lets  out  the  secret.  It  was  nothing  more  than  a  mere  piece  of  spite,  got  up  by  a  few  orangcnten  against  Mr.  Preston,  who  was  the  proposer  of  one  of  tha  liberal  candidates  at  the  late  county  electiou,  When  the  case  came  on  for  inquiry  :  Mr.  G.  A.  Hamilton,  the  tory  candidate  for  the  University,  who  presided,  wished  to  have  the  proceedings  conducted  in  a  private  room  ;  but  th,  instructions  were  investigation  in  open  Mr:  Hamilton  Smythe,  Q.C.,  who  attended  for  Mr.  Preston,  declined  to  have  anything  to  do  with  hole-and-corner  pro proceedings,  ceedings, proceedings,  The  magistrates  would  do  as  they  wished  or  nothing  ;  and  so  the  matter  stands.  THE  Exllthrrrog.—There  were  yesterday,  over  seventeen  thousand  visitors,  and  £420  were  received  at  the  doors.  THE  VICEREGAL  COURT.—Their  Excellencies  the  Lord  Lieutenant  and  Countess  of  St.  Germans,  accompanied  by  Major  Ponsonby,  Captain  Harvey,  and  Captain  T.  Williams,  proceeded  from  the  King's-bridge  Terminus  to  Monastereven,  by  special  train,  on  Tuesday  evening  last,  on  a  visit  to  the  Marquis  and  Marchioness  of  Drogheda.  The  Viecrepl  party  will  return  to  Dublin  this  day,  by  the  Great  Southern  and  Western  Railway.  SIGNS  or  THE  MMES.—The  Galway  Packet,  under  this  head,  says  :--rlt  is  well  worthy  of  notice,  as  illustrating  a  decided  improvement  in  the  morals  and  character  of  the  people,  that,  at  the  late  Quarter  Sessions,  there  was  not  a  single  case  in  the  criminal  business  which  came  before  the  court  in  which  a  Connemara  person  was  connected—a  cir circumstance  cumstance circumstance  which  has  not  occurred  for  many  years.  This,  we  think,  speaks  volumes  for  the  good  resulting  from  the  Reformation  movement,  at  present  being  carried  on  in  that  hitherto  benighted  and  poverty-stricken  district.  SHIPWRECK  OF  AN  E3IIGRANT  VESSEL.—The  Connaught  _Ranger  says  :—An  American  ship,  with  a  large  number  of  passengers  from  Sligo,  has  been  forced  to  put  into  Broad Broadhaven  haven Broadhaven  or  Blacksod  Bay,  having,  we  understand,  her  masts  broken,  and  -in  other  respects  proving  herself  unseaworthy.  Report  has  it,  that  this  rotten  old  ship  was  lying  in  the  dock  of  Sligo,  a  useless  lumber  for  the  last  seven  years.  If  this  be  true,  we  congratulate  the  passengers  on  their  narrow  escape  from  a  watery  grave  ;  but  we  cannot  find  words  to  express  our  horror  of  those  who  sent  her  on  such  a  voyage,  freighted  with  human  beings.  We  understand,  Mr.  Miller,  the  Government  officer,  at  Westpost,  has  been  to  the  wreck.  PERILOUS  Acciums-r.—The  following  is  from  'Saunders  :  On  Monday  evening  an  occurrence  had  nearly  taken  place  whereby  the  lives  of  hundreds  might  have  been  lost.  As  the  quarter  to  five  train  from  Dublin  and  the  half-past  four  from  Kingstown  were  closely  approaching  the  crossing  near  the  mill  on  the  Dodder,  two  ladies  unaccompanied  by  a  driver,  were  driving  in  a  gig  to  Sandymount,  when  the  animal  took  fright  and  ran  away  in  a  most  furious  manner,  making  for  the  railway  crossing,  and  would  in  all  probability  have  dashed  in  on  the  line  were  it  not  for  the  courage  of  a  gentleman  who  had  observed  the  imminent  danger  all  parties  were  in  ;  he  stood  at  the  gate  and  succeeded  in  preventing  the  horse  from  forcing  an  entrance.  He  was  struck  by  the  vehicle  with  such  violence  as  knocked  him  nearly  insensible  on  the  railway,  and  had  only  half  a  minute  to  get  away  when  both  trains  passed  where  he  was  lying..  Had  the  gig  got  on  the  line  both  trains  would  have  closed  on  it,  the  ladies'  lives  would  have  been  sacrificed,  and  a  great  proba probability  bility probability  of  one  of  the  trains  being  overturned.  The  ladies  in  question  were—Mrs.  Major  Loftus  and  Miss  Loftus,  and  the  gentleman  who  saved  them,  under  Providence,  Mr.  Thomas  Doyle,  proprietor  of  the  Patent  Marble  Factory,  who  has  suffered  by  the  fall  some  injuries  in  the  shoulder.  LIMERICK  QUARTER  SESSIONS.  Wright  v.  Wallace.  It  will  be  in  the  recollection  of  our  readers  that  at  the  last  quarter  sessions,  Mr.  Richard  Wallace,  of  George's George'sstreet,  street, George'sstreet,  sued  Mr.  William  Wright,  of  same  street,  as  agent  of  what  proved  to  be  a  Insurance  Company,  desig designated  nated designated  The  Industrial  Life  Assurance,  and  Provident  So 'Society,'  to  recover  from  him  the  sums  of  £32  and  £25  125.,  amount  paid  as  premiums  upon  policies  of  insurance  effected  upon  the  life  of  a  gentleman  in  thin  neighbourhood.  The  evidence  given  upon  that  occasion  disclosed  the  fact  that  no  such  company  existed,  and  it  was  urged  that  Mr.  Wright  was  cognizant  of  the  fact  ;  but  this  not  having  been  proved  to  the  satisfaction  of  the  court,  the  case  was  then  dismissed  without  prejudice.  It  again  came  on  for  hearing  yesterday,  when  the  Assistant  Barrister  said  it  was  unneces unnecessary  sary unnecessary  to  examine  any  of  the  witnesses  who  had  been  produced  at  June  sessions.  Mr.  Pateman,  editor  of  the  Post  Magazine,  was  then  ex examined,  amined, examined,  and  proved  there  was  no  such  company  inexistence  as  that  which  had  been  represented  by  Mr.  Wright;  that  at  the  end  of  December,  or  beginning  of  January  last,  he  sent  copies  of  the  Post  Magazine,  exposing  the  nature  of  the  bubble  com company,  pany, company,  to  defendant,  under  an  article  headed  The  Murder  and  stated  with  respect  to  a  person  of  the  name  of  Deniston,  who  had  been  represented  as  principal  of  the  Industrial  Life  Assurance  and  Provident  he  (Deniston)  was  a  man  of  no  character,  having  been  sen sentenced  tenced sentenced  to  ten  years  transportation  for  forgery  at  the  suit  of  Mr.  T.  W.  Greene.  He  did  so  for  the  purpose  of  guarding  the  public  against  the  schemes  of  such  companies.  Letters  of  correspondence  between  111  r.  Wright  and  Mr.  Denison  were  put  in  to  show  that  Mr.  Wright  was  imposed  on  by  Deniston.  Mr.  Wright  swore  he  believed  the  company  to  have  been  a  bona  fide  one  when  he  undertook  the  agency  ;  and  that  he  remitted  the  money  he  got  from  Mr.  Wallace  to  London,  and  got  advices  from  Mr.  Deniston,  that  the  money  so  remitted  had  been  received  and  applied  to  the  politics  of  insurance  which  were  forwarded  to  him  for  the  parties  to  whom  they  were  executed.  Mr.  Wright  was  cross-examined  by  Mr.  John  Gleeson.  He  admitted  that  he  endeavoured  to  negotiate  a  transfer  with  these  policies  a  short  time:since  to  another  company,  the  Hope,  in  London  ;  that  he  had  been  in  London  since  ho  heard  of  Deniston's  character,  but  did  not  go  near  the  street  where  the  office  was.  fearing  that  whilst  this  action  was  pending,  he  might  be  prejudiced  by  so  doing.  The  Barrister  said  he  was  glad  the  case  had  again  come  before  him-for  adjudication,  fortified  as  it  was  with  the  addi additional  tional additional  evidence  of  Mr.  Pateman,  from  which  there  could  bo  no  possible  doubt  but  that  the  company  was  a  bubble  com company  pany company  ;  he  would  add  that  great  credit  was  due  to  Mr.  Pate Pateman  man Pateman  for  the  pains  he  took  in  exposing  its  fraudulent  charac character,  ter, character,  and  in  guarding  the  public  against  the  schemes  of  its  concoctors.  Though  there  was  a  good  deal  sufficiently  sus suspicious  picious suspicious  in  the  conduct  of  Mr.  Wright  to  justify  the  state statement  ment statement  that  had  been  made—the  evidence  to-day  was  not  cal calculated  culated calculated  to  alter  the  decision  he  had  before  given  in  this  case.  There  was  suspicion,  not  of  fraud  against  the  defendant,  but  gross  neglect  on  his  part  in  not  making  himself  thoroughly  acquainted  with  the  company.  Mr.  Wright  was  wrong  in  puffing  such  a  company  through  the  city,  in  inducing  respect respectable  able respectable  citizens  such  as  Mr.  Wallace  and  ethc,s  to  embark  their  money  and  lose  44.  116  worship  condemned  in  strong  terms  the  conduct  of  Mr.  Wright—adding  that  until  it  could  be  shown  he  had  a  guilty  knowledge  of  the  nature  of  the  trans transaction,  action, transaction,  he  could  not  give  a  decree  against  him  ;  but  there  was  sufficient  in  the  conduct  of  Wright  to  justify  the  annoy annoyance,  ance, annoyance,  trouble  and  expense  he  had  been  put  to.  And  if  it  were  in  his  (the  Barrister's)  power  to  make  him  refund  the  money  that  had  been  paid  by  Mr.  Wallace  he  would  40  50  ;  but  sitting  there  to  administer  the  Itvw  it  was  enacted  by  the  legislature,  he  could  not,  under  all  the  circumstances,  but  dismiss  the  case  on  the  merits  against  Mr.  Wright.  —  Limerick  Chronicle."
