text
"ble,  the  average  age  attained  in  these  329  cases,  was  only  thirteen  years  and  nine  months.  The  institution  being  situated  in  so  busy  a  part  of  Liverpool,  the  surgical  practice  is  of  necessity  very  considerable.  This  has  of  late  attracted  attention,  in  connection  with  the  cases  of  fracture  and  dislo dislocation,  cation, dislocation,  which  are  so  frequently  brought  to  the  Dispensary.  Within  the  last  six  months  96  cases  of  this  kind  have  been  received  at  the  establishment,  and  subsequently  attended  at  their  own  homes,  giving  rise  to  corresponding  expenditure  in  splints,  bandages,  straps;  and  other  surgical  materials  .  .  required  for  injuries  of  the  bones  and  joints.  The  cases  of  rupture,  one  of  the  most  serious  maladies  to  which  the  labouring  class,  but  more  particularly  hardworking  men,  are  liable,  have  been  very  numerous.  The  trusses  given  to  65  patients  of  this  class  would  have  been  a  source  of  considerable  expense  •  to  the  institution,  -  had  it  not  been  defrayed  by  private  contributions.  The  cases  of  stone  in  .the  bladder  have  gradually  increased  more  and  more  during  the  last  seven  years.  A.  number  of  patients  of  this  class,  after  recovery  from  the  operati  on  ,  were  l  as  t  year  pre presented  sented presented  to  the  committee.  Others  might  now  be  added.  The  number  of  cases  of  this  kind,  which  have  lately  been  brought  to  the  institution,  make  the  formation  of  a  small  hospital  in  connection  with  it,  more  than  ever  desirable.  Cases  of  disease  of  the  skin,.more  especially  treated  by  one  of  the  medical  officers  of  the  institution,  have  gradually  increased  during  the  last  five  years,  and  now  form  one  important  branch  of  its  practice..  -In  the  eye  and  ear  de department  partment department  2,085  patients  have  been  treated  during  the  past  year  ;  of  these,  78  were  cases  of  cataract,  a  disease  well  known  to  be  so  fatal  to  vision.  The  importance  of  the  institution,  in  connection  with  this  disease,  is  more  espe especially  cially especially  noticed  in  the  summer  months,  when  many  patients  from  distant  places  in  England,  Wales,  and  Ireland,  as  well  as  those  of  the  town  and  neighbourhood,  seek  relief  at  this  charity.  The  committee  have  to  regret  the  loss  durine  the  past  year  of  a  valued  friend  to  the  institution,  the  Venerable  Archdeacon  Brooks,  whose  name  is  connected  with  the  origin,  and  whose  beneficence  was  constantly  associated  with  the  progress  of  this  important  charity.  The  duties  of  the  house  surgeon  have  gradually  became  more  and  more  arduous,  and  their  amount  is  now  so  great,  that  any  one  officer  is  no  longer  equal  to  the  task;  so  that  it  is  found  requisite,  henceforth,  if  possible,  to  provide  an  assistant  house  s  urgeon,  which  will  of  necessity  lead  to  an  additional  outlay,  to  meet  which  a  corresponding  increase  in  the  annual  income  will  be  required.  As  the  usefulness  of  every  institution  of  this  nature  must  be  measured,  in  one  point  of  view,  by  its  pecuniary  resources,  the  com committee  mittee committee  would  recommend  to  their  successors  a  continuance  of  the  rigorous  economy  to  which  they  have  constantly  adhered,  as  well  as  a  systematic  plan  for  increasing  the  number  of  the  supporters  of  this  charity,  by  that  personal  exertion  which  they  have  felt  it  their  duty  at  all  times  to  make  in  its  favour.  The  treasurer's  account  showed  that  the  expenditure  of  the  year  had  been  £499  17s  Id,  and  the  balance  against  the  institution  had  been  reduced  from  £59  53,  last  year,  to  £t  1  14s  10d  this  year.  INSOLVENT  DEBTOR'S  COURT,  JAN.  23.—1  n  the  matter  of  Frederick  Johnston.  This  insolvent,  who  applied  to  be  discharged  from  prison,  was  opposed  by  Mr.  Dowse  for  Mrs.  Lydia  Howard,  and  supported  by  Mr.  Reed.  The  complaint  was  a  concealment  or  making  away  of  pro property.  perty. property.  In  about  six  months  of  the  insolvent  going  to  prison  he  had  received  nearly  8001.,  and  had,  he  alleged,  got  rid  of  it,  spending  a  good  deal  at  hotels.  He  was  foreman  to  an  upholsterer,  and  the  opposing  creditor  was  the  widow  and  executrix  of  her  late  husband,  who  had  kept  for  a  number  of  years  the  robing  room  at  West Westminster  minster Westminster  Hall.  He  had  borrowed  money  of  the  late  Mr.  Howard,  and  the  opposing  creditor  sued  the  insolvent  and  issued  a  writ  of  capias,  on  which  he  was  arrested.  The  Chief  Commissioner  declared  that  he  had  never  known  so  bad  a  case  in  so  small  a  compass,  and  pronounced  judg judgment  ment judgment  of  three  years  from  the  vesting  order  made  on  the  sth  July  last.  The  insolvent  had  during  his  examination,  treated  the  matter  with  perfect  indifference.  The  longest  period  is  seldom  given  by  the  court.  DEATH  FROM  JOY.—A  sad  and  affecting  instance  of  sud sudden  den sudden  death  occurred  at  Lowestoft  on  Tuesday  night.  Mr.  John  Burgess,  shoemaker,  of  this  town,  and  formerly  of  Southtown,  was  expecting  his  son  home  from  the  Crimea,  after  an  absence  of  between  three  and  four  years.  He  had,  we  believe,  been  disappointed  in  meeting  him  two  or  three  nights,  and  on  Tuesday  was  again  on  his  way  down  to  the  station  -to  meet  the  10  p.m.  train.  It  appears  that  the  train  had  arrived,  and  when  against  the  C,  ewn  Tree  , STYLE=superscript  l.  the  son  on  his  way  up  met  his  lather,  but  neither  appeared  fully  to  recognise  each  The  son  walked  on,  and  the  father  overtook  him,  looked  at  him,  and  passed  ahead  of  him,  not  even  then,  it  appears,  identifying  his  son,  mill  the  other  said,  Hold  hard,  father,  don't  be  in  a  hurry  when  he  stopped  and  said,  Good  God  !  is  that  you,  John  They  walked  on  together,  when  the  son  went  into  Waters'  beershop,  and  wished  his  father  to  go  forward  and  break  the  news  of  his  arrival  to  his  mother.  Observing  that  he  looked  pale  and  excited,  the  son  would  have  him  take  something,  but  he  did  not,  and  proceeded  to  inform  his  wife  of  the  arrival  of  their  son,  intending  to  go  back  to  the  son  and  again  return  home.  The  son  landing  he  did  not  come,  feared  his  mother  had  been  upset,  went  home  and  found  his  poor  father  a  corpse  on  the  floor,  who,  on  returning,  had  opened  the  door,  and  exclaimed,  Good  Grid  !  Maria,  John  and  fell  down  dead  before  finishing  the  sentence.  Mr.  Burgess  was  in  his  50th  year,  and  much  respected  in  his  native  town.—Bury  Post.  THE  STORY  OF  THE  WESTMINSTER  IMPROVEMENT  COM COMmrssioN.—Ten  mrssioN.—Ten COMmrssioN.—Ten  years  back  a  corporate  body  called  the  Westminster  Improvement  was  created  by  Act  of  Parliament.  Its  object  was  the  construction  of  Victoria-street,  to  form  a  communication  between  the  neighbourhood  of  the  Houses  of  Parliament  and  Buckingham  Palace,  and  it  was  endowed  with  advan advantages  tages advantages  which  gave  it  much  of  the  character  of  a  govern.  went  undertaking.  These  appear  to  have  comprised  an  unrestricted  power  of  borrowing  money,  coupled  with  grants,  out  of  the  London  Bridge  Approaches  Fund  and  the  improved  rates  of  the  parishes  in  Westminster:  From  1845,  when  their  Act  was  passed,  until  a  year  or  two  back,  little  was  publicly  heard  of  their  proceedings.  At  length  it  was  found  that  the  commissioners  had  been  issuing  bonds  to  builders  and  others  to  an  enor enormous  mous enormous  extent,  that  these  bonds  were  daily  becoming  adver advertised  tised advertised  by  various  holders  for  sale  upon  almost  any  terms,  and,  finally,  in  January,  1855,  that  the  com commission  mission commission  had  become  totally  insolvent.  Besides  the  means  thus  raised,  the  commissioners  are  alleged  to  have  mortgaged  the  freehold  property  of  the  undertak undertaking  ing undertaking  for  £271,500.  This  property  has  lately  been  valued,  and  is  stated  to  be  worth  but  £167,200.  Hence  there  is  not  enough  to  cover  the  mortgages,  and  consequently  at  present  not  a  farthing  for  the  bondholders.  It  seems,  however,  to  be  considered  that  about  .C  140,000  of  these  mortgages  would  probably  be  ignored  in  a  Court  of  Equity,  and  also  that,  as  two-thirds  of  the  ground  are  still  unbuilt  upon,  the  whole  would  come  into  greater  value  if  the  street  were  completed.  It  likewise  appears  that  under  the  Act  the  builders  on  the  estate  have  power  to  redeem  their  houses  by  paving  off  their  debts  either  in  money  or  bonds,  and  the  bonds,  therefore,  may  con continue  tinue continue  in  some  demand  for  that  purpose.  At  present,  it  is  understood,  they  are  selling  at  the  rate  of  about  £8  per  £lOO,  and,  as  owing  to  the  activity  with  which  they  have  been  spread  among  the  public  by  agents  who  were  offered  a  large  per  centage  for  recommending  them,  they  are  held  to  a  very  considerable  extent  by  profes professional  sional professional  persons,  clergymen,  widows,  and  others  ;  the  ruin  that  has  ensued  is  not  only  analagous  to  that  caused  by  the  case  of  Strahan  and  Paul,  but  far  more  severe,  since  the  amount  involved  is  £1,000,000  instead  of  £780,000,  and  the  prospect  of  recovery  only  8  per  cent.,  instead  of,  as  in  the  latter  case,  4s.  in  the  pound,  or  20  per  cent.  It  does  not  appear,  however,  that  any  serious  conse consequences  quences consequences  are  likely  to  fall  upon  the  commissioners  or  their  connexions,  beyond  the  trouble  of  resisting  in  their  cc  porate  capacity  a  Chancery  suit,  the  costs  and  delays  of  which  already  promise  to  add  heavily  to  the  losses  of  those  individual  bondholders  who  have  had  the  public  spirit  to  risk  the  penalties  of  such  a  contest."
