text
"THE  RIOTS  AT  WIGAN.  [FROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.]  WIGAN,  WEDNESDAY  NIGHT.  No  outbreak  has  occurred  since  yesterday,  although  _ap _apprehensions  prehensions _apprehensions  were  entertained  th  a  t  th  e  res  id  ence  of  Mr.  Peace,  (the  agent  of  the  Earl  of  Baleares)  and  other  master  colliers  would  be  attacked  last  night.  They  were  fortunately  guarded  during  the  whole  of  the  evening  by  the  military  and  the  police.  _  _  Up  to  nine  o'clock  last  night,  there  was  not  the  slightest  attempt  at  a  disturbance.  It  ought  also  to  be  stated  that  at  nine  o'clock  on  Tuesday  night,  about  one  hundred  rank  and  file  of  South  Lawrence  Hussars  (Sir  John  Gerard's  regiment)  arrived  at  Aspull  House,  the  residence  of  F.  S.  Gerard,  Esq.,  which  is  about  a-mile-and-a-half  from  the  Saw  Mill,  and  they  still  continue  on  duty  at  Aspull  to  be  ready  in  case  of  outbreak  in  that  neighbourhood.  This  morning,  two  bodies  of  turn-out  colliers  went  through  the  streets...of  Wigan,  each  party  with  a  cart  drawn  by  eight  or  ten  men.  They  stopped  opposite  provision,  grocery,  bakery,  and  other  shops,  while  two  or  three  of  the  colliers  went  in  to  ask  for  provisions  or  money.  The  shopkeepers  in  most  cases  acceded  to  the  request  of  the  men,  being  afraid  that  a  refusal  would  bring  mischief  upon  them.  In  the  course  of  the  day  the  magistrates  met  at  the  Public  Hall,  and  gave  instructions  that  this  intimidation  should  be  put  a  stop  to  at  once.  It  is  stated  that  the  colliers  in  the  employment  of  Messrs.  Y.  Blundell  and  Son,  Pimberton  (about  150  in  number)  went  to  work  yesterday  morning  at  the  old  prices,  it  being  understood  that  they  should  receive  an  advance  in  a  month.  At  noon  to-day,  the  six  rioters  in  custody  were  brought  up  at  the  Moot  Hall,  before  the  Mayor  and  a  full  bench  of  magistrates  for  further  examination.  Evidence  was  given  as  to  the  sacks  of  the  shop  of  Mr.  R.  Liptrot,  provision  dealer,  the  stealing  of  a  portion  of  the  contents,  and  the  return  of  the  mob  down  Standishgate  to  the  end  of  Church-street,  where  they  were  dispersed  by  the  police  who  came  up.  It  was  proved  that  Baker  was  one  of  the  mob,  and  ran  into  a  house  when  the  police  came,  and  that  he  had  some  of  the  stolen  tea,  &amp;c.,  in  his  pocket.  Birchall  was  caught  running  away,  and  he  pulled  three  stones  out  of  his  pocket  and  threw  them  down.  Some  sugar,  biscuits,  &amp;c.,  were  found  upon  Hughes  and  Lacy,  but  the  special  constables  who  searched  them  mixed  the  whole  articles  together,  and  could  not  swear  that  any  particular  article  was  taken  from  'either  of  them.  There  was  no  evi evidence.  dence. evidence.  against  Clayton  and  Norris,  who  were  discharged  ;  Hughes  and  Lacy  were  remanded  to  Friday;  Birchall  was  bound  over  to  keep  the  peace  for  twelve  months  ;  and  Baker  was  committed  to  the  Sessions.  THE  ANTI-STATE  -CHURCH  CONFERENCE  iS  to  meet  at  the  London  Tavern  to  day.  The  Executive  Committee  will  furnish  a  report,  reviewing  the  operations  of  the  Asso Association  ciation Association  during  the  last  three  yeaes,  and  the  ecclesiastical  event  occurring  within  that  period,  and  furnishing  sugges suggestions  tions suggestions  relative  to  the  future  conduct  of  movement.  Papet  s  will  be  read  by  Mr.  Miall,  M.P.,  on  the  present  aspect  of  the  question  in  relation  to  Parliament  ;  and  by  Mr.  Kings Kingsley,  ley, Kingsley,  descriptive  of  the  recent  efforts  of  the  committee  in  Manchester  and  the  neighbourhood.  Resolutions  were  sub submitted  mitted submitted  on  the  following  topics  :—The  Regium  Donum;  the  Clergy  Reserves  (Canada,)  and  Ecclesiastical  matters  in  the  Colonies  generally  ;  Church  Rates  ;  Ecclesiastical  affairs  on  the  Continent  ;  the  present  condition  of  the  Church  of  England,  and  the  policy  of  the  Association  as  affected  by  it;  Organization  ;  Finances.  The  constitution  of  the  society  will  undergo  revision,  and  the  council,  committee,  and  o-ffi  cers  be  elected.  EMPORIUM  for  FOREIGN  and  BRITISH  SHAWLS  AND  MANTLES,  BOLD-STREET  J.  MACLENNAN  begs  to  intimate  that  he  is  now  SHOWING  his  new  STOCK  of  WINTER  SHAWLS  and  MANTLES,  and  would  draw  especial  attention  to  the  MANTLE  Department,  which  is  unusually  large  and  well  assorted,  both  in  Styles  and  Materials,  having  made  arrange arrangements  ments arrangements  with  a  first-class  Paris  House  to  send  all  Novelties  as  soon  as  they  appear  in  Paris.  N.B.—An  inspection  is  invited,  and  on  no  account  will  any  lady  be  importuned  to  purchase,  but  will  meet  with  the  greatest  civility.  Yesterday,  the  Lord  Mayor  elect  of  London,  (Alderman  Sidney),  accompanied  by  the  Recorder,  the  -Sheriffs,  and  several  members  of  the  Court  of  Aldermen,  was  presented  to  the  Lord  Chancellor,  at  his  residence  in  Upper  Brook  Street,  Grosvenor,  square.  The  civic  cortege  having  been  formally  introduced  to  the  Lord  Chancellor  by  the  Recorder,  his  lordship  was  pleased  to  signify  her  Majesty's  approval  of  the  choice  of  the  livery.  A  silver  eel,  Measuring  three  feet  five  and  seven seveneights  eights seveneights  inches  in  length,  and  eight  inches  in  circumference  at  'the  largest  part,  and  weighing  three  and  a  half  pounds,  was  taken  frora  the  Croton  water  pipe,  in  NOW  York,  lately."
