text
"NORTHERN  TIMES.-LIVERPOOL  MONDAY,  JANUARY  28,  1858.  eturn  shows  that  the  price  of  wheat  n  all  France  has  , STYLE=superscript  declined  within  the  last  month  official  I'  M.  Massino  Azeglios  has  been  nominated  Sar Sardinian  dinian Sardinian  Ambassador  for  the  Conferences,  and  Count  Buol  is  to  act  for  Austria.  The  Italian  ,  papers  say,  that  in  consequence  of  the  prospects  of  peace,  recruiting  foi  the  Italian  Legibn  has  been  sus-  pended  PARIS,  THURSDAY  EVENING  AMERICA.  ARRIVAL  OF  THE  CANADA.  The  British  and  North  American  Royal  Mail  steamer  Canada,  Capt.  .  Lang,  arrived  in  the  Mersey  last  night  from  Boston  and  Halifax,  bringing  77  passengers,  and  dates  from  New  York  to  the  15th,  Boston  to  the  16th,  and  Halifax  to  the  16th  inst.  The  steamerAtlantie,  from  Liverpool,  arrived  out  at  New  York  on  Suniay  the  13th.  The  steamer  *Errieson,  froth  Southatipton,  had  ano  arrived  out  at  New  York.  There  had  been  'very  little  change  in  the  aspect  of  affairs.  There  had  been  a  scarcity  of  money,  and  the  rates  of  interest  still  ruled  high.  The  last  return  of  the  New  York  City  Banks  showed  a  much  More  favourable  result  in  regard  to  specie  than  was  anticipated.  The  generally  looked.  for  500,000  dols.  to  700,000  dols.  decrease,  while  the  result  showed  a  gain  of  about  90,000  dols.  The  movement  outward  in  specie  had  been  lest  active  than  during  the  previous  week,  and  about  one onehalf  half onehalf  the  5Q5,000  dols  paid  by  the  State  of  Illinois  on  its'  debt  in  gold  was  received..  There  werb  also  other  receipts  froni  the  West  during  the  last  days  of  the  Week.  The  loans  still  show  an  expansion,  bat  not  to  any  important  extent.  The  deposits,  show  nominally  a  falling  off  of  5,600,000  dole.,  but  a  portion  of  this  is  due  to  the  decrease  in  the  clearing-house  transactions,  and  much  of  the  re remainder  mainder remainder  to  the  distribution  of  money  by  the  pay payment  ment payment  of  interest  and  dividends.  The  comparison  with  last  week  is—  an  an.  t;  Loans  and  Dis•  Specie.  Citalatioit.  Deposits.  Dols.  Dca.  Dols.  Dols.  ..ph  86s3b()  11.667.909  7,903,656  83  ;  534,893  ..96,145,401  11,777  711  7,612  507  77,931,498  Increase.  Decrease  -  The  Cotton  market  had  not  been  very  active,  but  prices  showed  no  m  a  t  er  i  a  l  change.  Breadstuffs  were  heavy,  and  prices  had  declined  50e  per  bushel  for  wheat.  Exchange  on  London  was  quoted  at  1071  to  1081,  but  without  much  doing.  The  proceedings  in  Congress  had  been  unim unimportant.  portant. unimportant.  The  house  of  representatives  had  not  - STYLE=superscript  yet  elected  a  speaker.  The  Washington  advices  again  report  that  the  American  government  had  demanded  the  recal  of  Mr.  Crampton,  the  British  minister,  and  yet  we  find  that  on  the  11th  he  was  present  at  the  Presi President's  dent's President's  dinner  party.  The  New  York  Herald  says—  It  is  reported  that  the  administration  has  sent  out  to  the  London  Cabinet  a  positive  demand  for  the  recall  of  Mr.  Crampton,  the  British  Anlbassador  at  Washington,  and  declares  its  purpose,  in  the  event  of  a  non-coiiipliance  with  its  exactions,  promptly  to  withdraw  the:exequaturs  of  Mr.  Crampton,  Mr.  Barclay,  Mr.  Mathew,  and  Mr.  ltowcroft,  implicated  in  the  violation  of  our  neutrality  laws,  by  enlistments  for  the  British  army  in  the  Crimea.  In  reference  to  Central  American  affairs,  a  Wash Washington  ington Washington  correspondent  writes:—  It  is  reported  here,  with  an  air  of  truth,  that  England,  rather  than  engage  in  a  war  with  the  United  States,  on  the  Central  American  question,  will  recede  from  her  assumed  protectorate  over  the  Bay  Islands  and  the  Mosquito  King Kingdom.  dom. Kingdom.  It  was  incorrectly  reported  here  that  tte  last  dis dispatches  patches dispatches  sent  to  England  were  through  Mr.  Crampton.  If  any  have  been  sent  recently,  they  went  through  the  regular  channel.  The  .Washington  advices  of  the  15th  state  that  it  is  not  true  that  a  treaty  of  alliance  offensive  and  defensive  has  been  concluded  between  the  United  States  and  Russia.  It  is  that  the  report  probably  sprung  from  the  fact  that  Russia  has  sub submitted  mitted submitted  to  the  American  government  a  draft  of  a  treaty  of  amity  and  commerce,  The  New  York  papers  are  filled  with  the  parti particulars  culars particulars  of  a  tremendous  snow  storm,'  which  had  caused  much  damage  to  property  and  shipping.  The  Albion  says  New  York  is  abandoned  to  sleighing,  and  the  mercury  in  the  thermonrters  round  about  us  has  dipped  down  five  or  six  degrees  below  zero.  Of  the  derangement  of  travellers  and  mailbags,  every  one  has  some  story  to  tell  ;  but  we  did  not  expect  to  hear  that  the  stoppage  had  par partially  tially partially  extended  to  ocean  traffic.  But  it  hes  been.  The  steamers  Star  of  the  West  and  Empire  City  had  arrived  at  NeW  York  with  over  two  million  of  dollars  from  California,  and  dates  to  the  20th  nit.  The  news  from  California  is  unimportant.  'lnc  intelligence  of  the  most  importance  is  that  from  Oregon  and  Washington.  In  both  territories  some  hard  fighting  with  the  Indians  has  taken  place,  accompanied  with  considerable  loss  of  life.  The  details  of  the  actions  are  painfully  interesting.  It  will  also  be  seen  that  Gen.  Wool  is  placed  in  a  very  unfortunate  position,  having  no  power  to  raise  volunteer  troops.  There  is  nothing  par particularly  ticularly particularly  important  from  the  Sandwich  Islands.  The  arrival  of  the  frigate  Potomac  at  San  Juan  had  given  rise  to  considerable  speculation  as  to  the  designs  of  the  United  States  government  in  that  quarter.  Throughout  Nicaragua  everything  was  quiet.  There  were  reports  that  Ramon  Rivas  had  organized  a  band  for  the  purpose  of  attacking  the  Transit  Company's  steamer  on  the  lake  and  taking  possession  of  it.  Prompt  measures  had  been  taken  to  frustrate  the  scheme.  To  this  circumstance,  perhaps,  may  be  attributed  the  reports  recently  published  of  a  revolt  against  the  constituted  authorities.  The  reported  lauding  of  Capt.  Zermon  and  a  party  of  filibusters  at  Cape  .  San.  Lucas  is  corroborated  282,018  294,159  5,603,395  From  Central  America  we  have  files  of  papers.  General  Walker's  army  consisted  of  about  four  hundred  men,  who  were  under  good  discipline,  and  in  excellent  spirits.  Some  deaths  had  already  occurred  amongst  his  troops,  and  Colonel  Gillman,  Captain  Davidson,  and  a  couple  of  other  officers,  were  much  regretted.  An  order  from  the  war  department  promoted  several  deserving  soldiers  to  higher  commissions,  in  consequence  of  the  decease  of  these  gentlemen.  The  entire  force  had  attended  at  church,  and  the  general  had  graced  a  military  ball  with  his  presence..  In  Granada  house  rent  was  going  up,  in  consequence-  of  the  daily  return  of  native  families.  Colonel  Wheeler,  the  United  States  minister,  had  been  complimented  by  an  address  from  the  Americans  resident  in  that  city.  An  American  hotel  was  much  wanted,  and  would  be  well  patronised.  Major  Schlesinger,  of  Cuban  celebrity,  gives  a  succinct  account  of  his  experience  previous  to  his  embarking  and  after  he  was  on  board  of  the  steamship  Northern  Light,  on  the  occasion  of  her  famous  run  out  of  this  port  for  Nicaragua.  Owing  to  the  activity  of  the  United  States  officials,  the  Major  —like  the  late  Louis  Philippe,  when  in  a  difficulty  —had  to  sacrifice  his  whiskers  and  moustache,  but,  according  to  his  own  acocount,  did  not  take  cold,  and  felt  in  good  health  and  spirits  at  San  Juan.  Colonel  Kinney  was  en encouraging  couraging encouraging  the  cultivation  of  yams,  and  hoped  that  cotton  would  be  raised  successively  in  his  colony.  The  Chontales  and  other  gold  mines  of  Nicaragua  were  attracting  much  attention.  Walker's  chief  of  commissariat  had  advertised  for  contracts  for  army  supplies.  These  reports,  direct  from  Nicaragua,  of  church  services,  halls,  incjease  of  house houseproperty  property houseproperty  value,  army  contracts  and  promotions,  gold  mines,  and  yam  and  cotton  cultivation,  flatly  contradict  our  late  Washington  advices  on  the  prospects  of  Central  America.  A  large  fleet  of  United  States  and  British  men-of-war  were  expected  at  San  Juan.  Our  Vera  Cruz  dates  confirm  the  accounts  already  received  as  to  the  melancholy  condition  of  Mexico.  Disorganization,  robberies,  murders,  and  popular  discontent  prevailed  all  over  the  re republic.  public. republic.  The  Comonfort  cabinet  gave  tolerable  satis satisfaction,  faction, satisfaction,  but  it  was  thought  that  the  President  would  not  hold  the  reins  of  power  long.  The  true  liberal  party  was  at  work  in  favour  of  General  Almonte  and  his  system  of  government.  General  Yanez,  Corn  onfort's  war  minister,  was  on  his  way  form  Sonora  to  the  capital.  Yanez,  as  welti  as  the  majority  of  his  official  colleagues,  is  a-moderate  liberal.  The  measure  of  Alvarez  for  doing  a  wa  y  with  the  clergy  and  army  exemptions,  was  causing  much  dissatisfaction  wherever  its  enforcement  was  attempted.  When  the  military  were  employed  in  posting  the  proclamation  referring  to  it  in  Puebla,  they  were  attacked  by  the  people,  and  many  killed  on  either  side.  General  Comonfort  had  ordered  two  thousand  five  •  hundred  men  to  march  on  Puebla  and  subdue  it.  It  was  thought  that  Vera  Cruz  would  soon  pronounce  in  favour  of  Robles  :  General  Uraga  had  refused  a  post  in  the  new  ministry,  COMMERCIAL  INTELLIGENCE,  MONEY  AND  STocKs.—Notwithstanding  the  heavy  dis disbursements  bursements disbursements  for  interest,  &amp;c.,  during  the  last  two  weeks,  and  the  important  addition  to  the  floating  capital  resulting  therefrom,  the  large  receipts  of  gold  from  California,  and  the  total  suspension  of  specie  payments  to  Europe,  the  demand  for  money,  although  less  pressing  than  at  the  close  of  the  year,  continues  Wive.  There  is  a  considerable  drain  of  specie  to  the  interior,  and  the  activity  of  the  import  trade  absorbs  *slave  amount  of  coin  in  the  payment  of  duties-  The  year  opened  with  considerable  buoy buoyancy  ancy buoyancy  in  the  stock  market,  based  upon  the  rather  pacific  tone  of  the  President's  Message  and  the  expectation  of  an  immediate  relief  from  the  pressure  in  money  matters,  which,  during  the  previous  week,  had  thrown  a  large  amount  of  cash  stock  upon  the  market  and  produced  a  general  down downward  ward downward  tendency  in  prices.  The  upward  movement,  however,  was  soon  checked  by  the  continued  scarcity  of  money,  and,  with  a  few  exceptions,  the  annexed  list  of  prices  shows  but  slight  changes  from  those  given  in  our  last  report,  24th  ult.  Our  present  quotations  are  in  many  instances  ex exdividend.  dividend. exdividend.  The  letter  re  is  prefixed  to  the  price  of  each  of  the  securities  to  which  this  remark  applies.  13usiness  in  State  stocks  is  limited.  Virginia  sixes  have  declined  1,  and  Alissouris  8  per  cent.  Sales  of  New  York  fives,  1874,  have  been  made  to  some  extent  at  102.  The  States  of  Illinois  paid,  oe  inst,  500,000  d  o  h  on  account  of  principil,  and  2  per  Cent  interest  on  the  Illinois  Internal  Improvetnent  Stock  of  1347.  There  is  a  moderate  demand  for  a  few  descriptions  of  city  and  county  bonds,  at  slightly  improved  prices.  For  railroad  securities  the  market  is  without  animation.  The  transactions  for  the  last  few  days  have  been  comparatively  snail,  and  although  there  is  less  disposition  to  force  salts  on  time,  in  anticipation  of  a  decline,  prices  have  rather  a  eownward  tendency  at  the  close,  the  accounts  per  Atlantic  teing  eonstrued  unfavourably.  CAMMANN  &amp;  Co."
