text
"FIRE  BRANCH,  FIRE  INSURANCES  will  be  effected  at  moderate  rates  of  Premium.  The  Company,  having  the  advantage  of  a  Resident  Directory,  will  be  enabled  to  distinguish  itself  by  its  promptness  in  the  settlement  of  Claims.  No  charge  made  for  the  Policy.  LIFE  BRANCH.  The  Company  likewise  assure  Lives  on  any  of  the  fol following  lowing following  contingencies  :  viz  ~  For  the  WHOLE  CONTINUANCE  or  DEB.—The  Premiums  to  cease  after  a  LIMITED  NUMBER.  Or  ANNUAL  PAYMENTS.  For  a  Sum  to  be  payable  at  age  60,  or  at  death.  PREMIUMS  ON  CREDIT.  A  PORTION  OF  THE  PREMIUMS  MAY  RE REMAIN  MAIN REMAIN  ON  CREDIT,  OR  ASSURANCES  MAY  BE  EFFECTED  IN  VARIOUS  WAYS,  NOT  ENU ENUMERATED.  MERATED. ENUMERATED.  TO  MEET  THE  CONVENIENCE  OF  THE  PARTY  MAKING  THE  ASSURANCE.  The  important  advantages  afforded  by  the  Company  in  this  Branch  will  include  the  following  :  GUARANTEE  OF  AN  AMPLE  CAPITAL,  MODERATE  PREMI PREMIUMS,  UMS, PREMIUMS,  LARGE  PARTICIPATION  OF  PIDFITS  BY  THE  ASSURED,  SMALL  CHARGE  FOR  MANAGEMENT,  &amp;c.  The  usual  commission  allowed  to  Solicitors.  Fees  to  Medical  Referees  are  likewise  granted  by  this  Company.  PERCY  M.  DOVE,  Manager.  POLICIES  fallino  clue  at  MICHAELMAS  should  be  renewed  on  or  before  the  14th  of  October  next.  24th  September,  1853.  TO  WAREHOUSE-KEEPERS  AND  OTHERS.  117  - STYLE=superscript  ANTED,  by  the  Select  Vestry  of  this  Parish,  a  WAREHOUSE,  or  other  BUILDING,  adaptable  for  use  as  a  Hospital  for  Cholera  Patients.  Parties  having  such  premises  to  let,  are  requested  to  notify  the  same,  with  the  terms,  in  writing,  to  the  undersigned,  as  speedily  as  possible.  _  By  order,  CHARLES  HART,  •  Vestry  Clerk  of  the  said  Parish  PARISH  OFFICES,  BROWNLOW  HILL,  •  29th  September,  1853.  A  T  a  numerous  MEETING  of  the  OWNERS  11..  and  OCCUPIERS  of  PROPERTY,  likely  to  be  affected  by  the  High  Level  Bridge  over  Byrom-street,  held  at  the  Bull  Hotel,  on  Thursday,  Sept.  29th,  1853,  Mr.  ROBERTSON  in`the  Chair.  It  was  mored  by  Mr.  MEDLEY,  seconded  by  Mr.  ADAM-  SON,  and  resolved  unanimously  That  a  Committee  be  now  formed  to  oppose,  by  all  legal  means,  the  plan  of  a  high  level  bridge  over  Byrom-street,  as  likely  to  be  most  injurious  to  the  owners  aid  occupiers  of  property,  in  Byrom-street,  Dale-street,  Old  Haymarket,  Whitechapel,  and  other  streets,  interfered  with  by  the  pro proposed  posed proposed  Moved  by  Mr.  GOODACRE,  seconded  by  Mr.  COOK,  and  re resolved  solved resolved  unanimously;---  That  a  Memorial  to  the  Town  Council  be  prepared,  and  signatures  obtained,  for  the  improvement  of  Shaw's  Brow  by  other  means  than  the  High  Level  Bridge,  whereby  the  adjacent  property  may  not  be  shut  out  from  receiving  such  advantages  as  from  its  situation  it  is  fairly  entitled  At  an  ADJOURNED  MEETING,  held  on  Friday  Even Evening,  ing, Evening,  the  30th,  It  was  moved  by  Mr.  FORD,  seconded  by  Mr.  HALL,  and  resolved  unanimously  ;---  That  the  following  Memorial  be  presented  to  the  Town  Council  :  To  THE  WORSHIPFUL  THE  MAYOR,  ALDERMEN,  AND  TOWN  COUNCILLORS  OF  THE  BOROUGH  OF  LIVER'FOOI  We,  the  undersigned  Owners  and  Occupiers  of  Property  situate  in  Dale-street,  Byrom-street,  Old  Haymarket,  and  Whitechapel,  though  fully  concurring  in  the  very  general  desire  for  the  improvement  of  the  approach  to  the  Town  Hall  from  London-road,  view  with  alarm  the  Report  of  your  Improvement  Committee  in  favour  of  a  High  Level  Road  over  Byrom-street.  The  undersigned  believe  that  the  pro proposed  posed proposed  Viaduct  will  bar  any  future  improvement  of  the  pro property  perty property  on  the  low  level  ;  that  it  is  unnecessary,  will  be  un unsightly,  sightly, unsightly,  and  very  expensive.  Ist.—Unnecessary;  because,  as  shown  in  the  Report  to  the  Architectural  Society,  it  is  quite  practicable  to  alter  the  gradients  of  Shaw's  Brow,  and  Dale-street,  so  as  to  reduce  the  inclination  of  the  brow  to  that  of  Ranelagh-street,  or  to  less  than  that  of  London-road,  between  Lime-street  and  the  Monument  :  and  it  appears  to  the  undersigned,  in  the  words  of  that  report,  that  such  an  alteration  of  the  gradients  be  less  prejudicial  than  the  erection  of  a  Bridge  to  the  adjoining  property,  most  of  which  is  in  a  condition  to  render  an  early  re-building  requisite  to  adapt  it  to  the  changing  character  of  the  locality  ;  and  the  raising  of  By Byrom-street  rom-street Byrom-street  is  further  advantageous,  as  it  would  tend  to  improve  the  present.  defective  drainage,  resulting  from  the  lowness  of  its  _  _  As  this  Report  emanated  from  a  committee,  comprising  some  of  the  most  distinguished  Architects  and  Builders  in  he  town  tik  thmen  whose  daily  avocaews  givegreat  value  to  the  unbiassed  opinions  they  may  pronounce  on  a  sub-  ject  of  this  nature—the  undersigned  hope  that  it  will  have  its  due  influence  on  the  deliberations  of  the  Town  Council.  2nd.—The  proposed  erection  must  necessarily  be  very  UNSIGHTLY  to  all  who  frequent  the  streets  on  the  lower  level,  as  it  will  be  a  constant  receptacle  for  nuisances,  and  for  disorderly  characters.  The  Railway  Bridge  in  Leeds-street  partially  exemplifies  the  evils  such  erections  promote  ;  and  Manchester  and  other  towns,  intersected  by  Railways,  and  the  old  town  of  Edinburgh,  furnishes  still  stronger  evidence  of  the  same  kind.  It  will  also  be  unsightly,  because,  as  it  must  be  kept  low,  it  will  bar  the  view  along  the  streets  on  the  lower  level  running  north  and  south,  and  give  them  a  confined  aspect;  and  it  appears  to  the  undersigned  that  re reference  ference reference  to  other  towns  will  show  that,  where  two  streets  cross  on  different  levels,  the  street  on  the  lower  level  always  becomes  appropriated  to  an  inferior  description  of  business,  and,  consequently,  property  therein  is  made  of  less  value  than  in  the  street  on  the  higher  level.  •  .  3rd.—That  the  proposed  New  Street  will  be  very  EY.  PBNSIYE,  is  shown  by  th  e  amoun  t  w  hi  c  h  ,  as  appears  f  rom  the  published  proceedings  of  the  town  Council,  it  is  esti estimated  mated estimated  to  cost.  But  compensation  for  injury  to  property  is  a  difficnit  subject  for  investigation,  whilst  that  to  business  is  almost  incalculable,  even  by  the  parties  personally  interes interested,  ted, interested,  who  have  often  found  that  the  compensation  awarded  is  wholly  inadequate  to  the  loss  of  numerous  apparent  trifles,  whose  sum  make  up  a  considerable  portion  of  the  value  of  the  business.  The  undersigned  have  high  authority  for  believing  that  the  estimated  amount  for  building,  compensation  and  purchase  of  land  is  wholly  inadequate  for  the  injury  that  will  be  sustained  by  the  property  running  north  and  south  ;  injury  that  will  be  entirely  unmitigated  by  any  advantage  conferred  by  the  proposed  'Viaduct  ;  and,  as  Rate-payers  of  the  Borough,  they  distinctly  protest  against  any  such  appropriation  of  the  Public  Funds;  an  appropriation  which  will  inflict  much  injury  on  the  under undersigned,  signed, undersigned,  without  producing  any  adequate  benefit  to  the  community  at  large.  The  proposed  Viaduct  is  further  objectionable  on  sanitary  drounds,  as  it  will  imped  e  th  e  f  ree  c  i  rcu  l  a  ti  on  o  f  a  i  r  up  an  d  own  the  streets  on  the  lower  level,  and  will  make  them  more  confined,  when,  from  their  disadvantageous  position,  these  streets  should  be  opened  up,  as  much  as  possible  on  every  side.  For  these  reasons,  your  Memorialists  hope  that  the  Town  Council  will  abandon  all  intention  of  carrying  out  the  pro proposed  posed proposed  High  Level  Street,  and  will  make  such  improvements  as  will  benefit  the  inhabitants  at  large,  without  inflicting  any  serious  injury  on  prope  r  ty  a  n  d  i  n  t  eres  t  s  i  n  so  central  and  important  a  locality.  _  T.  H.  ROBERTSON,  Chairman.  W.  B.  BAIRSTOW,  }  Secretaries,  J.  HOBBS,"
