text
"WM.  WILLIAMS,  ESTATE  AGENT,  47,  Ranehigh  Street,  in  gratefully  acknowledging  the  extensive  patronage  he  has  received  for  upwards  of  25  years,  begs  to  announce  that  he  has  Opened  an  additional  Office  in  the  New  Range,  Hackin's-hey,  two  doors  from  Dale-street,  where  a  list  of  the  most  Eligible  Property  can  always  be  furnished  to  Capitalists  and  others  requiring  good  Investments.  W.  W.  has  ON  SALE  an  ESTATE,  with  300  Acres  of  LAND,  in  Wales  ;  a  splendid  modern-built  MANSION,  about  three  miles  from  the  Exchange  ;  a  Detached  Country  RESIDENCE,  near  the  Dingle,  Toxteth-Park  ;  Two  DITTO,  at  Seaforth  ;  One  DITTO,  Lodge-lane,  with  45,000  Yards  of  LAND  ;  26  Acres  of  LAND,  with  Two  HOUSES  erected  thereon,  about  Three  Miles  from  Town  ;  and  10,000  Yards  of  LAND  in  Fulwood-park.  TO  be  LET,  a  few  excellent  DWELLING-HOUSES,  with  several  HOUSES  and  SHOPS,  in  some  of  the  Principal  Streets;  also,  a  few.  eligible  OFFICES,  in  the  New  Range,  Ilackin's-hey.  Further  Particulars  may  be  had  on  application  to  47,  Ranelagh-street  ;  or,  No.  3,  Hackin's-hey,  Liverpool.  CONSULT  the  Old  Medical  Practitioner  for  the  speedy  and  effectual  cure  of  every  stage'  and  symptom  of  Nervous  Debility,  Depression  of  Spirits,  Indiges Indigestion,  tion, Indigestion,  Delusions  of  the  mind,  Skin  Diseases,  &amp;c.  &amp;c.,  Messrs.  _LEWIS  &amp;  CO.,  Consulting  Surgeons,  4  4  -NELSON  STREET,  GEORGE'S  SQUARE,  LIVERPOOL,  where  the  afflicted  may  apply  with  confidence,  as  we  have  had  32  years  successful  practice  in  all  the  above  diseases.  Hours  of  Attendance,  from  9  in  the  morning  till  9  at  night,  and  Sundays  from  9  till  2.  Private  entrance  to  the  Surgery,  1,  Bailey  St.  off  Grenville  street.  DR.  Lnwis's  Medical  Work,  Price  Is.,  or  free  by  Post  ls.  6d.,  can  be  had  from  the  Authors  Residence,  44,  Nelson  Street,  Great  George's  Square,  Liverpool.  THE  OF  DISCORD.—The  Vienna  Note.—  Diogenes.  The  men  employed  on  the  Scottish  Central  Rail Railway  way Railway  now  wear  beards  as  protection  against  the  inclemency  of  the  weather,  and,  finding  it  benecial,  have  issued  a  circular  recommending  its  adoption  by  all  railway  officials.  NEWSPAPERS  AND  ADVERTISEMENTS.  From  Mr•  Williams's  late  return  to  the  House  of  Commons,  it  appears  that  in  1851  the  stamp  duty  on  newspapers  and  advertise advertisements  ments advertisements  amounted  to  £362,224  ;  in  1852,  to  £396,514  ;  and  in  1853,  (year  ended  the  sth  of  January,)  to  £594,152,  A  QUESTION  FOR  THE  CHANCELLOR  OF  THE  EXCHEQUER.  —When  the  Chancellor  acknowledges  in  the  Times  the  re receipt  ceipt receipt  of  conscience  above  £2,  is  he  not  bound  to  affix  a  penny  receipt  stamp  to  every  copy  of  the  paper?—  Iliogenes.  DUTY  ON  SPIRITS.—It  is  shown  by  a  Parliamen Parliamentary  tary Parliamentary  paper  (obtained  by  Mr.  W.  Williams,  M.P.)  recently  issued,  that  in  the  year  ended  the  sth  of  January  last  the  duty  on  spirits  was—on  foreign,  £1,477,904;  on  British,  £6,226,736;  and  on  Rum,  £1,103,584.  A  NEW  WAR  ROCKET.—We  understand  that  an  extensive  order  has  been  received  by  the  authorities  of  the  Royal  Arsenal  for  the  completion  of  a  large  quantity  of  war  rockets,  on  an  entirely  new  principle,  and  which  are  ex expected  pected expected  to  supersede  those  formerly  in  use.  In  consequence  of  this,  a  number  of  hands  are  to  be  entered  in  the  course  of  next  week.—Kentish  Mercury.  EMIGRATION  FROM  GERMANY.—In  the  month  of  September,  2,048  emigrants  left  the  port  of  Hamburg  for  America  and  Australia  direct,  and  1,402  proceeded  from  that  port  by  way  of  Hull  and  Liverpool.  This  makes  a  total  of  3,450  German  emigrants  from  Hamburg  alone.  Of  this  number,  3,158  were  bound  for  North  American  ports,  4  for  Rio  de  J  aneiro,  and  290  for  Melbourne,  Sydney,  and  Port  Adelaide.—Hamburg  Hansa.  _  _  A  BURNING  SniuwE.—We  observe  that  the  several  compa companies  nies companies  contemplate  raisng  the  price  of  gas.  Whether  this  de determination  termination determination  has  been  come  to  after  a  consultation  on  Coke,  or  whether  it  is  the  result  of  a  series  of  meteings,  we  are  not  aware  ;  but  certainly  any  advance  in  the  price  of  gas  is  a  erious  matter  to  the  public,  however  much  the  various  com-  Banjos  may  presume  to  make  light  of  it.—Diogenes.  OMER  PACHA.—The  Journal  des  Debats  gives  the  following  details  relative  to  Omer  Pacha,  who  commands  the  army  of  the  Danube  Omer  Pacha  is  an  Austrian  subject;  he  is  a  native  of  Croatia.  He  was  born  in  1801,  at  Vlaski,  a  village  situate  in  the  circle  of  Ogulini,  thirteen  leagues  from  Fiume.  His  family  name  is  Lattas.  His  father  was  lieutenant  administrator  of  the  circle  ;  his  uncle  was  a  priest  of  the  United  Greek  Church.  Admitted,  when  very  young,  into  the  School  of  Mathematics  of  Tharm,  near  Carlstadt,  in  Transylvania,  after  having  completed  his  studies  - STYLE=superscript  with  distinction,  the  young  Lattas  entered  the  corps  of  the  Ponts  et  Chaussees,  which,  in  Austria  is  organized  on  a  military  footing.  In  1830,  in  consequence  of  a  misunder misunderstanding  standing misunderstanding  with  his  superiors,  he  left  for  Turkey,  and  embraced  Islamism.  Khosrew  Pacha,  who  was  then  Seraskier,  took  him  under  his;protection,  procured  him  admission  into  the  regular  army,  and  attached  him  to  his  personal  staff.  He  even  gave  him  his  ward  in  marriage,  who  was  one  of  the  richest  heiresses  of  Constantinople,  and  the  daughter  of  one  of  the  Janissaries  whose  head  he  had  caused  to  be  cut  off  in  1827,  when  that  corps  revolted  against  the  Sultan  Muhomed.  In  1833  Lattas,  who  had  taken  the  name  of  'Omer,  was  chief  of  battalion,  and  was  appointed  aide-de aide-decamp  camp aide-decamp  and  interpreter  to  General  Chrzanowski,  who  had  charge  of  the  instruction  of  the  Ottoman  troops  encamped  near  Constantinople.  Omer  was  thenceforward  actively  em employed  ployed employed  in  the  re-organisation  of  the  Turkish  army,  and,  still  protected  by  Khosrew  Pacha,  obtained  successively  important  missions  and  commands  in  the  army.  Tho  troubles  of  Syria  and  the  Albanian  insurrection  of  1846  gave  occasion  to  distinguish  himself,  and  attracted  to  him  the  attention  of  the  Sultan.  He  was  sent  to  Kurdistan,  and  succeeded  in  obtaining  the  submission  of  th STYLE=superscript  at  province,  which  was  nearly  independent  of  the  Porte.  Named,  in  1841,  to  the  command  of  the  army  sent  to  the  Danubi  an  provinces,  he  made  the  authority  of  the  Sultan  respected,  while,  at  the  same  time,  he  respected  the  susceptibilities  and  privileges  of  those  provinces,  placed,  as  they  were  under  the  double  protection  of  Turkey  and  Russia.  The  year  1854  was  the  most  brilliant  period  of  the  military  career  of  Omer  Pacha.  Named  Commander-in-chief  of  Bosnia,  the  principal  chiefs  of  which  had  refused  to  recognise  the  principal  is,  th  e  new  organ  i  z  ati  on  of  th  e  empire—he  combated  successfully,  though  with  an  inferior  force,  the  Beys  of  that  country.  At  last,  he  was  sent  to  Montenegro,  where  he  found  himself  for  the  first  time  com commanding  manding commanding  a  regular  army  of  300,000  men.  The  intervention  of  Austria,  as  is  known,  put  a  term  to  that  expedition  before  decisive  operations  could  be  commenced.  At  the  present  date  Omer  Pacha  is  at  Shumla,  at  the  head  of  nearly  100,000  men.  He  is  described  as  displaying  great  activity  in  their  organization,  and  is  occupied  in  fortifying  the  country  which  may  become  the  theatre  of  war.  Omer  Pacha  is  about  fifty-two  years  of  age,  below  the  middle  height,  but  with  a  martial  expression  of  countenance.  He  speaks  with  the  same  facility  the  Servian,  the  Italian,  and  the  German  tonges.  After  the  insurrection  of  Ilungag,  he  undertook  the  defence  of  the  refugees,  whose  extradition  had  been  de demanded  manded demanded  by  Austria  and  Russia.  Ile  proceeded  to  Shumla,  where  he  made  acquaintance  withthe  principal STYLE=superscript  refugees,  and  on  his  arrival  at  Constantinople  he  interfered  zealousiy  with  the  Sultan  in  their  favour.  Me  took  several  of  them  with  him  to  Bosnia  and  Montenegro,  and  confided  to  them  im important  portant important  posts.  Some  of  them  laave  distinguished  themselves  greatly,  and  have  remamad  in  the  service  of"
