text
"the  city  COBDEN  ON  EVIL  SPIRITS.—Mr.  Cobden  has  written  another  of  those  pithy  letters  on  great  principles  that—some  day—will  make  a  very  charming  .  little  volume  of  Cobdeniana.  He  is  solicited  to  give  his  opinion  on  the  best  mode  of  Opening  the  trade  - STYLE=superscript  in  spirits  ?  I STYLE=superscript  The  best  replies  sagacious  Richard,  dealing  with  the  monopoly  of  spirits  is  to  abstain  from  drinking  them,  which  for  upwards  of  20  years  I  have  make  felons,  lunatics,  and  sui suicie  cie suicie  s,  says  Mr.  Cobden.  Ilence,  the  bottle  might  surmount  Newgate  and  Bedlam.  Mr.  Cobden  does  not  drink  spirits  ;  but,  moderately,  he  drinks  wine—wine  that  cheereth  the  heart  of  man  ?  Will  he,  then,  do  his  best  that  the  masses  of  his  countrymen  may  take  a  glass  with  him  ?  The  wine winegrowers  growers winegrowers  of  France  want  to  sell  us  pure,  cheap,  healthy  wine— winewine  wine winewine  that  would  soon  destroy  burning  gin,  inflammatory  t  we  may  exchange  British  metal  for  Gallic  grape  to  drive  the  English  into  the  French  vineyard.—  Punch  The  CHAIRMAN  replied  that  the  sub-committee  had  given  the  matter  the  fullest  consideration,  and  deeming  Keane  not  eligible,  they  did  not  appoint  him.  Mr.  LANosnALE  :  Am  I  correct  in  asking  why  he  was  not  appointed  ?  The  CHAIRMAN  replied  that  if  the  sub-committee  were  authorised  to  make  certain  appointments,  and  the  members  of  the  general  committee  began  to  cross-question  them  as  to  the  reasons  of  their  selections,  he  thought  they  would  hardly,  in  such  an  event,  get  any  man  to  act  on  the  sub-committees.  Mr.  LANGsnAa  said  that  he  asked  the  question,  he  understood  that  when  Keane  was  before  the  committee,  Mr.  Cowan  was  asked  as  to  his  general  conduct,  and  that  he  then,  in  the  presence  of  Keane,  stated  that  he  had  no  fault  to  find  with  him—that  he  was  a  steady,  active  young  man,  and  that  he  had  been  in  the  service  upwards  of  eight  years.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  You  are  now  arraigning  the  decision  of  the  sub-committee.  Mr.  LANGSDALE  :  No,  lam  not.  I  am  arraigrning  the  conduct  of  Mr.  Cowan,  because,  with  all  due  deference  to  the  sub-committee,  I  think  there  has  not  been  fair  deal dealing  ing dealing  here.  Mr.  BARBER  observed  that  whatever  Mr.  Langsdale's  in intentions  tentions intentions  might  be,  he  was  certainly  imputing  that  the  deci decision  sion decision  of  the  sub-committee  was  not  a  proper  one.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  that  the  sub-committee  had  but  eight  or  ten  appointments  to  make,  and  that  they  had  twenty twentysix  six twentysix  candidates  before  them.  They  had  thus  a  very  disagree disagreeable  able disagreeable  duty  to  perform,  and  if  they  were  to  be  cross-questioned  afterwards  as  to  their  motives  in  preferring  one  man  to  another,  the  duties  of  the  sub-committee  would  become  such  that  it  would  be  difficult  to  get  gentlemen  to  under undertake  take undertake  tnew.  Mr.  LANGSDiLE  said  that  he  had  introduced  the  question  simply  to  ascertain  the  conduct  of  Mr.  Cowan  in  the  mat matter.  ter. matter.  Mr.  Cowan,  as  he  had  observed,  had  first  given  the  highest  character  of  Keane,  but  when  Keane  was  ordered  out  of  the  room,  then  it  appeared  he  had  spoken  differently  of  him  ;  for  on  meeting  Keane  shortly  afterwards  he  said,  You  are  not  appointed,  Keane,  and  I  will  tell  von  J  the  reason  why—because  I  called  you  a  lazy  Whether  or  not  he  did  make  use  of  that  expression,  he  (Mr.  Lanm  °  sdale)  did  not  know,  bnt  what  he  complained  of  was,  that  Mr,  Clowaa  should  he  allowed  to  stab  a  man  in  the  dark.  If  he  had  anything  to  say  against  Kea  ne  ,  h  e  s  h  ou  ld  have  said  it  openly  and  in  his  presence.  Some  nine  months  ago,  Keane  was  brought  before  the  committee,  and  the  same  charge  made  against  him  ;  but  on  a  man  of  the  name  of  Brassy  being  called  he  refuted  the  charge  altogether,  affirm affirming  ing affirming  that  there  was  not  a  more  indefatigable  or  industrious  man  in  the  service  than  Keane.  It  was,  therefore,  somewhat  strange  that  one  man  who  was  in  the  service  only  six  months  as  an  extra  man,  and  on  the  permanent  staff  but  a  few  days,  should,  at  the  suggestion  of  Mr.  Cowan,  be  put  over  a  man  who  had  been  in  the  service  for  eight  years.  He  (Mr.  Langsdale)  would  leave  it  to  the  c  ommi  tt  ee  if  a  man  writtnc,  such  a  letter  as  he  held  in  his  hand,  was  not  competent  to  fill  the  situation  ?  The  CIiA.DIMAN  replied  that  the  sub-committee  did  what  was  for  the  benefit  of  the  trust.  Mr.  LANGSDALE  :  But  do  you  think  it  fair  that  a  man  should  be  stabbed  in  the  dark  this  way  ?  The  CHAIRMAN:  If  you  ask  me  were  the  committee  justi justified  fied justified  in  askino.  Mr.  Cowan's  opinion  on  the  matter,  I  think  they  were  ;  and  that  Mr.  Cowan  was  fully  entitled  to  express  his  opinion  of  this  man.  Mr.  BROCKLERANK  observed  that  if  Mr.  Lan Lane  e Lane  there  was  anythi  ng  wrong  i  n  th  e  appo  intment,:the  sub-com sub-committee  mittee sub-committee  were  quite  willing  that  it  should  be  inquired  into.  Mr.  LANGSDAIM  should  tell  the  committee  this,  that  no  matter  who  Mr.  Cowan  broug'it  forward  and  recommended,  he  was  appointed.  Mr.  BROCKLEBA.NK  :  I  beg  your  pardon  —you  are  wrong  in  that.  dale  thought  Mr.  LOCKETT  said  that  the  man  appointed,  had  received  from  the  searcher  of  the  Customs,  the  highest  possible  character,  and  that  the  only  objection  to  such  appointment  °  was,  that  it  prevented  the  committee  from  givino•  encourao-e encourao-e--ment  -ment encourao-e--ment  to  the  under  officers,  if  they  conducted°  themselves  .  ____.......  properly.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  that  it  was  quite  competent  for  the  committee  to  open  up  the  matter,  but  that  such  a  course  was  seldom  adopted  in  reference  to  a  decision  of  a  sub subcommittee.  committee. subcommittee.  Mr.  LANGSDALE  :  But  do  you  think  that  the  majority  of  this  committee  will  submit  to  a  thing  of  this  sort,  when  a  man  long  on  the  staff,  and  able  to  do  the  duty,  is  passed  over  to  make  way  for  a  new  man  ?  The  CHAIRMAN  :  But  the  opinion  was  that  he  was  not  competent.  Mr.  LANGSDALE  :  With  all  due  deference  to  the  com committee,  mittee, committee,  I  say  he  is  competent.  Mr.  TOBIN  thought  that  no  blame  should  attach  to  the  sub-committee  for  having  been  guided  by  the  recom recommendation  mendation recommendation  of  Mr.  Cowan.  He  did  not  know  anything  about  the  man,  but  he  thought  that  Mr.  Cowan,  as  the  superintendent,  was  the  best  qualified  to  judge  of  their  capabilities  ;  and  that  he  would  not  have  discharged  his  duty,  if  he  did  not  express  his  opinion  to  the  committee.  Mr.  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE  observed  that  the  tender  of  Mr.  Langsdale's  remarks  was,  that  Mr.  Cowan  had  said  one  thing  in  the  presence  of  Beane  when  before  the  com committee,  mittee, committee,  and  another  thing  in  his  absence.  He  agreed  with  Mr.  Langdale  that  if  a  man  had  any  fault  to  find  with  one  under  him,  it  should  be  stated  openly,  but  he  did  not  see  how  the  conduct  of  the  sub-committee  in  the  matter  could  be  called  in  question.  Mr.  BROCKLEBANK  :  If  Mr.  Langsdale  has  a  charge  against  Mr  Cowan,  let  him  bring  it  forward  here.  That  is  the  roper  way.  _  _  Mr.  tVANS  'remarked,  that  of  the  candidates  before  them,  Keane  was  the  least  presentable.  Mr.  LANGSDALE  :  Yes,  because  he  is  a  little  man.  (Laugh-  The  matter  then  dropped.  The  sub-committee  also  recommended  that  the  additional  landing  clerks  be  appointed,  and  that  the  application  for  an  increase  of  wages  by  the  m  en  a  t  t  h  e  Landing-stage  be  not  complied  with  Confirmed.  The  report  of  the  harbour  master  recommended  that,  in  foggy  weather,  the  bell  in  the  Victoria  Tower  be  rung  every  two  minutes.  Ordered.  The  sub-committee  also  recommended  that  the  keepers  of  the  large  cranes  be  instructed  to  allow  firms  established  in  business  in  Liverpool  to  have  the  use  of  the  crane  -handles  without  the  deposit  of  a  sovereign,  or  their  clerk  signing  the  paper;  and  that  all  the  accounts  of  the.crane3  be  given  to  the  collector  for  collection  by  his  clerks.  Confirmed.  The  question  of  placing  a  gas-lamp  at  the  north  end  of  Tr  a  f  a  l  gar  dock  was  refused  to  the  Harbour  Master's  Committee.  The  committee  then  adjourned.  REFORM  IN  THE  ClTY.—Already,  reform  has  been  felt  in  Guild`tall.  At  the  Lord  Mayor's  state  dinner,  the  eighty  waiters  employed  to  change  plates  and  pour  out  for  the  corporation  had,  every  one  of  them,  a  whole  half halfpint  pint halfpint  of  beer!  This  allowance  was  pre-arranged  by  way  of  test,  and  for  future  guidance.  One  alderman  is  worth,  at  least,  four  waiters.  Hence,  at  all  future  banquets,  every  alderman  will  have  allowed  him  a  whole  quart  of  beer,  and  beer  of  the  bitterest  into  the  bargain.—Panclo.  The  TOWN-CLERK  said  he  did  not  consider  himself  the  legal  adviser  of  every  individual  member  of  the  council  ;  but  in  the  heat  of  business  Mr.  Thompson  came  to  him  and  asked  the  question  to  which  reference  had  been  made,  and  he  at  once  gave  him  an  answer  off-hand,  and  he  (the  town  clerk)  did  not  say  that  he  had  altered  his  opinion  on  the  Mr.  Councillor  WRIGLEY  said,  Mr.  Thompson  either  had  or  had  not  been  elected  a  member  of  the  council.  It  appeared  to  him,  from  what  had  passed,  that  Mr.  Thompson  had  not  been  duly  elected  a  member  of  the  council,  as  he  held  at  the  time  of  the  alleged  election  the  office  of  a  ward-assessor,  —  and  how  could  they  accept  the  resignation  of  an  office  which  he  never  filled  ?  Mr.  Alderman  HEELIS  said,  Mr.  Wrigley  had  expressed  in  a  few  words  what  his  own  opinion  was  upon  the  matter.  It  appeared  to  him  that  they  would  as  a  council  stultify  themselves  by  accepting  the  resignation  of  Mr.  Thompson,  who,  with  his  eyes  open,  had  placed  himself  in  the  position  which  he  then  occupied.  Mr.  Councillor  CAWLEY  thought  they  the  proffered  a  •  .•  should  not  accept  Mr.  Alderman  ilronnALL  would  strongly  advise  the  council  to  accept  the  resignation  by  Mr.  Thompson  of  the  office  of  councillor  •  but  he  would  not  do  s  o  i  n  regar  d  to  t  h  e  resigna resignation  tion resignation  of  the  office  of  ward  assesssor,  an  office  which  Mr.  Thompson  had  both  accepted  and  acted  upon.  Mr.  Thomp Thompson,  son, Thompson,  rmembering  that  he  was  ward-assessor  and  that  a  pro protest  test protest  against  his  election  had  been  lodged,  asked  the  town  17.1G111.  Iv  v.§  lia  ,  usual  declaration  on  accepting  the  office  of  count  llor  ;  a  nd  there  could  be  no  doubt  that  he  had  signed  the  declaration  under  an  erroneous  opinion.  He  (Mr.Worrall)  rather  thought  that  Mr.  Thompson  was  not  a  councillor,  but  in  his  opinion,  it  would  be  better  to  accept  his  resignation  of  the  office  of  councillor,  but  not  the  proffered  resiErnatiOn  of  Wary  A  MEMBER  of  the  council  asked  whether  there  was  not  an  act  of  parliament  which  said  that  a  ward  assessor  could  not  be  a  councillor,  and  if  so,  would  not  the  council  satisfy  themselves  by  accepting  Mr.  Thompson's  resignation  of  an  office  which  he  never  filled  ?  The  TOWN-CLERK  said,  there  was  a  clause  in  the  general  act  to  that  effect.  Mr.  Alderman  MARSDEN  said,  as  the  town-clerk  was  the  proper  party  to  be  appealed  to,  and  the  highest  authority  they  had  in  Salford,  in  any  di  'lenity  that  might  arise  repsect repsecting  ing repsecting  the  municipal  corporations  reform  act,  and  as  the  town  clerk  gave  a  distinct  opinion  that  Mr.  Thompson  would  not  be  disqualified,  by  accepting  the  office  of  ward  assessor,  f  rom  being  elected  to  th  e  office  of  councillor,  he  thought  it  would  be  unjust  on  the  part  of  the  council  not  to  accept  Mr.  Thompson's  resignation;  in  fact  he  thought  it  would  be  exceedingly  unjust  to  refuse  to  accept  the  resignation.  After  a  short  conversation  the  resolution  moved  by  Mr.  Sankey,  was  altered  to  the  effect  that  the  resignation  by  Mr.  Thompson,  of  the  office  of  ward-assessor  for  Blackfriars,  be  accepted.  Mr.Councillor  SANKEY,  (being  asked  for  his  reasons  for  mov moving  ing moving  the  resolution)  said,  Mr.  Thompson  would  have  declined  to  accept  the  office  of  ward  assessor  for  Blackfriars  had  he  been  aware  that  by  the  acceptance  of  that  office  he  would  have  been  disqualified  from  serving  the  borough  in  the  office  of  councillor.  He  (Mr.  Thompson)  applied  to  the  town-clerk,  their  highest  authority,  on  the  subject,  and  if  the  town-clerk  had  said  he  would  not  give  his  opinion  on  the  question  without  being  paid  for  it,  Mr.  Thompson  would  have  paid  him.  But  he  took  the  town-clerk's  advice  and  accepted  the  office  of  ward-assessor,  being  of  opinion  that  he  was  still  eligible  to  serve  the  office  of  councilor  for  any  ward  that  might  elect  him.  A  COUNCILLOR:  Is  the  office  of  ward  assessor  a  compul compulsory  sory compulsory  office  ?  The  TOWN-CLERK  said,  the  council  had  never  passed  any  by-law  imposing  a  fine  for  non-acceptance  of  the  office,  so  that  Mr.  Thompson  might  have  refused  to  accept  the  office  had  he  thought  proper.  In  answer  to  a  question  from  Mr.  Alderman  lIEELis,  The  TOWN-CLERK  said,  he  might  have  refused  the  office  with without  out without  the  imposition  of  any  fine  whatever.  Mr.  Alderman  SMITH  :  Did  he  accept  the  office  of  ward  assessor  ?  The  Town  CLERK  :  Yes,  and  acted  upon  it;  he  also  signed  the  usual  declaration  upon  being  elected  councillor.  The  question  was  then  put,  when  the  motion  was  lost— lostthe  the lostthe  numbers  being  for  it  6,  and  a,gainst  it  26.  Mr.  Councillor  S  ANKEY  moved  that  Thompson's  resig resignation  nation resignation  of  the  ;office  of  councillor  for  Saint  Stephen's  ward  be  accepted.  Mr  Councillor  HOPKINSON  seconded  the  resolution  Mr.  Alderman  AGNEW  asked  the  Town  Clerk  whether,  in  the  event  of  the  resolution  .being  carried,  Mr.  Thompson  would  be  precluded  from  offering  himself  again  for  the  suffrages  of  the  burgesses  of  Blackft•iars'  Ward  The  TOWN-CLERK  said,  if  Mr.  Thompson  had  not  been  legally  elected  on  the  last  occasion  because  he  held  the  office  of  ward  assessor,  he  could  not  he  legally  elected  again,  inasmuch  as  he  continued  to  hold  the  office  of  ward  assessor.  Mr.  Alderman  AGNEW  considered  this  a  case  of  extreme  hardship.  He  voted  against  Mr.  Thompson  on  principle,  but  he  was  returned  to  the  council  by  a  majority  of  the  burgesses  of  the  ward;  and  yet  he  was  to  be  disqualified  from  a  seat  in  that  council  for  following  a  course  which  he  considered  as  right  under  the  advice  of  those  who  ought  to  have  been  in  a  position  to  advise  him  correctly  upon  the  point  in  dispute.  He  thought  the  electors  of  the  ward  had  a  right  to  feel  most  seriously  disappointed,  and  he  should  say,  as  an  individual,  that  Mr.  Thompson  was  an  injured  man.  Mr.  Alderman  MARSDEN,  for  the  reasons  he  had  previously  stated,  supported  the  resolution.  Mr.  Councillor  BenGEss  said  he  understood  that  Mr.  Thompson  was  told  he  was  wrong  when  about  to  take  the  declaration  as  councillor.  (Cries  o  f  no,  The  TOWN-CLERK  said  that  Mr.  :Th  ompson,  upon  the  occasion  referred  to,  asked  him  if  he  wa  s  sue  d  i  f  he  would  have  to  pay  the  penalties.  He  (the  towii-clerk)  t  o  ld  hi  m  that  he  would  have  to  pay  the  penalties  if  he  had  to  defend  the  action  at  his  own  expense.  _  Mr.  Alderman  WORRALL  said,  it  appeared  to  him  quite  clear  that  the  office  of  councillor  was  vacant.  A  n  d  he  thought  that  the  acceptance  of  the  resignation  of  the  office  by  Mr.  Thompson  would  save  the  expense  of  making  an  application  t  o  th  e  C  our  t  o  f  Q  ueen  '  s  B  enc  h,  and  that  would  be  the  mo  s  t  s  t  ra  i  g  htf  orwar  d  an  d  l  eas  t  inco  nvenient  course  that  could  be  adopted  under  the  circumstances.  Mr.  Councillor  WRIGLEY  :  How  can  we  as  a  council  ac accept  cept accept  Mr.  Thompson's  resignation,  if  he  has  never  been  a  councillor  ?  The  TOWN-CLERX  :  For  this  reason,  that  however  'ille 'illegally  gally 'illegally  elect  e  d,  a  person  after  making  the  declaration,  might  sit  in  the  council  until  ejected  from  it  by  a  quo  warranto  of  the  Queen's  Bench,  or  by  his  own  resi  gna  ti  on  .  Mr.  Alderman  HEELIS  protested  against  the  competency  of  the  council  to  entertain  the  question  before  them.  He  quite  agreed  with  others  in  this,  that  Mr.  Thompson  had  COUNTY  COURT.  YESTERDAY  The  court  sat  at  ten  o'clock  on  yesterday.  HETHERLEY  v.  Mußnocx.--This  was  an  action  brought  to  recover  a  sum  of  91.  for  injury  done  to  a  house  belonging  to  the  plaintiff.  It  appeared  from  the  evidence,  thatin  1849,  Mr.  Murdock  became  tenant  to  the  plaintiff  for  a  shop  in  Vauxhall-road.  It  had  been  occupied  by  a  baker,  and  as  Mr.  Murdock  desired  to  prepare  it  for  the  business  of  a  pawn pawnbroker,  broker, pawnbroker,  he  had  to  make  some  alterations  in  the  fixtures  of  the  shop.  In  altering  these  fixtures,  which  he  purchased  from  Mr.  Hetherley,  it  was  alleged•that  defendant  removed  two  uprights  which  formed  the  principal  support  of  a  fire fireplace  place fireplace  alid  hearth  in  the  ovens  above,  and  which,  it  was  urged  on  behalf  of  the  plaintiff,  any  person  must  have  seen  could  not  be  removed  without  injury  to  the  premises.  The  fire-place  above  gave  way,  and  a  surveyor  having  been  called  in,  he  found  it  necessary  to  consult  with  the  public  officer,  in  connection  with  whom,  measures  had  to  be  taken  for  the  expense  of  which  the  action  to  repair  the  injury,  was  brought.  Mr.  Hull  appeared  for  the  defendant.  It  was  stated  by  the  defendant,  that  the  uprights  in  question  did  not  differ  in  any  way  from  the  ordinary  up uprights  rights uprights  of  the  shop,  which  it  was  necessary  to  remove  for  the  alteration  of  the  shop.  lIMUJI.  ball;  I  , STYLE=superscript  lb  V  11.11M1  Vf  Glio  ,ct,c  if  as  rct  y  at.  4.1  the  two  uprights  had  been  taken  away,  and  that  these  uprights  had  something  more  of  work  to  do  than  the  others,  of  which  Mr.  Murdock  was  not  aware,  and  accordingly  removed  them,  the  effect  of  which  was  that  the  place  above  gave  way.  His  Honor  suggested  that  the  case  should  be  left  to  the  decision  of  Mr.  Kelshaw  and  Mr.  Jones,  two  architects  then  in  court.  The  parties  on  each  side  having  agreed  to  this  course,  Messrs.  Kelshaw  and  Jones  retired  to  his  Honor's  room,  and,  after  a  short  deliberation,  returned  into  court  and  announced  that  they  had  found  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff  to  the  amount  of  7/.  HARKS  ft  v.  THE  LONDON  AND  NORTH  WESTERN  RAILWAY  Co.—ln  this  action  Messrs  William,  and  Adam  Harker,  wholesale  fruiterers,  of  Liverpool,  sought  to  recover  a  sum  of  £ll  13s.  from  the  London  and  North  Western  Railway  Company,  for  damage  occasioned  by  the  detention  of  goods  forwarded  to  them  from  London.  Mr.  Cross  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  tle  Railway  Com Company  pany Company  was  represented  by  Mr.  Blenkinsop.  Mr.  William  Harker,  one  of  the  plaintiffs,  deposed—that  on  the  29th  of  July  last  he  waited  at  the  Crown-street  Station  of  the  North  Western  Railway  to  receive  a  quantity  of  fruit,  which  he  expected  to  arrive  from  London.  He  had  received  the  invoice  of  the  goods  ;  which  consisted  of  cherries,  gooseberries,  and  o  th  er  fruit,  by  the  mail  train,  and  thegoods  themselves  were  expected  to  arrive  about  six  o'clock  in  the  morning.  The  train  did  not  arrive  until  about  nine  o'clock,  and  witness  then  found  that  two  trucks  of  the  fruit  had  not  arrived.  Upon  making  inquiry  it  was  stated  that  they  had  been  left  behind  at  Stafford.  The  fruit  did  not  arrive  until  between  two  and  three  o'clock  that  day,  when  the  market  was  over,  and  the  result  was  that  the  goods  had  to  be  sold  to  retailers  at  a  sacrifice.  The  day  upon  which  the  goods  should  have  arrived  early  Was  Friday,  the  market  day  for  whole wholesale  sale wholesale  fruiterers,  and  in  consequence  of  being  late  for  the  market  the  greater  part  of  the  goods  were  not  sold  until  Saturday  and  Monday.  A  witness  named  Blount,  assistant  at  the  house  from  which  the  fruit  was  despatched  to  the  plaintiff,  deposed— deposedthat  that deposedthat  he  had  seen  the  goods  properly  addressed,  sent  off  by  the  train  about  two  o'clock  on  Thursday,  the  28th  of  July  from  the  Camden  Town-Station  in  London.  Mr.  Adam  Harker  deposed,  that  he  had  made  up  the  amount  claimed,  £ll  13s.  by  the  difference  of  price  given  for  similar  goods  upon  the  :market  day,  which  was  lost,  and  those  which  plaintiffs  received  for  their  fruit  subsequently.  Mr.  Blenkinsop  said,  the  only  question  he  would  raise  was  whether  there  was  any  contract  upon  the  part  of  the  railway  company  to  deliver  the  goods  at  six  in  the  morning,  or  at  any  particular  hour.  He  contended  that  there  was  no  con contract  tract contract  to  deliver  the  goods  at  any  particular  hour,  except  the  ordinary  common  law  contract  by  which  the  company  were  bound  to  deliver  within  a  reasonable  time.  The  question  was  whether  goods  despatched  from  London  at  two  o'clock  one  day,  and  delivered  in  Liverpool  at  two  o'clock  next  day  were  not  delivered  within  a  reasonable  time.  That  was  the  only  question  he  could  raise,  as  he  had  no  means  of  disputing  the  amount  of  the  claim  fixed  by  the  '  plaintiffs.  -  His  HONOR  :  I  have  evidence  that  the  company  did  actually  deliver  portions  of  the  goods  sent  by  the  same  train  at  a  much  earlier  hour  in  the  morning,  whereas  these  goods  were  not  delivered  until  late  in  the  day,  and  for  this  reason,  which  is  stated  in  thl  evidence,  that  they  were  left  behind  at  Stafford.  Ido  not  think  they  were  delivered  within  a  reasonable  time  under  the  circumstances.  A  verdict  was  accordingly  given  for  the  amount  claimed  by  plaintiffs_  JUAN  DE  ECHEYARHA  yLA  LLANA  V  STRONG,  This  was  an  action  wrought  by  the  owner  of  the  Spanish  brig  Oceans  against  William  and  Henry  Strong,  the  owners  of  the  steam  tug  Gleng,  to  receive  £2O  for  damage  done  the  brig  by  being  brought  into  collision  with  the  schooner  Elise.  Mr.  Hull  appeared  for  the  plaintiff  and  Mr.  Chilton  for  the  defence.  From  the  evidence  given  upon  both  sides  it  ap appeared  peared appeared  that  the  cause  of  action  arose  on  Sunday,  the  11th  of  September.  When  the  brig  was  being  towed  up  the  Mersey  by  the  steam  tug.  The  schooner  was  also  beating  up  the  river,  and  there  was  a  strong  breeze  at  the  time,  the  wind  blowing  from  the  south.  Between  the  Victoria  and  the  Crosby  channels,  the  schooner  passed  across  the  bow  of  the  steamer  upon  the  starboard  tack.  She  remained  a  short  time  in  stays  and  again  put  round  upon  her  port  tack,  and  the  collision  then  took  place,  which  caused  damages  to  the  brig  to  the  value  of  £2O  .  An  action  was  therefo  re  b  roug  ht  by  the  plaintiff  to  recover  that  amount,  because  it  was  alleged  that  the  injury  had  been  done  by  reason  of  the  neglect  and  improper  conduct  of  the  master  of  the  steam-tug,  in  not  having  given  way  in  time  to  allow  the  schooner  to  cross  her.  On  the  part  of  the  plaintiff,  the  pilot  of  the  schooner  deposed,  that  he  had  made  every  exertion  to  avoid  a  collision,  which  would  have  been  easily  prevented  if  the  steamer  had  given  way.  He  also  stated  that  when  he  saw  the  steamer  was  not  giving  way,  he  put  up  his  helm,  and  only  that  the  chain  became  caught,  he  would  have  succeeded  in  passing  astern.  The  pilot  on  board  the  brig  stated  that  when  he  saw  the  schooner,  he  ran  forward  and  cried  ow,  to  the  steamer  to  give  way.  He  alleged  that  his  order  was  heard  on  board  the  steamer,  because  he  saw  the  man  at  the  helm  look  round,  but  that  it  was  not  obeyed.  Mr.  CHILTON  submitted  that  the  pilots  who  were  in  charge  of  the  vessels  were  the  parties  who  were  responsible  for  the  damage  done.  His  HoNo  u STYLE=superscript  it:  - STYLE=superscript  ido  not  think  that  exists  here,  so  far  as  I  have  seen  of  the  case.  It  appears  that  the  captain  of  the  His  Horton  asked—lf  he  had  been  robbed  of  his  purse,  and  that  the  thief  brought  it  to  the  receiver,  stating  that  he  had  found  it  cast  up  on  the  shore,  whether,  in  that  event,  he  was  bound  to  pay  the  receiver  the  commission  before  he  could  get  back  his  purse  ?  Mr  CHILTON  replied  that,  though  the  case  supposed  by  his  Honor  was  a  very  extreme  case,  yet,  even  in  such  an  event,  the  receiver  would  be  entitled  to  treat  the  purse  as  a  derelict.  At  the  request  of  the  court,  Mr.  HULL  applied  himself  to  combat  this  view  of  the  receiver's  right.  He  contended  that  the  duty  of  a  receiver  was  more  than  ministerial,  and  that  he  was  bound  to  satisfy  himself,  by  all  reasonable  inquiry  in  the  first  instance,  that  anything  reported  to  him  as  derelict,  was  really  such.  His  HONOR  then  carefully  detailed  the  facts  of  the  case  —how  the  anchor  had  been  left  in  the  river,  and  it  had  been  seized  the  next  morning  by  the  salvers,  when  the  buoy  had  become  detached  from  it,  and  observed  that  in  his  mind  it  did  not  admit  of  a  doubt  that  the  anchor  was  not  derelict.  It  would  be  monstrous  if  the  Admiralty  claimed  ase  derelict  all  property  left  under  such  circumstances,  for  he  could  not  conceive  that  any  court  in  the  kingdom  would  hold  it  so.  Then  came  the  other  point,  as  to  the  right  of  the  receiver  to  treat  any  article  as  derelict  when  reported  to  him  as  such.  His  Honour  carefully  construed  the  sections  bearing  on  the  point,  and  observed  that,  in  his  judgment,  the  right  claimed  by  the  receiver  in  this  respect,  arose  solely  out  of  the  word wording  ing wording  of  the  sth  section.  In  that,  however,  it  was  set  forth  that  the  report  should  be  made  when  the  goods  were  found  derelict—not  merely  found,  b  u  t  a  ft  er  being  found  derelict  when  found  or  discovered,  and  therefore  holding,  in  the  first  instance,  that  the  anchor  was  not  derelict,  and  that  conse consequently  quently consequently  no  sucn  report  or  it  coma.  De  inaue  to  the  Lump,  e.  to  entitle  him  to  his  commission.  He  should  give  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff  on  both  point;.  The  court  then  adjourned  to  Monday  morning.  FOLLOWING  THE  FASHION.  —The  French  start  the  fashions,  and  the  English  follow  them.—Punch.  The  condition  of  Hesse  is  most  deplorable.  Its  finances  are  in  a  most  deplorable  condition,  and  it  is  proposed  to  stop  the  salaries  of  all  the  public  functionaries.  A  FEARFUL  STRlKE.  —Talking  of  strikes,  we  hope  the  Emperor  of  Russia  will  not  take  it  into  his  head  to  strik  e STYLE=superscript  the  balance  of  Europe.  —Punch.  The  Lincolnshire  Times  describes  agricultural  affairs  in  that  agricultural  county  as  in  a  very  prosperous  condition,  and  there  is,  it  appears,  a  larger  breadth  of  land  sown  than  for  some  time  past.  LADIES'  MOUTHS.—An  old  beau  says  lady's  mouth  never  looks  so  beautiful  as  when  she  is  pronouncing  the  .word  Yes.'  is  really  too  hard  that  no  Englishman  whose  income  is  less  than  £5OO  a-year  should  be  able  to  afford  himself  wine  at  dinner,  when  every  Frenchman  or  Germa  n  with  an  income  of  equal  to  £lOO  per  annum  is  able  to  take  his  pint  bottle  of  Bordeaux  or  Moselle  daily.—  R.  D.  F.  in  The  Times  MUTE  ELOQUENCE.—Somebody  has  brought  out  a  collec collection  tion collection  of  till  Songs  of  Scotland  without  In  order  to  render  the  thing  completely  agreeable,  we  would  propose  that  the  songs  without  words  should  be  set  to  bagpipes  with without  out without  sound,  and  sung  by  performers  without  voices.—Punch.  A  statement  has  been  made,  to  the  effect  that  M.  Mazzini.  entered  Italy  a  few  months  ago,  in  the  petticoats  and  of  an  old  woman,  th  e  policemen  taking  off  their  hats  and  paying  .  compliments,  While  a  poor  English  con consumptive  sumptive consumptive  parson  In  search  of  health  was  marched  off  between  two  chasseurs,  as  if  lie  had  been  a  pickpocket.  SEVERE  TEST  OF  TABLE-MOVING.  —Of  all  tables  we  should  think  the  tables  of  figures  in  Bradshaw's  Guide  would  be  the  most  difficult  to  move—for  we  only  know  from  our  own  painful  experience,  that  whenever  we  wish  to  find  out  a  particular  spot,  we  never  can  get  the  tables  to  move  in  the  direction  we  want  to  go  to  !  —Punch.  AMENITIES  OF  YANKEE  JOURNALISM.—The  New  York  Tribune,  in  an  elaborate  article  on  the  Mormons,  defends  bigamy  out-and-out.  This  is  rather  odd  for  a  paper.—Lowell  Journal  and  Courier.  Lowell  Jour Journal  nal Journal  and  Courier,  in  an  unelaborate  article  on  progress,  tells  a  lie  out-and-out.  This  is  not  at  all  odd  for  a  paper  that  needs  York  Tribune,  CURIOUS  ASSOCIATION  OF  IDEAS.—Lord  Mayor  Sidney  never  can  say  Let  him  try  as  he  will,  he  never  can  make  it  anything  but  F  or  in instance,  stance, instance,  with  regard  to  his  absurd  procession,  he  confessed  it  was  an  in-Congouus  THE  NEW  PENNY  STAN.--A  useful  pamphlet  has  just  been  issued,  under  the  authority  of  the  Commissioners  of  Inland  Revenue,  furnishing  a  popular  explanation  of  the  Penny  Stamp  Act,  The  Commissioners  have  deemed  it  advisable  to  print  this  statement  for  the  convenience  of  the  public,  in  consequence  of  the  numerous  applications  made  to  them  for  information  on  specific  points  regarding  the  operation  of  the  new  law.  THE  GOD  OF  is  the  acknowledged  deity  of  the  Muscovites.  'A  god  standing  six  feet  four  in  his  sacred  stockings.  The  manner  in  which  he  ncruits  his  army  to  carry  on  his  holy  wars  is  very  celestial.  Some Sometimes  times Sometimes  he  causes  his  angelic  Cossacks  to  surround  a  boys'  ,  school  and  carry  off  the  scholars,  promoting  them  from  the  birch  to  the  knout.  In  one  particular  case  two  boys,  one  12  and  the  other  14,  were  carried  away,  their  old  grandmother  of  85  raising  her  hands,  doubtless  in  prayer  for  the  God  of  Russia.  Who  can  doubt  the  Christianity  of  an  emperor,  who  is  at  once  the  heart  and  soul  of  such  a  system  ?  Poor  fellow  !  In  his  last  proclamation  he  says  He  has  been  goaded  into  war  by  the  Porte?'  Goaded  is,  the  word.  Only  think  of  the  nasty  red-wattled  turkey  gobbling  at  and  goading  a  poor,  harmless,  innocent  bear  !  We  shall  next  have  the  christian  dove  pecking  out  the  eyes,  of  the  twin-headed  eagle.—Punch.  THE  CONDEMNED  CONVICT  MOREL—The  application  for  a  commutation  of  the  extreme  penalty  of  the  law  has  been  rejected,  and  the  execution  of  Mobbs  is  now  fixed  to  take  place  in  front  of  Newgate  on  Monday  morning  next,  the  21st  inst.  The  culprit  continues  to  maintain  the  same  impassible  demeanour,  and  appears  to  have  long  made  up  his  mind  as  to  his  ultimate  fate.  On  Saturday  his  children  (four  in  number)  will  visit  their  miserable  parent  to  take  a  last  farewell.  FRIENDLY  SOCIETIES.—  The  bill  for  regulating  Friendly  Societies,  brought  in  by  Mr.  Sotheron  last  session,  has  just  been  printed.  In  principle  it  is  in  accordance  with  the  present  Act,  13  and  14  Vic..  c  115.  The  additional  pur purposes  poses purposes  for  which  a  society  may  be  formed  are  to  purchase  or  hire  any  article  of  use  or  necessity  in  trade  or  business  ;  to  enable  any  member,  &amp;c.,  to  emigrate  :  to  enable  emigrants  to  purchase  land  in  any  of  the  coloni  es  ,  an  d  t  h  e  tools  and  other  necessaries  of  their  trade,  by  advancing  loans  and  taking  security  for  the  repayment;  and  for  any  other  pur purpose  pose purpose  which  shall  be  certified  by  the  Commissioners  for  Friendly  to  be  one  to  which  the  Act  may  be  op2.rly  applied.  No  sum  above  £5  is  to  be  insured  ou  the  death  of  a  child  under  10  years  of  age,  and  (then  only  for  funeral  expenses  to  be  paid  to  the  undertaker.  Mr.  NEWLANDS,  the  borough  engineer,  reported  numerous  particulars  of  the  work  done,  and  in  hand,  in  his  department.  Mr.  Fnu.sn,  the  inspector  of  nuisances,  reported  the  emptying  of  1093  ashpools,  the  inspection  of  164  nuisances  complained  of  by  inhabitants,  and  the  reference  of  57  others  to  the  borough  engineer  for  remedy  by  drainage,  &amp;c.,  with  a  detail  of  the  other  operations  of  his  staff,  including  pazti pazticulars  culars pazticulars  of  a  sanatory  examination  of  1707  court  houses,  183  lodging-houses,  and  559  cellars,  formerly  cleared  of  inmates  in  the  lower  parts  of  the  town,  and  from  which  it  appeared  that  the  sanatory  officers  bad  made  special  examination  during  the  week  of  3915  different  apartments  in  street  houses,  and  5507  rooms  in  court-houses  in  the  districts  named  for  the  purpose  of  eradicating  unhealthiness  there therefrom,  from, therefrom,  besides  the  cellar  inspections  abovenamed.  Also  the  quantity  of  night  soil,  &amp;c.,  removed  from  the  borough  by  Mr.  Rose.  The  Medical  Officer  of  Health  reported  that  the  mortality  of  the  borough  continues  considerably  below  the  average,  as  it  ever  has  been  since  the  month  of  April.  The  deaths  re registered  gistered registered  from  all  causes  in  the  last  four  weeks  were  173,  156,  172,  and  165  respectively,  giving  an  average  weekly  morta mortality  lity mortality  of  166  against  193,  the  average  of  the  previous  four  weeks.  The  mean  mortality  of  the  same  period  of  the  pre preceding  ceding preceding  five  years  was  also  193,  showing  a  difference  of  27  weekly  in  favour  of  the  present  year.  Cases  of  cholera  continued  to  occur  from  time  to  time.  During  the  last  four  weeks  there  have  been  30  fatal  cases,  of  which  about  one-half  were  among  the  German  and  other  emigrants  passing  through  the  town.  The  deaths  from  diarrhoea  have  ave averaged  raged averaged  from  7  to  8  weekly,  being  little  less  than  in  the  cor corresponding  responding corresponding  period  of  previous  years.  From  typhus  there  have  been  30  deaths  in  the  four  weeks,  for  small  pox,  5,  measles,  10,  scarlatina,  35  ;  the  mortality  from  the  latter  disease  showing  a  tendency  to  increase.  On  the  11th  inst,  the  ship  Guiding  Star,  which  sailed  hence  on  the  27th  ult.,  with  about  500  emigrants,  returned  to  port,  having  lost  23  of  her  passengers  from  cholera,  which  broke  out  three  days  after  sailing.  A  number  of  sick,  with  their  families,  had  been  landed  in  Belfast.  On  arriving  here  two  passengers  were  found  to  be  suffering  from  cholera,  and  were  sent  to  the  workhouse  hospital.  Accommodation  was  also  afforded  in  the  workhouse  to  the  remaining  passengers,  about  400  in  number,  with  a  view  of  concentrating  the  disease,  and  plac placing  ing placing  the  •  whole  under  medical  surveillance,  but  41  only  availed  themselves  of  the  offer.  Five  new  cases  have  oc occurred  curred occurred  amongst  the  passengers  since  landing.  A  case  of  fever  has  been  reported  in  a  registered  lodging-house,  and  a  case  of  scarlatina  has  occurred  in  a  registered  lodging lodginghouse,  house, lodginghouse,  33,  Dublin-street,  and  was  not  reported  to  the  medi medical  cal medical  officer  of  health  as  required  by  the  by-laws.  He  certified  that  he  had  inspected  the  premises  73,  Great  Homer-street,  in  which  the  manufacture  of  artificial  guano  is  carried  on  by  Mr.  Richard  Pierce,  and  that  the  process,  as  at  present  con conducted,  ducted, conducted,  causes  a  nuisance  injurious  to  the  health  of  the  inha inhabitants  bitants inhabitants  of  the  adjoining  houses.  Also,  that  the  process  em employed  ployed employed  in  preparing  the  colouring  matter  on  the  premises  occupied  as  a  dye-house  by  Messrs.  Johnson  Brothers  in  PanpiaB.ll-strpPt,  eauses  a  nuisance  injurioui  to  the  health  of  tee  inhabitants  of  the  adjoining  houses.  Proceedings  were  ordered  to  be  taken  against  the  parties  causing  those  nut  sauces  Mr.  GLADSTONE  inquired  whether  Mr.  Rose  was  now  carrying  out  his  contract  by  the  removal  of  the  deposits  ?  The  CHAIRMAN  So  far  as  the  books  go  he  is  decreasing  the  deposits  every  week.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  :  That  is  very  material.  Mr.  FRESH  :  He  is  now  carrying  his  contract  out.  He  removes  everything  out  of  the  borough  in  24  hours.  The  CHAIRMAN  remarked  that  Mr.  Nicholson  and  himself  had  waited  upon  the  directors  of  the  canal,  and  after  a  long  conference,  and  having  two  conferences  with  them,  a  decision  was  come  to  that  they  would  allow  the  manure  to  be  placed  on  the  wharf  on  the  payment  of  Id.  per  ton,  they  would  also  allow  the  additi  ona  l  l  an  d  requ  i  re  d  at  the  canal  and  supply  it  with  water.  They  had  communicated  this  to  Mr.  Mr.  Moss  :  You  mean  all  put  on  board.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Yes.  Mr.  BECKWITH  said  this  would  give  them  greater  facilities  for  removing  the  deposits.  Three  boats  could  be  then  loaded  in  place  of  one.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  asked  if  Mr.  Rose  had  been  assiduous  in  attending  to  the  removal  of  deposits  in  the  borough  ?  Mr.  FRESH  :  Very  much  so.  The  CHAIRMAN  I  do  not  think  there  are  20  tons  in  Burlington  -street.  Mr.  FRESH  said  what  was  at  Burlington  -street  was  gathered  during  the  day  :  they  were  continually  shipping  it.  A  communication  was  received  from  Mr.  John  Laird,  com complaining  plaining complaining  that  Mr.  Rose  had  not  removed  the  deposit  of  manure  from  the  neighbourhood  of  his  works  at  the  Dingle.  Mr.  HODSON  :  A  very  large  quantity  has  been  taken  away,  has  there  not,  Mr.  Fresh  ?  Mr.  FRESH  :  Yes.  Mr.  HODSON  asked  what  more  could  be  done.  A  large  quantity  had  been  taken  away,  and  he  was  rather  surprised  at  Mr.  Laird.  Mr.  Rose  was  taking  away  more  than  was  left,  and  in  a  few  weeks  all  would  be  gone.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  there  was  no  doubt  Mr.  Rose  was  using  every  effort  and  every  exertion  to  remove  the  deposits.  Mt.  GlansTONE  said  it  had  been  agreed  that  if  Mr.  Rose  did  not  fulfil  the  terms  of  his  contract,  steps  should  be  taken  to  compel  him  to  do  so.  Had  all  the  terms  of  the  contract  been  fulfilled  ?  Mr.  FRESH  :  Mr.  Rose  is  fulfilling  them  now.  There  was  no  new  deposit  of  any  kind.  After  a  brief  conversation  it  was  arranged  that  Mr.  Halhead  should  see  that  the  removal  of  the  deposits  at  the  south  end  should  be  continued,  and  a  similar  duty  was  allotted  to  Mr.  Moss  in  the  north  end.  Mr.  Moss  directed  att  2ntion  to  a  memorial  from  the  in inhabitants  habitants inhabitants  of  Denise::-street,  requiring  some  repairs  to  be  executed  in  that  street,  Mr.  NEWLANDS  said  directions  had  already  been  given  for  those  repairs  to  be  executed.  A  deputation  from  the  West  Derby  board  of  guardians,  consisting  of  Mr.  Harrison  and  Mr.  Clayton,  was  then  in introduced  troduced introduced  to  the  committee.  Mr.  HARRISON  said,  that  they  appeared  before  the  com committee  mittee committee  to  ask  its  aid  in  earryiny  out  a  better  syst  em  o  f  drain drainingin  ingin drainingin  the  workhouse.  Their  medical  man  had  reported  the  present  system  was  defective,  and  without  the  aid  of  the  health  committee  they  could  not  mend  it  at  present— presentbut  but presentbut  with  their  aid  it  could  be  done.  Mr.  BECKWITH  :  Is  it  inside  or  outside  ?  Mr.  HARRISON  :  Outside.  On  the  deputation  retiring,  The  CHAIRMAN  inquired  if  the  sewer  was  one  which  had  been  given  up  to  them  ?  The  BOROUGH  ENGINEER  :  We  did  not  ask  for  it,  but  we  took  it,  (laughter)  and  gave  no  compensation.  The  matter,  was  referred  to  the  borough  engineer  to  re report  port report  to  the  sub-committee  on  Tuesday.  Mr.  J.  B.  BRANCHER  waited  on  the  committee,  to  request  that  they  would  lay  down  a  single  flagging  near  Ilackburne  house,  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Canning-street,  and  a  cross crossing  ing crossing  front  Falkner-street  to  Hope-street,  which  were  much  wanted.  The  application  was  referred  to  the  borough  engineer  to  report  on.  On  the  suggestion  of  Mr.  Beckwith,  the  inspector  was  directed  to  inquire  into  a  nuisance  complained  of  by  the  inhabitants  of  Paradise-street,  as  existing  there.  It  came  as  a  recommendation  before  the  committee,  that  Cook-street  and  Slater-street  be  paved  (the  latter  macadam macadamised),  ised), macadamised),  the  estimated  cost  being  respectively  £372  3s  ,  and  £498  7s.  6d.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  observed  that  Slater-street  required  much  to  be  repaired,  and  that  the  inhabitants,  both  of  Cook-street  and  Slater-street,  complained  much  of  their  condition.  Mr.  BEexwrrn  called  on  the  committee  to  bear  in  mind  that  those  streets  were  not  included  in  the  year's  estimates.  Mr.  Moss  replied  that  Slater-street  was  a  most  important  street,  and  that  it  required  much  to  be  repaired.  Mr.  BECKWITH  thought  that  it  should  remain  over  until  next  year,  for  he  was  no  advocate  for  getting  into  debt.  o  Eventually,  on  the  motion  of  Mr.  3loss,  seconded  by  Mr.  Henderson,  it  was  resolved  that  those  streets  should  be  repaired  ;  and  instructions  to  that  effect  were  accordingly  given  to  the  borough  engineer.  It  was  resolved  that  Bow-street,  Cheapside,  should  be  repaired.with  square  sets.  Mr.  GODFREY  directed  attention  to  a  bill,  notice  of  which  o'  4 STYLE=superscript  PROSTITUTE.--'  1  ) STYLE=superscript  Evans,  who  had  been  remanded  since  Monday,  charg  ec STYLE=superscript  i  i STYLE=superscript  ,  e  ter  robbing  a  gentl  eman  o  f  a  l  arge  sum  o  f  money  ,  in  sir  'street  on  Saturday  n  i  g  ht,  an  d  upon  w  h  ose  perso  n  17  ,  reign  had  been  found,  was  aga  i  n  b  roug  h  t  f  orwar  d.  A  O  Hugh  Cassail,  of  Manchester,  the  person  robbed,  f  oil'  that  on  Sunday  evening,  he  went  into  a  house  with  8 STYLE=superscript  ;  „  1- STYLE=superscript  soon  afterwards  he  saw  ano  th  er  wo  man  room  to  which  he  had  reti  re  d,  concea  l  e  d  b  e  hi  n  d  the  c  tl STYLE=superscript  oi  of  a  bed.  He  got  up  and  found  that  he  had  been  rob  only  of  twenty  sovereigns,  but  of  his  watch.  The  fir  man  left  .the  room,  and  p  rosecu  t  or  t  o  ld  th  e  o  th  er  ,  ,wh  o, STYLE=superscript  concealed  herself,  that  he  sho  u  ld  a  t  a  ll  even  t  s  h  av  e  his  r  ;  0  0,  Whilst  expostulating  with  her,  a  man  came  into  the  doff  and  the  woman  gave  him  the  watch,  and  then  went  to  i  stairs.  The  gentleman  left  the  house  and  gave  informs  to  the  police.  So  r STYLE=superscript  Officer  (221)  arrested  the  prisoner  in  Spitalfields,  on  day  morning,  at  s  i  x  o  '  c  l  oc  k,  w  ith  17  sovere  i  gns  on  he  r STYLE=superscript  f  o  il  son,  and  prosecutor  n  ow  f  u  lly  id  en  tifi  e  d  h  er  as  the  /  1 STYLE=superscript  40  1 STYLE=superscript  who  had  concealed  he  rse  lf  i  n  th  e  room  .  Sh  e  wa  s  sell'  to  three  months'  imprisonment.  RoO  IMPORTANT  INVESTIGATION.—S  USPECTED  LAS-  ,„, STYLE=superscript  s  4  BERIES  OF  CorroN.—Anne  Sheridan  was  charged  and  hi  following  circum  s  t  ances  :  —l  n  f  orma  ti  on  h  a  d  b  een  r  ecei/  o  ft  the  police  that  four  large  bags  of  good  cotton,  4 STYLE=superscript  ,..  fi  ceP  were  got  at  Oldham,  u  n  d  er  susp  i  c  i  ous  circunis  - STYLE=superscript  ot  A  detective  officer  was  sent  down  to  examine  into  the  lo  t  ter.  He  found  that  it  had  been  purchased  on  Satord  a STYLE=superscript  l  io  cP  by  parties  trading  as  Lees  and  B  eaumon  t,  who  deal  ill  c STYLE=superscript  o  d'  from  the  prisoner.  Th  ose  parties  were  also  ill  3.  woman  ;  nace.  f  h  t  Mr.  Clough  stated  that  it  was  s  t  rong  l  y  sus  p  ec  ted  r  - STYLE=superscript  115  3 STYLE=superscript  oir  t  present  case  was  connected  with  th  a  t  o  f  t  h  e  l  a  t  e  feloul°  os  taining  of  a  large  quantity  o  f  b  a  l  es  o  f  co  tt  on  by  ote  frog STYLE=superscript  forged  orders,  issued  by  a  person  in  their  employorn  r  '  e  por  s STYLE=superscript  ,  Messrs.  Leddon  and  Co.,  (as  m  en  ti  one  d  i  n  our  polle  e STYLE=superscript  ode'  at  the  time).  The  cotton  examined  in  Bolton  corresP  in  every  respect  with  that  from  the  Messrs.  Leddoc.  00  (1  1 STYLE=superscript  Lees  and  Beaumont  had  paid  the  prisoner  two  J  P  3o  itoo  , STYLE=superscript  on  account  of  the  quantity  of  cotton  found  at  w  ittg  ,  and  the  amount  it  c  ame  t  o  ,  accord  i  ng  to  their  own  s  u  ll STYLE=superscript  „;  tb`  was  £8  4s.  10d.  M  r  .  Cl  oug  h  a  l  so  mentioned  prisoner  Sheridan's  husband  had  been  convicted  of  s  t STYLE=superscript  d  e STYLE=superscript  beeo  hemp,  which  . STYLE=superscript  had  come  f  rom  B  e  lf  as  t  ;-  an  d  t  h  at  he  ha  ion  sr  tried,  but  not  convicted,  f  or  h  av  i  ng  i  n  his  Pot,  v  quantity  of  stolen  cotto  n  ,  a  t  th  e  sess  i  ons  b  e  fore  1  0 STYLE=superscript  .  1,  0  00'  consequence  of  the  repeated  so  li  c  it  a  ti  ons  o  f  the  P  o  Mr.  Mansfield  had  ordered  the  cotton  to  be  given  °  t  hat  14  about  the  Ist  of  October,  and  h  er  defence  nevi.  l° STYLE=superscript  '  s  be  11 STYLE=superscript  ,4  cotton  sold  in  Bolton  was  p  ar  t  o  f  that  ooh  s  wili  Z,A  received  ou  the  uragiatrutc'b  ordcr.  that  it  was  quite  of  a  different  deseriptiov•  en  orra°ll'  said  that  the  encouragement  o  f  Crime  wasit  Sea  n  it  demanded  very  t  r  es  p  s  e  e  r  c  i  t  o  t  u  e  to  stolen  ff  orts  cotton  t  s  o  u  n  ppre  tor  s  e  s_  p  it  a  .  a  ll'  ck  it  al  asumers  The  case  was  remanded  for  further  investigatio  n. STYLE=superscript  s  t  o  le  S  t.  COMMITMENTS.—Mary  Powers,  convicted  of  havi  t.  l4 STYLE=superscript  ,  o  ll  o'  on  Wednesday  afternoon,  a  piece  of  beef  from  th  e STYLE=superscript  - STYLE=superscript  b  e  Or  Joseph  Birtles,  St.  John's  market,  was  ordered  to  n,  f  o  r  prisoned  for  1  days.  James  McCann,  same  stealing  281bs.  of  coal  from  the  yard  of  Mr.  Atkins,  133 STYLE=superscript  ton-street.--14  days'  imprizonment.  John  lielior  rtio,l  charged  with  being  found  at  11  o'clock  a.m./  vest  ems  ,.  concealed  in  the  smiths'  shop  in  the  Liverpool  WO  roe  , STYLE=superscript  under  a  bench.  The  shop  is  allowed  to  be  used  by  t  1 STYLE=superscript  1:  - STYLE=superscript  ',  0  to  employed  in  the  works  of  Messrs.  Bennett,  as  a  sate  Os  . STYLE=superscript  put  up  their  tools.  It  was  found•  that  a  cupboard  cted  place  had  been  broken  open  and  a  pair  of  shoes  abst7Ao  from  a  bag  deposited  there.—The  prisoner  was  two  months'  imprisonment  with  hard  labour.  sa  of  A  PROFLIGATE.—IsabeIIa  ilyam,  a  young  Rom  pr  oo  rather  prepossessing  appearance,  was  charged  by  a  P  w  giving  his  name  as  Henry  Vaughan,  and  who  said.,„  be STYLE=superscript  i  nt  att'  packer  in  the  employment  of  Bull  and  Co.,  3 STYLE=superscript  ,  street,  with  stealing  a  watch  and  gold  ring,  his  proper  ts  o  Vaughan  stated  that  the  prisoner  came  to  hun,,,  that  her  husband  had  beaten  and  ill-used  her.  Il  e STYLE=superscript  fit)  afternoorlior  lodgings  for  her,  furnished  them,  and  lived  in  then  l STYLE=superscript  her.  He  had  laid  the  watch  and  ring  on  the  eh/1310,1  the  and  missed  them  soon  a  ft  er  .  S  u  b  sequen  tly,  he  g  o STYLE=superscript  tickets,  and  found  they  had  b  een  pl  e  d  ge  d  by  Pr'  mother-in-law.  5  03 STYLE=superscript  In  defence,  Hyam  said  he  had  given  her  the  Waric  h STYLE=superscript  h  vi  o STYLE=superscript  ring,  putting  the  latter  on  her  finger,  and  the  watch  chain  round  her  neck.  The  magistrates  said  this  was  a  very  filthy  and  gliv— glivable  able glivable  case,  and  they  should  dismiss  it.  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES',&#34;  Is  Published  eoeiy  Morning  in  LIVERPOOL  and  MA  NCIIIS STYLE=superscript  simultaneously,  and  the  following  are  the  rates  and"
