text
"ANOTHER  PHASE  IN  THE  RUGELEY  POISONING  CASE  s  C STYLE=superscript  OURT  OF  QUEEN'S  BENCH.  Y—  _  ESTE  RDAY  lof  the  existence  of  the  bill  before  that  day.  No  application  bad  ever  been  made  to  her  before  this  for  the  payment  of  the  bill.  She  never  gave  any  one  authority  to  sign  her  name  to  it.  About  three  years  ago  she  accepted  two  bills  for  about  7001.  far  her  son,  but  she  had  security  for  it.  She  ver  accepted  a  bill  for  1,0001.  from  him.  Cross  examined—She  had  accepted  one  drawn  by  a  person  _  _  xton  ;  that  is  one  with  my  signature,  not  one  like  fiery  ;  that  was  accepted  for  his  accommodation,  she  did  not  then  think  she  would  have  to  pay  it.  Bux Buxton's  ton's Buxton's  bill  was  accepted  about  seven  or  eight  months  ago.  She  had  not  a  fresh  security  for  that  bill  ;  she  had  security  r  son  on  real  property  at  Stafford  to  the  amount  of  r  6,0001.  It  was  for  advances  made  at  different  The  whole  of  the  money,  5,0001.  or  6,000/.,  she  for  her  son  William,  came  out  of  the  Lichfield  Palmer  and  Green,  who  had  now  failed.  namal  from  I  5,0001.  esgrs  continued.—She  might  have  paid  £2OO  s  ago.  Her  son  William  was  still  in  her  rty  as  security.  She  could  lot  transact  her  business,  but  r  knew  or  heard  that  a  claim  When  she  paid  the  of  a  bill  drawn  e  could  not  say  that  she  had  not  advanced  The  bill  in  her  hand  at  that  moment  much  as  she  d  throu,;h  a  solicitor  had  been  made  upon  her  for  £l,OOO  £260  she  did  not  know  it  was  on  accout  was  not  in  her  handwriting.  The  learned  counsel  then  placed  some  papers  in  the  witness's  hand,  and  she  selected  three  as  genuine  signatures.  Mr.  G.  Palmer,  solicitor,  son  of  the  last  witness,  was  then  called,  and  examined  by  Mr.  Grey.  He  was  sure  the  bill  1  by  his  mother.  need  that  the  signature  on  the  bill  s  not  in  her  mother's  hand-writing.  liev.  Thomas  Palmer,  brother  of  the  accused,  of  Coulton  ed  that  the  signature  to  the  bill  in  ther's  handwriting.  ager  of  the  Rugeley  Bank,  deposed  i  , STYLE=superscript  znature  to  the  bill  for  £2,000  was  not  in  defen defenlant's  lant's defenlant's  handwriting;  he  should  not  pay  a  cheque  on  that  signature  without  confirmation.  Mr_  Lander,  solicitor,  Rugeley,  of  the  firm  of  Lander,  Gardiner,  and  Co.  deposed  that  he  b  e  lie  ve  d  th  e  s  i  gna  t  ure  was  not  in  the  defendant's  handwriting..  Mr.  James  Gardiner  of  the  above  firm  gave  similar  evidence,  as  did  Mr.  Joseph  Cope,  clerk  to  Mr.  George  in  questio❑  3drah  Palm  q  nestiir  Darbvshire,  Palmer,  and  Mr.  William  . STYLE=superscript  Barnett,  of  Pames,  near  Bir Birmingham.  mingham. Birmingham.  Mr.  Nethercliffe  deposed  he  had  compared  genuine  sig signatures  natures signatures  of  the  defendant's  with  the  one  in  dispute,  and  said  it  was  not  Mrs.  Palmer's  handwriting.  There  was  a  simi similarity  larity similarity  about  the  capital  letters  to  her  writing,  but  the  S  was  rather  carefully  and  slowly  done.  The  P  was  a  little  shakey.  The'  in  and  also  the  in  were  not  the  running-hand  like  Mrs.  Palmer's  but  the  round  text  schoolboy-hand.  This  was  written  slowly,  with  the  pen  frequently  taken  off  in  the  word  Palmer  no  less  than  five  times,  and  not  joined  again  ;  in  all  the  genuine  ones  the  letters  show  no  join  between  any  of  the  letters  It  wanted  also  the  freedom  of  a  genuine  signature.  It  was  close,  compact,  and  slowly  done.  This  was  the  defendant's  case.  The  plaintiff  then  called  William  Palmer,  who,  amidst  much  excitement,  entered  the  court  in  custody  of  an  officer.  The  prisoner  is  a  person  of  ordinary  height,  and  rather  corpulent.  Ho  has  round  and  rather  expressive  features,  with  a  light  complexion.  He  wears  little  whiskers,  and  hair  which  is  of  a  very  light  aubnrn.  His  eyes  are  also  of  a  light  colour,  but  very  ex expressive.  pressive. expressive.  He  entered  the  witness  box  in  a  perfectly  cool  and  collected  manner,  surveyed  leisurely  the  crowded  audience,  to  some  of  whom  he  nodded  in  a  familiar  manner,  appeared  to  fix  his  attention  on  some  person  located  near  thee  learned  counsel  who  conducted  the  plaintiff's  case.  The  prisoner  was  then  sworn,  and  answered  the  following  ques questions  tions questions  put  to  him  by  the  learned  counsel  in  a  low,  yet  -firm  and  distinct  voice,  betraying  not  the  least  hesitation  or  trepidation,  or  at  all  moved  by  the  gaz3  of  the  audience  collected  together  to  obtain  a  glimpse  of  an  individual  who  has  so  lately  obtained  so  much  notoriety.  Mr.  Edwin  James,  to  the  witness,  handing  him  the  bill  of  exchange—ls  the  signature  William  as  the  chewer  of  that  bill,  in  your  handwriting  ?  Palmer—Yes.  Mr.  E.  James—And  you  applied  to  Padwick  to  advance  you  money  on  it  ?  Prisoner—l  did.  Mr.  E.  James—Who  wrote  Sarah  Palmer's  acceptance  on  it  ?  Anne  Palmer  Mr.  E.  James—Who  is  she"
