text
"I  will  empla  td  the  pris,mer  to  go  to  the  store,  on  the  quay,  as  he  I  to  order  and  send  down  provisions  to  the  shin.  They  went,  and  t►ie  p  ner  Cart  he.  came  up  with  them,  he  asked  Rourke  if  he  y  money  ?  tie  replied,  he  had  235.,  just  what  Id  pay  s  fare  f  ad  bets(  .  Louis.  acid  lling  at  New  - STYLE=superscript  ie  other  prispner  then  said,  `,`  Oh.  I  ,n,  and  you  will  please  get  it  changed  for  nave  a  sever(  into  American  money,'  at  the  same  time  handing  him  what  appeared  to  1  into  a  3  to  go  to  the  sto  The  other  prisoner  took  6.ourke  to  a  store,  and  then  told  him  to  go  back,  and  tell  his  comrade  to  give  an  order  for  the  as  all  was  right.  The  poor  dupe  went  accordingly,  but  it  is  needless  to  say  that  he  did  not  find  the  head  man  in  charge  of  the  Thompson  and  Scaife  having  heard  of  the  swindle,  arrested  the  prisoners  in  the  house  alluded  to,  and  they  were  at  once  identified  by.  Rourke,  who  was  not  left  a  farthing  in  the  world.  It  was  really  lamentable  to  see  the  state  of  distraction  to  which  the  poor  fellow  was  reduced.  He  said  he  had  worked  long  and  hard  in  Ireland  to  collect  as  much  as  would  take  him  to  America  ;  he  had  paid  his  passage  to  New  Orleans,  and  had  the  235.  to  pay  his  fare  from  that  place  to  St.  Louis  —he  had  not  a  farthing  more  on  earth.  The  prisoners  said  it  was  a  pure  fiction  on  the  part  of  the  complainant;  they  had  never  seen  him  before.  In  reply  to  the  magis magistrate,  trate, magistrate,  the  complainant  said  he  was  quite  sure  of  the  identity  of  the  prisoners.  The  officers  said  Burke  had  described  the  prisoners  so  accurately,  that  they  (the  officers),  directly  knew  them.  They  had  had  more  trouble  with  the  prisoners  than  with  all  the  other  thieves  in  Liverpool.  Cunningham  said  that  was  a  libel  on  his  character!  as  he  was  a  highly  respectable  pig pigdealer  dealer pigdealer  and  cattle  driver.  (Laughter.)  The  officers  said  the  prisoners  had  been  in  custody  several  times  on  charges  similar  to  the  present,  but  they  always  managed  to  get  off  for  short  periods  of  imprisonment,  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  the  prosecutors  going  away.  Cunningham  said  that  was  another  libel  on  his  character,  and  he  certainly  would  bring  an  action  against  the  officers  for  damages,  as  he  had  never  been  charged.  before.  Mr.  Anderton,  the  second  clerk,  on  looking  over  the  records  of  the  court,  said  Carberry  had  been  seven  times  con convicted,  victed, convicted,  and  six  times  discharged,  and  Cunningham  had  been  six  times  convicted,  and  six  times  discharged.  Mr.  Hornby  said  the  prisoners  were  a  pair  of  audacious  villains,  and  he  should  certainly  send  them  for  trial,  but  for  the  departure  of  the  poor  Irishman.  He  would  therefore  send  them  to  gaol  for  two  months  each,  with  hard  labour.  Mr.  Clough,  with  his  usual  good  nature  and  benevolence,  said  he  would  try  and  do  something  for  the  poor  fellow  who  had  been  so  grossly  swindled  of  all  his  hard-earned  cash.  POLICE  COURT-SATURDAY  (BEFORE  MR.  11.  HORNBY.)  A  YOUNG  SIIOPLTPTER.-A  girl,  not  more  than  nine  years  of  age,  named  Margaret  Kirwan,  was  charged  with  having  stolen  4lbs  of  bacon  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Rothwell,  No.  4,  Great  illmer.street,  The  girl  went  into  the  shop  and  asked  for  a  pennyworth  of  cheese,  and  whilst  there  she  took  the  'neon,  which  had  been  on  the  counter,  and  which  was  found  upon  her  when  followed  into  the  street.  The  girl  said  a  woman  sent  her  to  take  the  bacon,  but  her  story  was  not  credited,  and  she  was  committed  for  fourteen  days.  NOT  PursEßvm—Two  youths,  named  John  Rice,  and  Thomas  Wynne,  were  charged  by  Constable  579,  who  said  he  saw  them  leaving  the  Coburg  dock,  and  on  approaching  him  they  d  ascertained  t  broken  open,  aoci  tt  tied  for  prisoner  were  corn  tarp  Gellin  loyment  of  arged  with  Margaret  6  ilcrest,  7  led  to  for  one  moot  robbed  him  of  a  four  dolinri  in  si  arrived  from  posset,  and  whilst  in  a  state  of  unconsciousness  he  was  fleeced  of  ever  y  thing.  A  portion  of  the  money  was  found  on  the  pris  - STYLE=superscript  merg,  and  it  was  proved  they  had  put,  chased  prisoners  were  committed  for  one  month  each  AN  UNGRATFFUL  SCOUNDREL.—A  young  fellow,  named  George  Roberts,  with  fiery  red  hair,  a  sharp,  intelligent  face,  and  the  characteristic  bumps,  according  to  phren phrenologists,  ologists, phrenologists,  of  music  highly  developed,  charged  a  fellow,  named  James  Connor,  with  having  stolen  his  fiddle.  His  story  was  a  sad  one.  fie  said  his  father  and  tno!her  lived  at  Manchester,  but  had  suffered  a  long  time  from  ill-health,  and  could  not  earn  anything.  Being  a  good  performer  on  the  fiddle,  he  went  about  playing,  and  thus  earned  what  kept  his  parents  and  two  brothers  and  sisters  in  a  little  fond.  At  Warrington,  he  fell  in  with  the  prisoner  at  a  public  house  where  he  was  performing.  Ths  prisoner  induced  him  to  accompany  him  to  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  where  he  said  a  fortune  awaited  him.  He  played  along  the  road  at  several  places,  the  prisoner  collecting  the  money,  and  lived  in  good  style  on  the  receipts.  On  arriving  here,  he  picked  up  a  trifle  about  Waterloo Waterlooroad,  road, Waterlooroad,  the  prisoner  all  the  time  acting  as  cash-taker.  At  last,  on  Friday  evening,  the  prisoner  sent  him  a  message,  telling  him  be  would  take  care  of  the  fiddle  until  he  returned.  When  the  poor  lad  came  back,  the  prisoner  was  gone,  and  what  was  wove,  the  fiddle  was  found  to  have  been  pledged  for  6s.  The  prisoner  was  remanded,  and  the  worthy  magistrate  told  Mr.  Clough  to  take  care  of  the  boy  for  the  preser,t.  (BEFORE  MR.  MANSFIELD.)  SELLING  DISEASED  MEAT.  —TWO  men,  named  Edward  Evans  and  RThert  Edwards,  were  summoned  by  Inspec Inspector  tor Inspector  Read,  for  exposing  for  sale  twenty  ppunds  of  dis diseased  eased diseased  mutton.  Edwards  pleaded  in  extenuation  of  his  offence,  that  he  had  not  been  brnnght  up  to  the  butcher butchering  ing butchering  trade,  but  Mr.  Mansfield  said  that  there  would  be  no  excuse  admitted  in  such  cases,  and  inflicted  a  fine  of  twenty  shillings  and  costs.  Evans  did  not  appear,  but  the  same  fine  was  inflicted  also  in  his  case.  WA  R  NING  TO  HOUSEKEEPERS.—Two  Welshmen,  named  William  Hughesand  John  Turner,  were  respectively  tined  5s  and  costs,  and  40s  and  costs,  the  first,  for  exposing  for  sale  a  quantity  of  Welsh  mutton,  stuffed  with  fa  - STYLE=superscript  ,  to  give  it  the  appearance  of  plumpness,  and  the  other  for  exposing  a  carcase  of  ewe  mutton,  stuffed  with  fat  in  the  the  same  manner,  to  represent  wether  mutton.  WIPE  DESEHTION.—A  man  named  Peter  Matth  ?Ars  was  brought  up  in  custody,  charged  with  having  deserted  his  wife  and  family,  and  left  them  chargeable  to  the  parish.  He  was  earning  good  wages  in  Birmingham,  where  he  was  apprehended,  but  :pent  nearly  all  his  money  in  drink.  He  was  committed  for  two  months  with  hard  labour.  Dtsso  UTIONS  OF  PARTNEMIIIP.—T.  Cordingley  and  G.  Rastrick,  Bradford,  Yorkshire,  plasters.  M.  Philips,  Sir  G.  R.  Philips,  Bart.,  J.  W.  Philips,  R.  N.  Philips.  J.  Chadwick,  and  G.  Murton,  Tean  and  Cheadle,  Staffordshire,  and  Eagley,  Lancashire,  and  Stareley,  Westmoreland,  and  City  of  London,  smallware  mannfacturers,  so  far  as  reoards  G.  Murton.  H.  W.  Ripley,  J.  Broadbent,  end  W.  II  McCrohen,  Bradford,  Yorkshire,  merchants.  C.  Stanley  I  J.  It  3)wer,  G  Wrlnri  Lila  bad  been  I  Pe.q3'  the  cnn  tables  that  th.  3  train  should  run  the  whole  way  from  Peterborough  to  Hull,  and  that  was  sufficient.  Viewing  t  as  a  case  of  contract,  he  held  the  defendants  'id  not  see  that  anv  inconvenience  that  principle.  Under  at  the  judgment  of  the  other  judges"
