text
"Sov  rein,  reace,  L  mclu  Diu,  Jane  34.  Are  dia  au❑  e  lan.l  it.  A  tte  icy,  o.e.in  B  ide,  and  Charier,  Gul  I  aylor--all  lirn  .e  at  Now  Orleans  Eqxine,  from  Oils  eve  ..,means—sailed  horn  Br.stal  o.;  7  11  Weetaber,  ramba  u,  •Ileyn,  fr  - STYLE=superscript  nu  shanghai  at  Anger,  for  Liverpool.  BAr,mettorn  Long.!  at  41  ngei,  to  , STYLE=superscript  S  ttg.ti  ore.  miles  I:arton,  from  Nl,luouriie  and  cleared  fa  Qi  A  chymist,  and  Benjamin  flaipe,  !)al  bath  from  ➢7s:bourne  Matt  John  Dagriale,  from  11  rig  K  n¢  at  Mini+l,.  r  erwics  Wall,  ',wile  I  fr  50,,n.111  to.  Queenstown,  r•ov.  13r  h-t  , STYLE=superscript  ce  at  s  a  ru  ti  Glad.  1'  yl,r,  horn  II  and  Cairn  lons,  troll  No  Biaglal  , STYLE=superscript  ,,a.  Jolla  But  —all  lieu  , STYLE=superscript  C  ;it  Sitig.pore  athi  bay  ick  DI  u,  fr  ni  51elbourn,  —all  4;  C  Ala  Z  i  a:),  from  1,0111.1  I.:nd:)rut,k,  and  La!mln  Cs.),  Br  Joint  n.  S  , STYLE=superscript  mn  Amo  Isle  of  France,  from  the  Cycle;  and  'jaw'  Nl'Dou.:al,  Prom  V  for  Homba  poa  at  Sin:apore,  and  sailed  e  sailed  from  Sit  gvore:Nov.  - STYLE=superscript  26  ;  Juniet,  1).  c.  8  ;  Joha  r  m  Poas  Dec.  19  -  for  Dyer',  ()I.  Cie,cent  City,  Nov.  LO,  fur  bo  Ameiic4  (It.M.S.),  it  'floe  at  Boston  City  of  Bo  tan,  Anderson  henc  City  of  M,utrc  Chart:  s;  on  and  Puliock,Litt!e—both  hence  10  War  Cio.td.  M'lray,  from  Portsmouth  at  Mobil  , STYLE=superscript  N  , STYLE=superscript  hence  at  ,tew  York.  Nerhertou,  from  Bahia  a;  Ncei  York;  experienced  very  head/  arty  ince,  Guthrie  ;  Henry.  Calii  , STYLE=superscript  un  ;  Donhe  4er.  Robtrtson—all  hence  at  Mobile.  Madawaska  sailed  from  Chinchas  for  England,  De:.  S  4  opian,  Tal  , STYLE=superscript  oniiie.  hence  at  St.  Thomas.  Ali,  Jane,  hence  at  Jamaica.  Isis,  Lister,  from  Santa  Martha  at  Savanila.  Champion  sailed  f  Savanilla  for  Liverpool,  Dec.  30.  Betsey  Hall,  Tucker,  from  Genoa  at  Vera  C.u.,t  and  called  fo  r STYLE=superscript  Laguna,  Dec.  28.  Cardiff  Lass,  Jenkins,  hence  at  Santander.  Liechnrdt  sailed  from  Shanghae  Nov.  22;  and  Crisis,  fro  ° STYLE=superscript  Wbampoa,  Dec.  4—both  for  Liverpool.  Mangertou,  Smith,  from  Sydney;  Sobraon,  R'ce,  from  ealcutts;  and  Irene,  Louis,  from  Currachee  —all  at  Bombay.  Ameri..a  sailed  from  Bombay  tor  Liverpool,  Dee.  22;  Hydrabad  for  Calcutta,  Dec.  18;  and  Mermaid  for  China,  Dec.  23.  Laidmans,  Walls,  from  Calcutta  at  Madras.  Rapid,  Taylor,  from  Singapore  at  Anjer,  for  Mauritius.  Burlington,  Gamble;  Heroes  of  Alma;  and  John  unyau  from  Hong  Kong  ;  Narragansit,  Edmonds;  and  Joshua  Bates--.  both  fi  om,Shangbae  ;  and  Carib,  from  Foo-cllon4o  o  —  a  li  a  t  Apiers.  City  of  Washington  (s.),  hence  at  Marseille  s  .  Nundeeps,  hence  at  Scilly,  and  left  for  St.  Michaels,  Vixen,  William  Henry,  Barbara,  Elizabeth,  Isabella,  and  Rapb  e STYLE=superscript  —all-hence  at  Gibraltar.  Emerald  (s.),  cleared  from  Gibraltar  for  Liverpool,  Jan.  10.  Wakeham,  hence  at  Alexandretta,  and  left  for  Swedia.  Wave,  hence  at  Alexandretta,  and  left  for  Beyrout.  RenOvatibit  .sailed  from  Saleumbe  for  Liverpool.  , STYLE=superscript  Jan.  30.  Bolina,  Mary  Koblason,  North  Atlan  tic,  and  Lizzy  Thompsork  all  hence  at  Calcutta.  •  Peri,  hence  at  Beyrout.  .  •  Spartan  o  Barclay  ;  Oa  BIRTH,  On  the  Bth  ultimo,  at  New  Orleans,  the  wife  of  Georg*  B.  Shute'  E.q.,  of  Liverpool,  of  a  son  and  heir.  DEATH.  On  the  3lat  ultimo.  In  the  72nd  y  ea  r  o  f  h  er  age  ,  M  ary,  t  h  e  wlO  l STYLE=superscript  of  the  late  Thomas  Phillips,  of  Stoke  Newington,  London,  mother  of  Mrs.  Lang,  Btont-hill,  near  Liverpool.  l  a  r  Births,  Marriages,  and  Deaths,  are  only  inserted  when  OP OPour  our OPour  Office  duly  authenticated.  The  prospectus  of  the  Ceylon  railway  company  is  issu,o  The  capital  is  one  million  sterling,  in  20!  shares,  on  wino  the  : STYLE=superscript  deposit  is  to  bell  per  share,  The  line  proposed  is  at  connect  Colombo  with  the  interior,  and  will  be  seventy  milea  in  length.  .  The  Euxine  submarine  telegraph  cable,  recently  broke  ll STYLE=superscript  '  will  not,  it  is  exp  ec  t  e  d,  be  re-established  before  April  De  st• STYLE=superscript  Messages  for  transmission'  to'  Paris  and  London,  are  presentt  conveyed  h  fr  om  o  t  n  h  .  e  Crimea  by  steamer,  to.  Yung-,  th STYLE=superscript  e  THE  LATE  :JO  HN  •L  ALOR  ,  with  deep  .r.ekf,rel  ornament  mweenrtecoor  the  rdthe  da  de  ly.  at  p  h  i  p  e  f  ss  th  o  i  f  s  uiitoungentleman,tray.  i‘distiinr.g.iftt;'ll,oor.  was  educated  at  Trinity  CollegeY  Dublin  where  i  a  talent  and  assiduity  attracted'  much  notice.  On  ctla  n  , STYLE=superscript  to  London  he  became  connected  with  t  h  e  Morning  Ch  9  icle.  and  eventually  was  ippointed.one  of  the  chief:  Or,  of  that  paper,  remaining  in  that  capacity  for,  we  beti`ie  o STYLE=superscript  l  five  or  six  years.  'With  the  disposal  of  'the  Clero  Sir  John  .Easthope,  Mr,  La;or  retired  from  the  t'  t  o  press,  his  health  being  at  the  time  in  a  ,  shattered  6 STYLE=superscript  s  A  from  the.eilects,  of  ove  r  -  wor  k  .  M  r.  Lalor  '  s  3 STYLE=superscript  journalist  and  contributor  to,  our  Quarterly  were  singularly  p  l  easing  a  n  d  popular,  and  throngtt.ilil'  critical.  period  his  coensels  exercised  considerable  once  upon  passin;  events.  CHARG  E  br  DESTIt  YISG  TETE  HOLY  boy  'named  Thomi.,  Geraghty,  a  vendor  of  bug-et  sitopeof  was  brought  up  in  at  the  College-street„re,,Olo  court,  Dublin,  charged  by  the  Rev.  William  11 STYLE=superscript  ,  t  tipper  itathmines,  with  .having  destroyed  a  col'&#34;  ° STYLE=superscript  t STYLE=superscript  '  Holy  Binle  at  Portobello  Canal,  on  the  previous  d'  0 STYLE=superscript  0  ,„.(  5 STYLE=superscript  ;  appeared  that  the  prisoner  W  45  selling  hi  s  s  ycel.!'  io  o  f  and  had,  for  the  purp  o  s  e  o  f  w  r  app  i  ng  up  such  artic„  might  he  purchased,  a  nonsidemble  portion  of  a  f  . STYLE=superscript  it  '  00  the  Bible,  in  a  small  e  di  t  i  on  ,  very  similar  in  size  11 STYLE=superscript  '  c'  to  the  fragments  of  pocket  Bibles  produced  at  the STYLE=superscript  i  111  ;0  trial  of  Father  Viadimer  Petcherine.  The  lOgi,c  t STYLE=superscript  •  0  uh  the  icsaiisael;  conceivingeo,  t  er  et  that,  nd  obrdeeLint°:ll„;:vrgileiciji;  offencedism  i  -s  e  a  d  p  t  that  it:was  committed  'for  the  purpose  of  is  ev  Scripture•L'or  religion,  into  contempt,  and  was  net  aff  irded  in  the  case  before  him.  Printed  a-d  Publiphed  by  CllAlti  ES  WILI.I4IFR,  of  9  , STYLE=superscript  1  t,  street,  a  his  General  Planting  at.d  Stationary  Estshio'  Beath  John-strest,  Liverpool.  FRIDAY,  F  I STYLE=superscript  LBRUAILY.  1,  1856...,•"
