text
"parts  they  are  too  high.  All  this  will  come  out  in  detail.  If  any  member  seconds  Mr.  Jones's  proposition,  we  shall  then  know  what  the  sense  of  the  meeting  is.  Mr.  OA.TO  seconded  the  motion.  Mr.  M'ELROY;  Mr.  Jones  will  guarantee  this  will  cure  eveqthing.  Mr.  JONES  :  No,  no.  Mr.  M'Eutoy  :  You  talk  so  sanguinely  about  it,  one  is  led  to  imagine  you  would.  Mr.  DAWSON  :  I  guarantee  it  will  cure  all  the  inferior  men.  They  will  have  to  run  from  the  trade.  They  cannot  keep  up  with  the  good  men,and  it  will  drive  away  all  the  in inferior  ferior inferior  men.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Should  the  same  Committee  draw  up  the  scale  of  prices,  or  will  you  form  another  Committee  ?  Mr.  CATO  thought  they  should  get  some  of  the  older  firms  to  join  them,  such.  as  Mr.  Royden,  Mr.  Chaloner,  and  Mr.  Clarke.  They  , STYLE=superscript  ought  to  be  invited  to  join  in  forming  a  book  of  prices;  and  he  begged  to  propose  that  six  additional  members  should  be  added  to  the  Committee,  to  include  the  names  of  some  of  the  oldest  members  of  the  Association.  Mr.  PAUL  :  Why  not  leave  it  an  open  Committee,  and  solicit  them  to  come  in.  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  Cato,  the  following  names  were  added  to  the  Committee:  Messrs.  Royden,  Chaloner,  Clarke,  and  Miller.  — STYLE=superscript  Mr.  DAwsoN  said,  there  would  be  no  difficulty  in  draw drawing  ing drawing  up  the  prices.  They  were  quite  sufficiently  acquainted  with  the  trade  to  carry  out  a  book  of  prices,  even  if  it  were  left  to  three  or  four  of  them.  The  CHAIRMAN  intimated  that  Mr.  Cato  had  something  to  communicate.  Mr.  CA.TO  :  Yesterday  an  occurrence  took  place  in  my  yard  respecting  my  apprentice  boys,  which  is  a  very  grievous  affair.  lam  in  the  habit  of  binding  my  apprentices,  or  most  of  them.  Within  the  last  eighteen  months  I  have  neglected  this  ;  but,  however,  the  great  proportion  of  my  boys  are  bound,  and  yesterday  my  managing  man  at  the  yard  was  about  to  bind  a  young  boy  who  had  been  there  some  six  months,  and  on  being  .brought  into  the  office  to  be  bound,  he  refused  to  sign  the  indentures.  He  was  then  told,  as  he  refused,  he  must  walk  about  his  business.  When  this  became  known  to  the  rest  of  the  apprentice  boys  in  the  yard,  they  discontinued  their  labour,  and  said  they  would  work  no  longer.  They  all  assembled  outside  the  gate  of  the  yard,  and  I  went  and  asked  them  why  they  left  their  work.  They  stated  it  was  in  consequence  of  my  manager  discharging  a  boy  because  he  refused  to  be  hound,  and  they  added,  they  would  not  allow  me  to  bind  my  boys,  as  it  was  coutrory  to  the  rules  and  regulations  of  their  club  (great  laughter)  ;  and  that  they  would  not  work  for  me.  There  are  60  uf  them  left  my  yard,  and  gone,  Ido  not  know  where.  I  hope  and  trust  the  masters  belonging  to  this  Association  will  not  en encourage  courage encourage  or  employ  them.  I  have  sent  a  list  of  their  names  to  each  respective  master,  and  when  they  get  that  list,  I  trust  they  will  give  them  no  encouragement.  Out  of  the  56,  there  are  8  or  10  who  are  bound,  and  I  shall  take  speedy  and  immediate  steps  for  their  apprehension.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  CHAIIIMA.N  :  I  think  you  may  take  it  for  granted  that  no  master  of  this  Association  will  employ  them.  Mr.  APELROY  had  all  his  apprentices  bound,  with  three  exceptions,  and  those  three  boys  having  objected  to  be  bound  for  the  same  reason,  he  ordered  them  to  go  about  their  busi business,  ness, business,  until  they  had  made  up  their  minds  to  be  bound.  They  had  since  been  travelling  around.  They  offered  to  return  if  he  would  not  insist  on  binding  them,  but  he  objected  to  that—they  should  be  bound.  Mr.  CATO  :  I  would  strongly  recommend  every  master,  whatever  apprentices  he  takes,  to  bind  them.  Mr.  GRAYSON  had  all  his  apprentices  bound.  Mr.  DewsoN  had  tried  the  binding  system,  and  he  had  no  less  thanseven'apprentices  at  one  time  in  the  House  of  Cor Correction  rection Correction  (laughters,  and  instead  of  being  improved  he  found  they  became  worse.  _  _  The  CHAIRMAN  suggested  that  some  arrangement  should  be  made  with  the  men  not  take  them  into  their  club.  Mr.  CATO  had  spoken  to  Mr.  Neill  on  the  subject,  and  he  said  he  would  bring  the  matter  before  the  men  to-night,  and  that  he  would  do  everything  in  his  power  to  prevent  the  men  giving  them  encouragement.  Hitherto  the  boys  were  under  an  impression  they  could  be  employed  by  the  men.  Mr.  W.  B.  JONES  suggested  that  whilst  the  book  of  prices  was  in  preparation  that  it  should  be  submitted  to  the  men  to  take  contracts  for  _vessels  in  the  meantime,  so  that  the  work  of  the  port  might  not  be  delayed.  Mr.  M'ET.Ror  :  Yes,  and  let  the  prices  be  fixed  between  the  masters  and  men.  -  Mr.  M'KEVERIGAN  said  there  was  an  understanding  to  that  effect  at  the  meeting.  Mr.  FITZPATRICK  was  of  opininion  that  a  clause  should  be  introduced  into  each  indenture  compelling  apprentices  to  attend  the  Mechanics'  Institution  nightly.  To  induce  them  to  do  so,  he  would  suggest  that  a  premium  should  be  given  to  him  who  was  most  attentive.  Some  of  the  masters  gave  their  boys  9d.  a-day  allowance,  and  the  result  was  he  could  not  go  into  a  public-'house  to  get  a  glass  of  ale  without  meeting  there  a  half  dozen  of  boys  drinking  in  a  shameless  manner.  The  people  of  Liverpool  would  be  glad  to  see  those  boys  attending  school  in  the  evening.  One  of  his  (Mr.  Fitzpatrick's)  boys  had  taken  prizes  at  the  Mechanics'  Insti Institution  tution Institution  for  two  successive  years,  and  he  wished  that  all  the  the  apprentices  would  follow  this  lad's  example  instead  of  spending  their  evenings  learning  to  smoke  and  chew  tobacco  at  the  corners  of  the  streets.  He  trusted  this  subject  would  be  taken  up  and  carried  out  by  the  association.  On  one  occassion  he  paid,  at  the  Mechanics'  Institution,  for  every  lad  hit  hati_  and  thn  first  rennrt  hn  hair  Prim  lb..  was  that  not  one  of  them  had  attended  there  more  than  seven  nights.  Mr.  CATO  said  he  was  a  member  of  the  Mechanics'  Insti Institution,  tution, Institution,  and  a  great  number  of  his  apprentices  went  there.  Mr.  GRAYSON  explained  that  the  9d.  a-day  allowance  given  to  apprentices  was  paid  in  money,  in  addition  to  their  wages,  not  given  in  drink  as  parties  might  infer  from  Mr.  Fitzpatrick's  remarks.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  The  original  intention  of  this  allowance  was  to  compensate  for  the  additional  injury  done  to  boys  clothes  in  the  graving  docks.  Mr.  W.  B.  JONES  thought  it  would  be  an  improvement  if  the  association  raised  a  fund  to  take  the  park  theatre  and  turn  it  into  a  school.  (Laughter).  He  saw  plenty  of  those  boys  around  there  now  in  the  evenings.  — STYLE=superscript  Mr.  FITZPATRICK  said  the  matter  should  not  be  made  a  joke  of.  •  Mr.  Peur.  :  Are  we  to  understand  that  this  Association  givesup  the  idea  of  introducinc  , STYLE=superscript  strangers  into  the  town  or  of  making  them  free.  The  great  object  of  this  association  was  to  break  down  a  monopoly  which  exists  here—a  monoply  which  does  not  allow  any  other  shipwright  in  the  kingdom  to  work  alongside  those  men  in  Liverpool.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  That  certainly  was  my  object.  Mr.  PAUL  :  I  thought  it  was  the  object  of  all  those  meetings.  Mr.  M  4 STYLE=superscript  ELnoy  :  The  question  was  put  by  me  directly,  so  that  there  was  no  getting  clear  of  it  in  any  way,  have  you  any  objection,  or  will  you  allow  even  the  men  who  are  now  in  Liverpool,  not  belonging  to  your  club,  to  work  with  you  The  answer  was,  cannot  and  will  Mr.  PAUL:  Let  that  go  to  the  world  fully.  Let  the  world  understand  that  this  is  a  monstrous  monopoly  which  you  cannot  break  down:  Mr.  JONES  :  Strangers  can  come  and  take  work.  Mr.  GRAYSON  :  It  won't  prevent  strangers  from  coming  here.  Mr.  M'ELnoY  was  of  opinion  if  they  had  a  sufficient  number  of  men,  the  system  of  working  by  the  day  would  be  better.  That  was  why  he  dissented  from  piece  work.  Mr.  CLARKE  said  his  firm  had  employed  strangers  for  the  last  six  months,  owing  to  arrangements  made  at  that  period.  They  could  not  nor  should  they  think  of  turning  those  men  out  of  their  yard.  (Hear).  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Strangers  will  be  encouraged  as  they  have  been,  and  perhaps  more  so.  It  is  a  matter  for  the  consideration  of  the  committee.  The  proceedings  then  terminated.  ADVERTING  TO  ADVERTISE3IENTS.—It  can  scarcely  be  denied  that  the  times  have  placed  a  number  of  persons  in  unpleasant  situations  ;  and  it  is  equally  certain  that  a  number  of  unpleasant  situations  are  not  unfrequently  placed  in  the  Tintes.—Diogenes.  CHOLERA  ON  BOARD  THE  GUIDING  STAR.—The  Belfast  News  Letter  of  Monday,  says:  —lt  is  with  deep  concern  we  have  to  announce  the  following  facts,  the  accuracy  of  which  may  be  relied  on.  A  la  rge  an  d  splendid  emigrant  vessel,  the  Guiding  Star,  2,000  tons  burden  left  Liverpool  on  Thursday  se'nnight,anchored  in  our  Lough  en  Saturday  morning,  after  being  nine  days  in  the  Channel,  in  a  disabled  state,  and  with  Asiatic  cholera  of  a  very  fatal  type  rife  among  hn  passengers.  Shortly  atter  leaving  the  Mersey,  she  experienced  violent  gales,  lost  her  main-topmast,  main-yard,  and  several  of  her  spars  and  sails.  and  finally  was  obliged  to  enter  Belfast  Lough  to  refit.  Before  drop dropping  ping dropping  anchor  off  Cultra,  six  further  deaths  hed  occurred  on  board  from  cholera,  or  choleraic  diarrhoea,  and  during  the  day  (Saturday)  two  more  had  died,  making  nine  deaths  in  all.  On  the  intelligence  of  her  arrival,  under  these  circum circumstances,  stances, circumstances,  in  our  Lough,  Captain  De  Courcy,  the  Government  emigration  officer,accompanied  by  Dr.M‘Gee,Mayor,  and  Dr.  Pirrie,  medical  officer  of  the  Mercantile  Marine  Board,  visited  the  ship.  Dr:  Piarie,  on  his  return,  stated  that  eleven  perso  ns  were  lying  ill  on  board,  of  whom  ten  had  been  seized  with  cholera,  and  that  of  these  several  were  in  the  collapsed  stage.  Measures  were  at  once  taken  for  the  interment  on  shore  of  the  dead,  and  for  the  separation  of  the  sick  from  the  healthy.  The  captain  of  the  ship  sailed.  on  Saturday  evening  for  Liverpool,  for  the  purpose  of  bring bringing  ing bringing  over  a  powerful  steam-tug  to  take  the  Guiding  Star  to  her  own  port.  The  ship  has  a  medical  officer  on  board,  who,  we  have  been  informed,  has  been  unremitting  in  his  care  of  the  sufferers.  Ne  have  been  assured  that  all  proper  precautions  were  at  once  adopted  to  prevent  the  spread  of  contagion—if,  as  some  believe,  the  epidemic  be  really  contagious.  Since  Friday  night  five  new  cases  of  cholera  occurred  on  board  the  vessel.  According  to  information  received  at  a  late  hour  last  night,  we  learn  that  the  total  number  of  deaths  has  been  thirteen—viz.,  one  at  Liverpool,  six  at  sea,  and  six  in  Belfast  Lough.  The  dead  bodies  remaining  on  board  were  yesterday  evening  conveyed  to  the  burial  ground  of  the  Belfast  Workhouse,  and  there  interred.  The  sick,  in  number  twelve  or  thirteen,  have  been  removed  to  the  workhouse  hospital.  The  ship  was  left  free  from  disease.  JUST  THE  DIFFERENCE.--  , STYLE=superscript  The  enthilsifistle  ad  mirers  of  the  tragedian  since  the  days  .  of  Edmund  (vide  advertisement),  now  boast,  that  since  Mr.  G.  V.  Brooke  h  as  r  i  sen  to  the  top  of  the  tree,  Mr.  Phelps  has  gone  to  the  Bottom.—Diogenes  Illi"
