text
"system.  The  hypothesis  adduced,  is,  that  as  young  people's  morals  are  liable  to  be  corrupted,  the  best  way  to  preserve  their  purity  is  to  prevent,  as  far  as  practicable  the  possibility  of  contamination  from  without  A  most  specious,  flimsy,  and  contempti contemptible.pretext  ble.pretext contemptible.pretext  ;  and  one  which  deserves  to  be  com combatted  batted combatted  and  overthrown.  Why,  on  the  same  prin principle,  ciple, principle,  the  law  would  be  justified  in  authorising  the  strangulation  of  children—and  with  far  greater  reason  ;  for  whilst  moral  purity  might  not  suffer  in  the  one  case,  it  is  sure  to  suffer  in  the  other.  Then  the  Hindoo  mother  performs  an  acceptable  service  in  depositing  her  children  in  the  sacred  the  Thames  and  the  Mersey  might  properly  become  as  renowned  as  the  Ganges  !  The  preservation  of  moral  purity  forsooth  !  by  means  of  long  and  toilsome  hours  of  labour  !  Why  if  we  know  ought  respecting  the  principles  of  physiology,  there  could  not  be  a  better  or  speedier  method  devised  for  destroying  all  moral  sentiment,  than  that  now  adopted  for  its  preserva preservation.  tion. preservation.  The  argument  simply  amounts  to  a  miser miserable  able miserable  quibble  ;  and  is  exactly  the  reverse  of  the  truth.  When  through  a  course  of  toil,  continuous  confinement,  and  impure  air,  the  human  system  becomes  enfeebled,  the  grosser  passions  are  more  liable  to  attain  development,  and  an  unhealthy  mental  craving  is  induced  anything  but  favourable  to  moral  purity  !  An  almost  irresistible  disposition  is  thereby  engendered  which  urges  young  men  to  courses  of  dissipation  whenever  they  S  can  find  a  chance  or  opportunity  favours.  Such  most  cer certainly  tainly certainly  would  not  be  the  result  had  they  more  leisure  for  healthful  repose,  innocent  recreation,  and  refined  sources  of  enjoyment.  We  again  use  our  pen  in  the  righteous  advocacy  of  the  Early  Closing  movement;  and  in  utter  con condemnation  demnation condemnation  of  the  opposite  system—whatever  be  the  pretext  upon  which  it  is  adopted.  Let  employers  argue  the  question  both  upon  private  and  public  grounds;  and  not  one  intelligent  shopkeeper  will  be  so  Conservative  as  to  conserve  injustice  !  Let  purchasers,  too,  become  better  acquainted  with  the  injury  they  inflict  upon  numerous  individuals  by  the  thoughtless  habit  of  buying  goods  at  an  ad advanced  vanced advanced  period  of  the  day,  and  the  remedy  is  at  once  found.  But  here  lies  the  difficulty.  Unfortunately,  what  is  everybody's  business  is  proved  to  be  no nobody's  body's nobody's  business—and  fearful  evils  remain  unreme unremedied,  died, unremedied,  simply  because  each  member  of  society  con conceives  ceives conceives  that  he  himself  has  nothing  to  do  with  it.  This  is  a  most  erroneous  and  fatal  mistake  ;  and  the  prevalence  of  such  neglect  is  everywhere  mani manifest.  fest. manifest.  However,  let  us  take  one  evil  at  a  time,  and  when  we  have  completely  overcome  that  we  shall  try  our  ingenuity  upon  another.  Let  all  who  value  social  progress;  intellectual  culture,  and  moral  jus justice,  tice, justice,  advocate  the  abolition  of  Slavery_yes  !  and  that  which  approximates  closest  to  it—the  Long  Hour  System  !  It  is  said  that  a  parallel  to  the  nine  days'  will  on  Wednesday  next  be  exhibited  in  Liverpool.  We  have  good  reason  to  believe  that  so  ashamed  are  many  members  of  the  council  at  baying  voted  for  Mr.  Bold  on  Wednesday  last  as  Alderman,  that  when  the  general  election  takes  place  on  Wednesday  next,  they  are  determined  to  show  a  reasonable  clear  appearance  to  reject  the  objectionable  individual.  DIABOLICAL  OUTRAGE.—On  Saturday  night,  whilst  a  female  was  passing  along  Upper  Hill-street,  carrying  a  num number  ber number  of  sheets,  and  other  articles,  some  miscreant  threw  a  quantity  of  fluid  lime  in  her  eyes,  the  effect  of  which  was  to  deprive  her  temporarily  of  sight.  The  clothes  were  forced  from  the  woman's  hands,  and  the  thief  or  others  escaped.  The  poor  woman  suffered  dreadfully  for  a  considerable  period,  and  serious  results  were  for  some  time  apprehended  as  to  her  sight.  THE  KNIFE  AGAIN.—Mr.  Benson,  of  Watkinson Watkinsonstreet,  street, Watkinsonstreet,  about  three  o'clock  on  yesterday  afternoon,  was  stabbed  by  a  man  in  Greenland-street,  with  whom  he  had  a  quarrel.  He  was  three  times  struck  in  the  face  with  the  knife,  and  is  severely  injured.  ACCIDEITS.—On  . STYLE=superscript  Saturday  morning,  a  man  named  Patrick  AVGirp  i  e  livino  Wh4lev-stmetfell  frotha  xxecir.  into  he  old  of  tne  ship,  Jacob  Westervelt,  arta  received  a  severe  scalp  wound,  and  general  contusions.  John  Moran,  a  labourer,  residing  at  11  Court,  Gultner-street,  whilst  working  at  some  new  warehouses,  in  the  course  of  erection  at  Stanley  dock,  fell  from  the  top  of  the  building,  and  received  a  compound  fracture  of  the  thigh  and  ribs,  and  general  contusions.  Ho  died  two  hours  after  admission  into  the  Northern  Hospital.  John  Hegan,  living  at  No.  1,  court,  Chadwick Chadwickstreet,  street, Chadwickstreet,  whilst  working  on  board  the  ship  George  Washington,  lying  in  the  Bramley-Moore  dock,  fell  into  the  hold,  and  had  his  skull  fractured  ;  he  is  lying  in  a  very  precarious  state.  All  these  cases  were  received  at  the  Northern  Hos Hospital.  pital. Hospital.  DARING  ATTEMPT  AT  ROBBERY.—Yesterday,  three  well-dressed  men  attempted  to  enter  the  premises  of  Messrs.  Littleland  and  Davies,  watch  and  chronometer  makers,  .Bold .Boldstreet,  street, .Boldstreet,  by  means  of  false  keys.  Luckily,  however,  they  were  seen  by  Russellas,  of  the  Detective  force,  who  succeeded  in  taking  all  three  into  custody.  A  number  of  skeleton  keys,  jemmys,  and  other  implements  were  found  upon  them.  ATTEMPTED  SUICIDE  BY  DROWNING  YESTERDAY.—  Yesterday  (Sunday)  forenoon,  about  eleven  o'clock,  a  female  whose  name  is  supposed  to  be  Hunston,  about  40  years  of  age,  was  seen  on  the  Salford  bank  of  the  Irwell,  behind  the  Victoria  public-house,  Stanley-street,  when  s  h  e  coo  ll  y  t  oo  k  o  ff  h  er  bon bonnet  net bonnet  and  shawl,  tied  her  legs  together  with  a  garter,  and  jumped  into  the  river  backwards.  Some  boatmen,  who  were  in  a  flat  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  river  .  ,  immediately  crossed,  and  got  her  out  of  the  water,  when  in  a  state  of  insensibility,  and  re removed  moved removed  her  to  the  hospital  of  the  New  Bailey  adjoining.  There  medical  assistance  was  speedily  procured,  and  under  the  treat treatment  ment treatment  to  which  she  was  subjected,  the  unhappy  woman  gradually  recovered.  She  states  that  she  is  a  married  woman,  that  her  husband  is  at  presentin  the  lunatic  asylum,  at  Lancaster,  and  that  she  has  had  a  great  many  troubles  to  undergo.  She  will  be  brought  up  this  morning,  at  the  Salford  Borough  Police  Court,  on  the  charge  of  attempting  to  take  away  her  own  life.  FUNERAL  OF  POLICE  OFFICER  SUITDERLAND.—The  funeral  of  this  ill-fated  officer,  who  was  so  wantonly  murdered  on  Tuesday  last  by  Copeland,  who  has  since  been  committed  to  Kirkdale  on  a  charge  of  wilful  murder,  took  place  in  the  Ne Necropolis,  cropolis, Necropolis,  Low-Hill.  The  funeral  was  attended  by  nearly  400  of  the  Police,  including  the  several  superintendents,  and  the  ehief  constable  Capt.  Greig,  the  hearse  upon  which  the  body  was  placed,  was  preceded  by  a  body  of  firemen  twenty  eight  in  number,  the  rest  of  the  men  falling  in  behind.  An  im immence  mence immence  crowd  joined  the  melancholy  cortege  as  it  proceeded  from  the  residence  of  the  deceased,  to  the  burial  place.  The  deeeased  was  interred  about  two  o'clock,  at  which  time  a  spec special  ial special  service  was  performed  by  Mr.  Kirkus,  so  as  not  to  interfere  with  the  other  funerals.  The  service  was  limited  to  the  officers  of  the  force,  and  a  very  impressive  discourse  was  delivered  to  the  men  on  the  occasion.  Sunderland  was  placed  in  the  grave  which  contained  the  remains  of  Willan,  the  officer  who  was  day  w...a  nook,  tba  previ previous  ous previous  Sunday..  THE  DYERS'  STRlKE•—Eventually,  after  a  struggle  of  18  weeks  duration,  the  operative  dyers  of  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  and  Salford  have  given  way,  and  are  desirous  of  re returning  turning returning  to  their  employment  at  the  prices  they  received  when  they  struck  for  an  advance  of  3s.  per  week.  About  400  have  resumed  work  within  the  last  few  days,  and  it  is  expected  that  about  200  more  will  be  re-engaged  this  (Monde  Lorning.  Amongst  the  works  closed  during  the  strike,  and  which  are  now  opened  again,  are  those  of  Messrs.  Andrew  and  Co.,  Ardwick,  Manchester,  and  Mr.  John  Lan Lancaster,  caster, Lancaster,  Springfield  Lane,  Salford.  In  order  to  find  employ employment  ment employment  for  these  who  cannot  resume  work  with  their  old  masters,  in  consequence  of  their  places  being  filled  with  fresh  hands,  a  cooperative  dyework  is  to  be  forthwith  es established.  tablished. established.  For  the  co-operative  establishment  a  large  num number  ber number  of  shares  have  already  been  taken.  DEATH  BY  BURNING—An  inquest  was  held  at  the  Dog  and  Partridge  public  house,  Oldham-road,  Manchester,  on  Friday,  touching  the  death  of  Margaret  Johnson,  daugh daughter  ter daughter  of  John  Johnson,  of  Piling's  buildings.  The  deceased  was  nine  years  of  age.  John  Johnson  stated  that  on  Thurs Thursday  day Thursday  fortnight  he  was  in  bed,  that  his  wife  was  out,  and  that  the  deceased  and  other  children  were  playing  in  the  kitchen.  He  heard  a  shout,  upon  which  he  jumped  out  of  bed  and  came  down  stairs.  Deceased's  clothes  were  all  blazing  up,  and  her  hair  was  on  fire.  He  removed  the  clothes  off  her,  and  took  her  to  the  infirmary.  They  told  him  to  put  oil  upon  the  girl,  which  he  did  regularly  until  Wednesday  when  she  died.  Deceased  was  in  a  club.  She  stated  before  she  died,  that  her  pinafore  became  ignited  as  she  was  putting  the  kettle  on  the  fire.  Verdict,  Died  from  THEATRICAL  ON  DIT.--We  are  requested  by  Mr.  Charles  Kean  to  contradict  the  report  that  he  had  engaged  Lord  Aberdeen  to  perform,  at  the  Windsor  theatricals,  the  Dancing  Seotchman.  The  malevolent  rumour  arose  from  its  having  been  generally  remarked  that  his  lordship  had  lately  been  practising  the  double  shuftle.—The  Press.  MEANING  THE  PREMIER.  —The  Czar  (in  gratitude  for  the  assistance  of  a  certain  eminent  Fellow  of  the  Anti Antiquarian  quarian Antiquarian  Society)  says  that  he  has  obtained  the  provinces  per  F.A.S  et  nefas.•---The  Press.  A  CAMP,  on  a  similar  plan  to  that  which  was  adopted  with  the  home  regiments  during  the  past  summer  at  Chobham,  is  about  to  be  formed  in  the  western  portion  of  hOr  Majesty's  dependencies  in  the  East  Indies,"
