text
"JUSTICE•  TO  SCOTLAND—GREAT'  MEETING  IN  EDINBURGH.  xlnesday  evening  a  great  public  meeting  took  place;  in  the  Music  Hall,  Edinburgh,  for  the  promotion  of  Scottish  rights  in  connexion  with  the  association  recently  formed  for  their  vindication.  The  hall  was  completely  crowded,  there  being  probably  2,200  to  2,500  persons  pre present,  sent, present,  and  hundreds  were  unable  to  obtain  admission.  A  considerable  number  of  ladies  were  present.  On  the  platform  were  the  Earl  of  Eglintoun  (who  was  called  to  the  chair),  the  Earl  . STYLE=superscript  of  Buchan,  Lord  Gray,  Sir  A.  Alison,  Sheriff  of  Lanarkshire  ;  Admiral  Sir  C.  Napier,  the  Lord  Provost  of  Edinburgh,  the  Lord  Provost  of  Perth,  Sir  I.  W.  Drum Drummond,  mond, Drummond,  Sir.  H.  H.  Campbell,  Professor  Aytoun,  Mr.  B.  Cochrane,  of  Leamington,  the  Provosts  of  numerous  burghs,  &amp;c.  The  EARL  of  EGLINTOUN,  said  this  association  had  for  its  object  the  preservation  of  the  nationality  of  Scotland.  He  repudiated,  on  the  part  of  the  association,  any  desire  to  sow  dissension  between  the  two  countries.  But  while  he  would  not  lend  his  aid  to  anything  which  would  cause  dissension,  he  was  determined  to  stand  up  for  the  rights  and  privileges  of  Scotland,  and  to  claim  from  England  that  justice  and  equality  which  was  Scotland's  right.  (Hear  and  cheers.)  His  lordship  at  considerable  length  proceeded  to  complain  of  the  principle  of  centraliza centralization  tion centralization  being  carried  out  beyond  its  legitimate  limits,  the  consequence  of  which  was  that  whilst  an  immense  expense  was  annually  incurred  in  supporting.  the  Royal  pa palaces,  laces, palaces,  parks,  and  public  offices  in  England,  Scotland  was  neglected.  It  was  to  remedy  a  general  inequality  under  which  Scotland  laboured,  as  compared  with  England  and  Ireland,  with  regard  to  her  institutions,  representation,  and  general  government,  that  this  association  had  been  formed.  England  had  its  separate  government,  and  Ireland  had  its  separate  government,  but  Scotland  was  left  to  the  tender  mercies  of  a  lawyer,  who  was  looking  more  to  his  profes professional  sional professional  prospects  than  the  interests  of  the  country.  His  lordship  concluded  as  follows  :—Gentlemen,  I  have  joined  this  association  because  I  am  opposed  to  the  spirit  of  centralization,  which  has  been  carried  too  far  for  the  good  of  this  country.  (Applause.)  I  have  joine  this  association  because  I  believe  in  my  heart  Scotland  ha  been  treated  with  unfairness  and  neglect.  I  believe  tha  this  movement  will  be  successful,  because  it  is  based  on  jus  tice,  and  because  it  will  be  carried  on  with  earnestness,  bu  with  moderation.  (  Loud  applause.)  The  noble  lord  proposed  the  following  as  the  basis  of  the  association  Thai  the  Treaty  of  Union  between  Scotland  and  England  re  cognizes  the  supremacy,  asserts  the  individuality,  and  provides  for  the  preservation  of  the  national  laws  and  in  stitutions  of  Scotland  ;  that  any  attempt  to  subvert  or  place  those  institutions  under  English  control,  under  the  pretence  of  a  centralizing  economy,  would  deprive  Scotland  of  the  benefit  of  local  action,  would  be  injurious  to  her  welfare,  and  an  infraction  of  the  true  spirit  in  which  that  treaty  wad  concluded  On  W  The  preliminary  resolution  was  carried  amid  demonstra demonstrations.  tions. demonstrations.  of  great  enthusiasm.  Tha  LORD  PROVOST  of  EDINBURGH  proposed  the  first  re resolution,  solution, resolution,  which  was  as  follows  :  That  this  meeting  considers  it  necessary,  for  the  better  administration  of  the  public  business  of  this  part  of  the  united  kingdom,  and  for  securing  to  Scotland  the  practical  benefits  of  a  united  Legislature,  that  the  office  of  Secretary  of  State  for  Scotland  be  restored,  with  all  the  rights  and  privileges  formerly  appertaining  thereto  ;  and  this  meeting  invites  the  councils  of  cities  and  burghs  of  Scotland  to  peti petition  tion petition  Her  Majesty  to  this  His  lordship  enforced  the  resolution  in  a  lengthened  address.  The  LORD  PROVOST  of  Perth  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  carried  unanimously.  Bailie  GotruLer,  of  Glasgow,  proposed  the  second  reso resolution,  lution, resolution,  namely  :  That  the  representatives  returned  by  Scotland  to  the  House  of  Commons  are  not  in  the  relative  proportion  of  her  people,  or  the  amount  of  the  revenue,  as  compared  with  those  of  England;  and  that  this  meeting  is  of  opinion  that,  in  order  to  give  the  - STYLE=superscript  voice  of  Scotland  its  just  weight  in  Parliament,  that  number  should  be  increased  to  its  fair  Mr.  Berman  COCHRANE,  of  Leamington,  in  seconding  the  motion,  said,  that  so  far  as  he  had  seen  in  the  public  journals,  the  cry  of  to  had  been  met  with  injustice  in  England.  (Laughter.)  The  resolution  was  carried  unanimously.  Sir  ARCHIBALD  \  ALISON,  in  an  eloquent  speech,  proposed  the  next  resolution  That  while  this  meeting  does  not  wish  to  claim  for  Scotland  government  assistance  for  objects  which  are  better  served  by  local  efforts,  yet,  never nevertheless,  theless, nevertheless,  it  is  of  opinion  that  a  manifest  injustice  is  inflicted  upon  Scotland'  by  its  exclusion  from  the,  advantages  of  participating  in  the  public  expenditure,  for  Imperial  and  important  purposes  of  a  national  character,  to  the  same  proportional  extent  as  England  and  Ireland,  and  that  such  exclusion  is  contrary  to  the  intention  and  meaning  of  the  Treaty  of  He  said  they  did  not  wish  the  dissolu dissolution  tion dissolution  of  the  Union—they  did  not  deny  its  benefits—but  they  wished  to  carry  it  out  in  its  true  spirit,  and  to  obtain  that  justice  to  Scotland  which  the  Union  contemplated,  which  the  English  promised,  but  which  they  had  not  since  received.  (Cheers.)  Mr.  MITCHELL,  of  Mon  Park,  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  also  carried.  Mr.  J.  W.  DRUMMOND  moved  the  following  resolution  :  That  the  National  Association  for  the  Vindication  of  Scottish  Rights,  which  devotes  itself  to  the  accomplishment  of  the  objects  embraced  in  the  resolutions  adopted  by  this  meeting,  is  one  deserving  the  cordial  support  of  every  true  Professor  AYTOUN  seconded  the  resolution,  designating  the  present  as  a  national  movement  on  the  part  of  the  people  of  Scotland,  to  assert  their  true  position,  and  to  enter  their  protest  against  that  invidious  system  of  centrali centralization  zation centralization  which  would  reduce  their  country  to  the  rank  of  an  English  province.  The  resolution  having  been  carried,  three  cheers  were  given  for  the  noble  chairman,  and  the  proceedings  ended.  Co  be  olitr.  TO  BE  SOLD,  by  Private  Treaty,  A  PONY  a  n  d  WHITECHAPEL.  Apply  at  JorrEes,  Cook-street.  Etilanter.  Advertisements  under  this  head,  not  exceeding  Three  Lines,  are  -  inserted  in  this  Paper  at  a  Charge  of  SIXPENCE.  Parties  answering  advertisements  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  are  requested  to  attend  to  the  following  explanations:  Reference  means  that  personal  appli application  cation application  must  be  made  at  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  Office.  Address  (  capital  letter  or  number),  means  that  ap application  plication application  must  be  made  by  letter,  post-free,  and  in  no  Other  way,  TO  PRINTERS.—COMPOSITORS  wanted  by  the  Proprietor  of  The  Belfast  Mercury.  They  must  have  no  connection  with  the  Printers'  Trade  Society.  Alcor  a  MACHINE  MAN,  who  likewise  must  be  unconnected  with  the  Society.  Apply  at  The  Mercury  Office,  Belfast.  WANTED  an  Active,  Steady  Young  Man,  wh  understands  the  Woollen  Drapery  Business.  Als  one  of  similar  character,  accustomed  to  the  plain  Line,  Drapery  Trade.  Efficient  men,  who  know  their  business,  and  are  anxioui  to  fulfil  their  duty,  would  find  this  a  permanent  and  an  im.  proving  situation.  _  Apply  to  DAVID  MTLELLAN  t  Price-street.  WANTED  Immediately,  a  sharp,  intellige:  LAD,  about  fifteen  years  of  age.  It  is  indispe  sable  that  he  be  able  to  read  manuscript  with  speed  ai  accuracy.—Apply  at  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  Office.  WANTED,  a  HOUSEMAID,  apply  at  No.  Oxford-street.  Jublfr  itmweinentt‘  •  ROYAL  COLOSSEUM  CONCERT-HALL,  Paradise-street,  Liverpool.  Proprietor,  Mr.  HEATH.  This  delightful  Hall  of  Recreation,  open  every  Evening  with  a  continual  change  of  Amusements.  The  unprecedented  success  of  this  Colossal  Establishment,  is  a  sure  guarantee  of  the  unqualified  approbation  of  the  public.  The  magnitude  of  the  building,  the  'splendour  of  the  decorations,  the  brilliancy  of  the  chandeliers,  the  glittering  mirrors,  the  enormous  and  superb  ceiling,  gorgeously  orna ornamented  mented ornamented  with  classic  paintings,  have  excited  the  admiration  of  thousands  who  have  nightly  crowded  the  Hall.  Engagement  of  M.  HENRIQUE'  S  extraordinary  troupe  of  performing  DOGS  and  MONKEYS  :  their  entertainment  is  of  a  most  pleasing,  interesting,  and  amusing  nature.  Tri Triumphant  umphant Triumphant  success,  and  consequent  re-engagement  of  HERR  RENNEF,  the  Equilibrist  King  and  Wonder  of  the  Age,  for  SIX  NIGHTS  only.  The  last  week  of  HERR  SUSS SUSSMAN,  MAN, SUSSMAN,  the  celebrated  imitator  of  Birds  and  Animals.  The  above  great  artists  will  appear  in  conjunction  with  the  following  talented  Company,  in  a  Grand  Musical  Melange:—  Miss  HEMMINGS,  Mrs.  CLIFTON,  Mr.  R.  MORROW,  Mr.  W.  MORROW,  ]fir.  H.  CLIFTON.  The  LAST  SIX  NIGHTS  nights  of  the  original  VANGO.  Artist,  M.  CRAWFORD  ;  Musical  Director,  Mr.  F.  BOITLLAND  ;  Leader  of  the  Brass  Band,  Mr.  BROWN;  Director  of  the  Entertainments,  Mr.  HEATH,  Jun."
