text
"Instead  of  which  there  were  col collected,  lected, collected,  after  the  rate  of  21  per  cent.,  ad  val  which  shows  an  apparent  loss  to  the  revenue  of..  £125,728  2  10  The  following  statement  shows  the  quantities  of  the  most  heavily  taxed  articles  which  were  imported  into  Kingston,  from  the  Ist  May  to  the  10th  Octcber,  1853,  compared  with  the  importations  of  the  previous  year  :  1852.  1853.  Beef,  barrels  Flour,  wheat,  barrels  Pork,  barrels  1,061  0,746  Brauiiy,  gallons  Cordials,  ditto  Gin,  ditto  Tea,  lbs  Tobacco,  leaf,  lbs  49,011  420,432  „  manufactured,  do  41,421  191,494  Segars,  number  996,575  1,559,250  Wine,  tons  74  220  The  business  done  on  the  Liverpool  Stock  Ea•  change  yesterday  was  not  large,  and  towards  the  close  of  business  there  was  scarcely  so  good  a  feeling  as  existed  at  an  earlier  period.  .  The  pyesent  critical  position  of  affairs  evidently  exercised  a  powerful  influence.  Th  closing  prices  were  as  follow:  Caledonians,  288  f  ;  Eastern  Counties  13g  I  ;  Lan Lancashire  cashire Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  68  ;  London  and  North  Western,  1034  4  ;  Midland,  648  1  ;  North  British,  tif  3;  South  Eastern,  19  k  ;  Berwicks,  244  m  ;  Shef Sheffield  field Sheffield  Stock,  251  t.  In  Manchester  the  Goods  Market  was  mode moderately  rately moderately  active,  and  greater  firmness  was  shown  in  yarns  of  low  and  middling  qualities.  Considerable  sales  were  made,  both  for  home  consumption  and  for  export.  A  fair  inquiry  existed  for  Indian  yarns  and  light  cloths.  The  diminished  production,  and  the  price  of  good  cotton,  cause  great  firmness  ;  and  the  opinion  prevails  that  we  shall  have  a  conside considerable  rable considerable  increase  in  transactions  at  the  beginning  of  the  year.  In  the  Foreign  Stock  Market  there  was  very  little  business  yesterday,  except  on  Peruvian  bonds  which  were  fully  3  per  cent  lower  than  on  Friday,  owing  to  a  variety  of  circumstances,  the  unrestric unrestricted  ted unrestricted  issue  of  certain  new  bonds,  to  the  extent  of  nearly  two  millions,  being  one  of  the  causes,  the  war  with  Bolivia,  and  the  decrease  of  the  guano  deposits  on  the  Chinca  islands  being  other  causes.  The  four-and-a-half  per  cents.  64.  Russian  four fourand-a-half  and-a-half fourand-a-half  per  cents  081.  Granada  deferred  at  8.  The  London  Share  Market  was  more  active  on  Saturday,  and  a  larger  amount  of  business  was  transacted  :  the  market  closing  firmly.  Caledonian  561;  Great  Northerns  85;  North  Westerns,  103  k  1034;  South  Westerns  78k;  Midlands  unaltered  at  63t-  64;  Norfolks  53i  ;  North  British  34i  ;  South  Easterns  improved  to  631;  Luxembourg  101,  61;  Namur  and  Liege  84;  Chartered  Bank  of  Australia  2 STYLE=superscript  4  pm.  ;  Union  of  Australia  75;  B.A.  L  an  d  76  ;  S.A.  Land  40  ;  Netherlands  Land  Enclosure  1  dis.  The  new  steamer,  City  of  Sydney,  belonging  to  the  Australian  Steam  Navigation  Company,  is  announced  to  leave  the  Clyde  for  Melbourne  about  the  26th  inst.,  taking  a  mail.  The  Emigration  Commissioners  have  advertised  for  two  more  ships,  one  for  Melbourne  on  the  7th  February,  and  one  for  Geelong  on  the  10th  February.  The  Rational.  Bank  of  Ireland  has  declared  a  dividend  for  the  present  half-year  at  the  rate  of  5  per  cent.  per  annum,  payable  on  the  13th  January.  The  general  position  of  the  Bullion  Market  being  so  favourable,  the  market  for  public  securities  opened  with  considerable  buoyancy  on  Saturday.  Consols  were  first  done  at  948  to  941  ex.div.,  and  closed  at  941  to  94Z-  for  account.  Reduced  Threes  94a.  New  Three-and-a-Quarter  per  Cents  96  968.  India  Bonds  par;  and  Exchequer  Bills  3s.  to  6s.  prethium.  THE  MurriA.—The  Observer  announces  that  there  are  not  to  be,  after  the  present  colonels  die  out,  any  officers  in  the  militia  holding  that  rank.  Th.  - STYLE=superscript  lieutenant-colonels  only  will  remain,  with  two  majors,  to  command  that  national  arm.  FATAL  ACCIDENT  ON  BOARD  THE  LONDONDERRY  STEAMER.-  Yesterday  morning,  the  steamer  Maiden  City,  from  Londonderry  to  this  port  arrived  in  the  Mersey,  after  a  protracted  passage.  It  would  appear  that  at  half-past  nine  o'clock  on  Friday  night,  when  the  Maiden  City  was  off  the  Mull  of  Galloway,  one  of  the  pipes  connected  with  the  boilers  burst,  and  caused  the  instant  death  of  one  of  the  coal  trimmers,  a  man  named  Michael  M'Laughlin,  by  scal scalding.  ding. scalding.  Another  man,  named  William  Kennedy,  was  also  severely  scalded  ;  but  all  the  other  parties  engaged  about  the  machinery  escaped  uninjured.  There  was  a  consider considerable  able considerable  number  of  passengers  on  board  the  Maiden  City  at  the  time  of  the  accident,  and  the  occurrence  caused  considerable  sensation.  After  some  delay  the  accident  was  repaired,  and.  the  Maiden  City  steamed  to  this  port,  arriving  here  yester yesterday  day yesterday  morning,  when  the  body  of  M‘Laughlin  was  conveyed  to  the  dead  house,  and  Kennedy  was  immediately  sent  to  the  Northern  Hospital.  Although  the  latter  is  severely  sJulled,  hopes  are  entertained  for  his  recovery.  This  day  an  inquest  will  be  held  on  the  body  of  M'Laughlin,  and  from  the  appearance  of  Kennedy,  who  is  most  dreadfuly  scalded,  there  are  but  slight  hopes  that  he  will  ever  recover.  There  can  be  no  blame  attached  to  any  person  for  this  fatal  casualty,  which  was  purely  accidental.  RUSSIA  AND  TURKEY.  PROGRESS  OF  HOSTILITIES  The  following  is  from  our  Second  Edition  of  Saturday.  VIENNA,  FRIDAY  EVENING,—The  Turkish  embassy  has  received  advices  warranting  the  conclusion  that  the  combined  fleets  have  entered  the  Black  Sea  to  present  further  hostilities.  SEMLIN,  DEC.  11TH.—Official  advices  state  that  the  Russians  attacked  the  Turkish  entrenchments  at  Kalafat.  The  Vienna  paper  Austrian  Correspondenz,  in  a  private  dispatch,  Persia  has  declared  war  against  The  Hebe,  an  English  merchant  ship,  had  been  fired  into  by  the  Russians,  and  then  boarded  near  Trebizond.  The  Russians  are  said  to  have  lost  two  of  their  largest  vessels  at  Sinope.  The  town  was  totally  destroyed.  ADDITIONAL  PARTICULARS.  CONSTANTINOPLE,  DEC.  s.—lntelligence  has  reach reached  ed reached  this  capital  of  a  large  corps  of  Circassians  march marching  ing marching  upon  Souchoum  Kaleh.  The  British  merchant  vessel  Plicebe  has  been  fired  upon  and  searched  by  the  Russians  near  Trebisond.  Abdi  Pacha  is  laying  siege  to  Alexandrianople.  Four  vessels  of  the  com combined  bined combined  fleets  have  gone  to  Sinope  and  Varna  for  in information,  formation, information,  but  with  pacific  intentions.  They  were  saluted  by  the  Russians  on  entering  the  Black  Sea.  The  Porte  has  prolonged  the  permission  for  Russian  trading  vessels  to  pass  the  Black  Sea  and  Mediterranean  for  forty-five  days;  elsewhere  for  three  months.  OD  E  SSA,  Dec.  s.—An  English  merchantman  was  burnt  at  Sinope.  Osman  Paella  was  severely  wounded.  The  town  of  Sinope  was  wholly  de destroyed.  stroyed. destroyed.  Accounts  from  Tiflis  state  that  Prince  Woronzoff  had  quite  recovered  from  his  late  indis  position.  _  SEMLIN,  Dec.  11.—Official  advices,  received  at  Belgrade,  state  that  the  Russians  have  attacked  the  Turkish  entrenchments  at  Kalafat.  VIENNA,  Dec.  16.—The  Turkish  embassy  has  re received  ceived received  advices  that  the  combined  fleets  have  now  entered  the  Black  Sea  to  prevent  further  hostilities.  THE  SEA  FIGHT  OF  SINOPE.—The  following  con contains  tains contains  the  latest  details  of  the  engagement  at  Sinope  :  An  Ottoman  division,  composed  of  four  frigates,  two  corvetts,  three  or  four  small  vessels,  and  two  steamers,  was  in  port,  when  a  Russian  force,  corn  prising  three  line.  of  battle  ships  and  several  frigates  and  corvetts,  favoured  by  the  wind,  entered,  and  the  fight  commenced.  The  struggle  was  sustained  with  heroic  courage  by  the  Turks.  The  batteries  of  the  town  were  brought  into  play.  The  city  was  burning  in  two  places.  The  Taif,  which  brought  the  news  to  Constantinople,  reports  that  when  she  left  Sanope  the  fight  was  continued  with  determined  obstinacy.  They  saw  on  board  one  Russian  liner  go  down.  The  Taif  was  attacked,  had  several  bullets  through  her,  and  many  men  killed  and  wounded.  Impressed  with-the  news  received,  admirals  Dunias  and  Lyons,  with  their  French  colleagues  'admirals  Hamelin  and  Jacquinot,  left  Beycos  for  Pera,  on  board  the  Caradoc.  Lord  Redcliffe,  ac accompanied  companied accompanied  by  the  British  admirals,  proceeded  to  the  French  ambassador,  General  Baraguay  d'Hil d'Hilliers,  liers, d'Hilliers,  and  a  conference  between  the  ambassadors  took  place,  at  which  the  naval  officers  assisted.  The  Caradoc  was  immediately  dispatched  to  Mar Marseilles,  seilles, Marseilles,  with  intelligence  for  the  two  governments.  The  sth  of  the  month  is  given  as  the  day  on  which  the  French  steam  frigate  Charlemage  and  an  English  screw  steam  frigate,  under  the,  flag  of  Sir  Edmund  Lyons,  were  to  proceed  into  the  Black  Sea.  It  is  difficult  to  suppose  that  a  very  active  intervention  on  the  part  of  the  friendly  powers  will  be  longer  delayed.  LAND  OPERATIONS.—SchamyI  is  rendering  most  efficient  co-operation  to  the  Ottoman  forces.  As  soon  as  the  old  Imaum  found  that  serious  obstinate  war  between  Russia  and  Turkey  was  a  certainty  he  collected  16,000  men  and  20  guns.  His  lieutenant,  Daniel  Bey,  was  entrusted  with  3,000  and  four  guns,  the  Naib  Emir,  with  5,000  men  as  a  reserve,  and  Abdnul  Ghamar  with  2,500.  Schamyl  himself  attacked  the  fortress  of  Zahkatala,  while  Daniel  Bey  assaulted  Khagetty,  a  strong  position  com commanding  manding commanding  an  important  military  road  through  the  mountains.  Zahkatala  fell  after  a  most  sanguinary  battle,  which  lasted  six  and  thirty  hours.  The  where  he  again  carriages,  Russians  fo  a  u  n  g  a  h  t  burnt  r  o  n  s  t  t  desperately,  tilei  r  b  arr  a  barracks.  when  seh  they  were STYLE=superscript  next  t  turned  ilongersa  firms  against  a  h  i  the  Li  na  rl  3  :lCe  they  spiked  &amp;bol  l  -  guns,  broke  tne  spikes  or  their  amunttion  ne  was  conqueror,  and  drove  the  Russia'  ns  in  the  dir  •  tion  of  Tiflis.  At  Khag  e  tty  D  an  i  e  l  Bey  encountereeta  a  stout  resistance,  which  he  endured  for  several  days,  but  in  the  end  the  place  fell  into  his  hands.  After  this  Schamyl  took  four  other  fortress  from  the  Russians,  among  them  Dischten.  He  then  divided  his  little  army  into  three  corps,  the  strongest  of  which  marched  upon  Tiflis  ;  the  second,  led  by  Daniel  Bey,  marched  against  Skir Skirwan,  wan, Skirwan,  and  the  two  other  leaders  remained  at  the  head  of  the  third  division,  which  was  appointed  a  reserve.  Prince  Woronzow  sent  off  dispatch  after  dispatch  for  help.  At  last  General  Orlianoff,  with  great  difficulty,  got  together  15,000  men,  with  which  to  come  to  his  superior's  aid.  We  are  ex expecting  pecting expecting  further  particulars  respecting  subsequent  operations.  Daniel  Bey  subsequently  attacked  the  second  Russian  division  on  the  river  Mohacz,  and  took  the  fortress  of  Messer  by  storm.  General  Dolgoruki  marched  against  him  in  vain.  Schamyl  Naib  attacked  and  defeated  him.  On  the  shores  of  the  Black  Sea  another  Turkish  corps  has  taken  the  fortress  of  Seffo,  about  five  miles  from  Schefkatil.  The  Russians  lost  400  men,  and  200  escaped.  There  was  a  swarm  of  bees  in  the  Highlands  of  Perth,  on  the  2nd  instant.  The  Duke  of  Brunswick,  of  London  notoriety,  has  been  at  law  in  Paris,  and  has  been  defeated.  _  _  Mr.  Alan  Watts  has  had  a  pension  of  £lOO  confirmed  on  him.  The  27th,  35th,  82nd,  and  90th  Regiments  are  to  proceed  to  the  East  Indies,  to  relieve  the  25th,  22nd,  96th,  and  98th  Regiments,  which  are  to  return  home.  The  Daily  News  recommends  Lord  Goderich  for  Home  Secretary,  and  the  appointment  would  give  great  satisfaction  to  the  operative  classes.  THE  CHOLERA  IN  CORNWALL.—The  cholera  has  raged  violently  at  Redruth  in  Cornwall,  for  some  time  past.  There  have  been  over  80  deaths  there.  The  South  American  steam-ship  company's  screw  steam steamship  ship steamship  Olinda  will,  we  learn,  leave  Cork  for  this  port  this  after afternoon.  noon. afternoon.  BIRMINGHAM  CATTLT:  SHow.—The  show  closed  on  Friday  evening.  The  visitors  amounted  to  48,000,  and  the  poultry  sales  to  £1,500.  Lord  Leigh  will  be  president  for  next  SMUGGLING.—A  man  named  Peterson,  charged  with  smuggling  three  pounds  of  fo  r  ei  gn  manufactured  tobacco,  which  was  found  concealed  on  his  person,  was  ordered  to  pay  thirty  shillings,  the  value  of  the  tobacco,  in  default  to  be  imprisoned  fourteen  days.  Mr.  Preece,  formerly  master  of  the  Hereford  union  work workhouse,  house, workhouse,  committed  suicide  on  Friday  morning.  He  left  his  former  position  with  the  respect  of  all  those  in  authority  connected  with  the  workhouse.  PRINCE  Lord  says  Miles,  a  writer  in  the  Daily  News,  far  too  fond  of  pleasing  a  certain  high  personage,  who  is  beginning  to  make  to  make  himself  too  busy  in  the  affairs  of  the  Mr.  Blexom,  a  Proctor  in  Doctor's  Commons,  London,  has  been  before  the  magistrates  there  for  publishing  a  libel  on  a  neighbour,  Mrs.  Billing.  Mr.  B.  has  apologised,  and  further  proceedings  are  stayed.  BANKRUPTCY  OP  THE  LATE  MR.  in  the  Tfmes  asks  who  was  it  endeavoured  to  make  the  late  Mr.  Chambi  rs  a  bankrupt,  by  which  he  was  kept  several  years  in  gaol,  and  died  in  mental  vagrancy,  his  property,  after  spending  £50,000  in  law,  paying  his  creditors  nearly  in  full  ?  THE  RESIGNATIONS.—  One  rumour,  says  a  London  journal,  already  ascribes  the  whole  affair  to  a  Cobourg  intrigue,  and  the  probabilities  are  hinted  at  that  Count  Walwski  (French  Ambassador)  may  yet  leave  London  in  anger  before  Baron  Brunow.  CLEAN  CAUSEWAYS.—The  police  commissioners  of  Lon London  don London  have  given  notice  that  all  occupiers  of  premises  are  bound  to  keep  the  footways  and  water  courses,  before  their  residences,  cleansed  thorough'y,  under  a  penalty  of  40s.  for  each  instance  of  neglect.  Owners  are  to  be  deemed  occu occupiers  piers occupiers  of  uno-cupied  houses.  SHAM  PARCELS.--A  is  being  tried  on  in  London  which  ha.  met  with  a  good  deal  of  success.  A  parcel  is  fetched  from  some  railway,  the  messenger  states,  and  a  de demandi  mandi demandi  s  made  of  some  shillings,  from  three  to  five,  for  car carriage,  riage, carriage,  which  is  frequently  paid.  The  parcel,  of  course,  is  made  up  for  the  occasion,  and  generally  contains  a  brick  covey  ed  with  straw.  THE  AMERICAN  NI  - STYLE=superscript  Ans.—The  British  and  North  Amer Amerrican  rican Amerrican  royal  mail  steamer  Afr:oa,  Capp.  Ryrie,  sailed  on  Satur Saturday  day Saturday  morning  from  the  Mersey,  with  the  usual  mails  for  New  York,  between  30  and  40  passengers,  and  a  fair  cargo.  FIRE.  -  At  an  early  hour  last  night,  a  fire  broke  out  in  a  pri  •ate  house  in  Bent  -street.  It  was  di  ;covered  in  one  of  the  top  bed-rooms,  and  was  speedily  extinguished  through  the  exertions  of  Inspector  Hewitt  and  the  fire  brigade,  but  not  before  the  bed  and  bedding  in  the  room  were  consumed.  The  reel  was  from  the  Rose-hill  station."
