text
"NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.--LIVERPOOL,  WEDNESDAY,  JANUARY  2  1  1856.  Mr.  Luff:  I  move  that  that  letter  be  referred  to  the  committee.  Mr.  Denton  :  I  second  the  motion.  Mr.  Gardner  :  The  letter  is  addressed  to  the  vestry,  and  it  has  a  right  to  be  read  here.  (Hear,  bear.)  Mr.  Chesney  :  I  move  that  the  letter  be  read.  Mr.  WoodrUff:  I  second  the  motion.  Mr.  Luff:  Previous  to  the  meeting  of  the  committee,  notice  was  sent  to  Mr.  Dignan  to  attend.  Mr.  Dignan  did  not  condescend  to  come  to  the  meeting,  but  he  sends  a  letter,  a  long  document,  which  probably  contains  much  that  is  not  fit  to  go  to  the  public.  Mr.  Woodruff  :  I  protest  altogether  against  any  motion  to  refer  that  letter  to  a  committee  without  having  it  read  here  in  the  first  instance.  This  proceeding  would  open  a  very  wide  field  for  irregularity.  (Hear.  hear.)  If  this  document  is  referred  to  a  committee  without  being  read,  the  same  may  be  done  with  other  documents.  I  protest  again  it  as  contrary  to  all  rule,  and  quite  illegal.  .  _  Mr.  Denton  :  I  consider  it  very  irregular  for  this  letter  to  be  read.  Mr.  Dignan  sent  a  letter  yesterday  to  the  committee  stating  that  he  intended  to  submit  a  letter  to  the  board.  Mr.  Chesney  :  Very  well—he  has  submitted  it.  Denton  :  I  think  before  it  coma  to  the  board  it  le  before  the  committee.  :  Would  it  not  be  better,  in  the  first  1  any  report  the  committee  may  have  to  The  Clerk  read  a  minute  of  the  committee's  meeting,  by  which  it  appeared  that  a  letter  was  read  from  Mr.  Dignan,  declining  to  attend  the  committee,  but  stating,  that  he  intended  to  address  a  letter  to  the  general  board..  Mr.  Chesney  :  hey  adjourned  until  that  letter  from  Mr.  Dignan  should  be  read  to  the  board.  t  Mr.  Bradley  :  Therefore,  now  comes  the  time,  I  sub submit,  mit, submit,  to  refer  that  letter  to  the  committee  before  it  comes  to  the  board.  Mr.  Chesney  :  Oh  I  not  at  all.  Mr.  Bradley  :  I  submit  to  the  discretion  of  the  chair.  man,  whether,  as  I  am  concerned  so  much  in  this  matter,  and  involved  in  a  charge  made  against  me,  it  is  cor correct  rect correct  in  Mr.  Dignan  to  take  this  very  unusual  course  of  proceeding.  I  submit  to  you,  sir,  whether  it  is  not  right  and  correct  under  the  circumstances,  to  refer  this  letter  at  once  to  the  committee,  to  take  it  into  considera consideration,  tion, consideration,  without  its  coming  in  the  first  instance  before  the  vestry  further  than  pro  forma  ?  Mr.  Woodruff  is  per perfectly  fectly perfectly  well  aware,  that  there  is  no  irregularity  in  such  a  course  at  all,  and  I  am  surprised  at  him  to  take  the  course  he  has.  It  only  shows  the  partizan  spirit—  The  Chairman  :  Oh,  really,  I  must  request—  Mr.  Bradley  :  Ido  feel  aggrieved  in  this  matter,  Mr.  Chairman,  and  more  particularly  when  I  find  gentlemen  taking  such  a  position—  The  Chairman  :  Yes,  but  really  I  think  it  is  better  not  to  make  these  remarks.  Mr.  Bradley  :  Such  things  ought  to  be  clone  in  - STYLE=superscript  an  open  and  candid  manner.  The  Chairman  :  It  struck  me,  that  I  hardly  knew  whether  I  should  permit  this  discussion  to  be  rais  all.  Here  was  a  document  addressed  to  me  as  chairman  of  the  select  vestry,  with  a  request  that  it  should  be  read  at  the  board,  and  it  struck  me  in  the  first  instance,  that  it  then  became  as  it  Were,  a  public  document,  and  that  for  the  vestry  to  say  it  should  not  be  read,  but  should  be  referred  to  a  private  committee,  would  be  rather  an  arbitrary  proceeding,  and  there  was  a  question  .  in  my  mind,  whether  I  could  permit  such  a  thing  to  bi  done,  and  whether  I  ()light  not  to  insist  upon  its  being  read.  But  the  proceedings  of  the  committee  yesterday  certainly  make  an  alteration,  because  Mr.  Dignan  says,  lie  will  not  appear  before  the  committee,  and  will  write  to  the  vestry,  and,  therefore,  the  circumstances  are  changed,  and  I  think  it  is  now  quite  in  the  power  of  the  vestry  to  say  by  their  vote,  whether  they  will  have  the  letter  read  or  not  —but  it  must  be  put  to  the  vote.  Mr.  Satchell  was  anxious  to  do  justice  to  Mr.  Bradley  as  well  as  to  Mr.  Dignan.  He  thought  if  the  letter  were  read  now  it  would,  to  a  certain  extent,  prejudge  the  question,  as  it  would  go  to  the  public  through  the  medium  of  the  press.  Mr.  Shaw  contended  that  the  letter  was  a  public  docu document,  ment, document,  having  no  reference  to  the  committee,  or  to  any  individual  whatever.  Ir.  Owen  thought,  in  justice  to  Mr.  Dignan,  the  committee  ought  to  hear  what  he  had  to  say,  as  he  had  ;sailed  there  by  Mr.  Bradley.  Whitty  would  suggest  that  Mr.  Bradley  should  'Lw  his  opposition  to  the  reading  of  the  letter.  Bradley  :  I  think  it  is  dealing  unfairly  with  the  subject  to  allow  the  letter  to  be  read  until  all  the  matter  has  been  gone  into  before  the  committee,  and  the  corn.  mittee  had  brought  up  their  report  to  the  board.  That  is  the  usual  cour6e.  To  do  otherwise  isdealing  in  a  one onesided  sided onesided  manner  with  the  case,  and  is  not  placing  we  in  a  fair  or  proper  position.  Mr.  Whitty  :  I  do  not  wish  to  place  you  in  any  unfair  or  improper  position.  There  is  a  special  committee  appointed  by  the  board,  but  that  committee  has  no  power  to  do  anything  more  than  to  request  Mr.  Dignan  to  appear  here.  Of  course  Mr.  Dignran  may  refuse,  if  he  thinks  proper,  and  may  address  any  communication  he  thinks  fit,  as  a  rateplyer,  to  the  board.  If  the  docu document  ment document  were  not  read  to  the  board,  Mr.  Dignan  might  publish  it  to-morrow,  or  any  day  he  thinks  fit.  Ido  not  at  object  would  be  gained  by  attempting  to  sup.  :v.  It  would  be  a  much  more  candid  and  fair  d  it  now  at  once.  (Hear,  hear.)  ton  :  Mr.  Dignan  has  refused  to  attend,  and  '  give  his  reasons.  Vauxhall  -ward,  and  is,  or  was,  an  assessor  in  the  ward,  and  when  the  Select  Vestry  refused  to  swallow  this  indigestible  pill,  Mr.  Bradley  turned  round,  and  has  since  made  the  Select  Vestry  the  laughing-stock  of  the  town,  by  showing  that  there  was  na  necessity  for  the  appointment  at  all.  Fourth,—Pending  the  decision  of  the  Select  Vestry,  res respecting  pecting respecting  this  appointment  of  an  out-door  inspector  of  relieving  officers,  Mr.  Bradley,  without  consulting  any  one,  appointed  the  youth  Blundell  an  assistant  relieving-officer,  in  the  Parish Parishoffice  office Parishoffice  ;  and  the  act  was  so  illegal,  so  unprecedented,  that  the  members  of  the  Vestry  who  investigated  the  case  dismissed  Blundell,  and  passed  a  vote  of  censure  on  Bradley.  Unhappily,  the  connection  between  the  Parish-office  and  Vauxhall-ward  is  not  easily  severed,  for  last  November  the  same  youth,  Blundell,  acted  as  the  secretary  to  Mr.  Roger  Haydock's  election  committee  ;  and  Mr.  Haydock  is  known  to  be  the  nominee  of  Mr.  Bradley.  Fifth,—  It  is  a  fundamental  rule  of  Parochial  law  that  no  out  dcor  relief  shall  be  administered  except  in  the  presence  of  three  or  snore  guardians  of  the  poor.  Ido  not  stop  to  inquire  whether  this  law  be  good  or  bad—right  oriwrong  in  the  work working.  ing. working.  It  is  the  law,  and  as  such  it  ought  to  be  respected.  It  was  framed,  no  doubt,  to  prevent  the  pOssibility  of  collusion  ;  and  this  law,  which  in  Liverpool  affects  an  outlay  of  £30,000  habitually  outraged  by  Mr.  Bradley,  who  is  known  a  year,  to  have  d  without  a  s  -door  relief  for  days  hi  accession,  alone  le  memberof  the  N  _  s..  It  must  be  clear  to  every  one  tl  system  so  loose  and  illegal,  every  inhabitant  of  Vauxh  might  to  the  recipient  of  outdoor  relief  and  when  it  remembered  that  the  person  who  dispenses  this  relief  is  the  very  Genius  of  Intrigue;  who  never  does  anything  without  a  motive,—who  succeeds  in  all  his  little  tortuosities  and  jobhery  by  an  extraordinary  amount  of  cunning,  the  only  mental  power,  sash  as  it  is,  which  he  possesses,—the  inference  is  one  which  ought  to  impresi  the  ratepayers  of  tho  town:  being  present  to  check  t,  under  a  his  proce.  It  is  no  answer  to  say  that  certain  members  of  the  Vestry  have  not  attended  the  quoruins,  and  that  Mr.  Bradley  has  discharged  the  ditties  which  they  ought  to  have  fulfilled.  I  talie  thy  stand'upOn  the  illeiality  of  the  relief  so  adininistered  ;  I  hear  in  mind  the  antecedents  of  the  man  who  administers  it  ;  and  I  assert  that  there  can  be  no  proper  circumspection  when  all  the  legal  fences  with  which  the  Legislature  and  the  Poor-law  Board  have  surrounded  the  administration  of  out outdoor  door outdoor  relief,  are  thus  rudely.  broken  down,  and  trampled  under  foot,  by  a  person  in  the  position  of  Mr.  Bradley.  The  power,  too.  which  he  assumes  over  the  paid  servants  of  the  Parish  is  worthy  of  a  passing  notice,  as  illustrative  of  this  phase  of  the  question,  and  one  incident  will  make-it  clear.  On  the  day  when  the  late  excellent  Mr.  Edward  Gray  expired,  a  man  who  bad  served  the  parish  in  the  most  confidential  capacity  for  more  than  a  quarter  of  a  century,—his  fellow  clerks,  anxious  to  pay  a  small  tribute  of  respect  to  his  memory,  partially  closed  the  blinds  of  the  Parish-office,  but  Mr.  Bradley,  whose  consent  had  not  been  asked,  rudely  and  peremptorily.  ordered  the  blinds  to  be  raised.  The  incident,  I  repeat,  is  small  in  itself,  but  it  reveals  a  world  of  meaning.  A  oe,  then,  we  have  a  member  of  the  Town  Council  and  of  the  Vestry,  who  is  proved,  in  a  series  of  transactions,  to  have  Treated  the  Municipal  and  the  Parochial  rates  as  if  they  were  his  own  personal  property.  These  proofs,  pray'bbserve,  do  not  rest  on  my  unsupported  assertion.  They  are  not  matters  of  belief,  but  of  Faor  ;  and  the  !facts  are  to  be  found  in  the  records  of  the  Corporation,  and  the  books  of  the  Parish.  They  cannot  be  erased  no  denial,  •  no  vituperation,  no  personalities,  can  invalidate  them  ;  and  every  person  who  takes  the  trouble  to  refer  to  the  original  documents  will  arrive  at  the  conclusion  that  many  a  criminal  has  been  executed  on  evidence  less  convincing  and  crushing.  Before  facts  so  specific  and  established,  a  general  expression  of  opinion  in  a  letter  fades  into  insignificance,  and  it  Appears  to  me  to  be  the  sublimity  of  impudence,  or  affectation,  on  the  part  of  Mr.  Bradley  to  simulate  all  this  wrath,  when  he  has  allowed  charges  so  grave  and  so  degrading  to  hang  over  his  head  for  a  couple  of  year3--charges,  be  it  remembered,  which  were  tangible  and  could  be  grappled  with—and  has  added  to  the  number  by  his  conduct  in  the  eve  of  Blundell  during  the  year  which  has  just  closed,  and  by  hii  illegal  expenditure  of  the  Parochial-funds.  Sustained  by  such  evidence  as  I  have  adduced,  I  think  I  am  ju  , STYLE=superscript  t'fied  in  rebuking  this  weak  and  foolish  person  in  the  language  of  England's  greatest  poet— 'poet'  Till  thou  cans't  rail  this  seal  from  off  this  bond,  Thou  but  offend'st  thy  luncrs  to  speak  so  I  declined,  as  I  have  stated,  to  appear  before  Mr.  Bradley's  committee,  because,  knowing  his  omnipotence  in  the  Vestry,  I  felt  that  I  could  not,  whatever  proof  I  might  adduce,  depend  upon  a  fair  and  impartial  tribunal.  It  was  reported,  for  instance,  in  the  'published  proceedings  of  tho  last  Vestry  meeting,  that  when  Mr.  Bradley  had  secured  the  nomination.  of  his  committee,  he  cordially  shook  hands  with  all  his  supporters  on  the  occasion,  and  thanked  them  for  their  exer exertions.  tions. exertions.  I  should  be  extremely,  weak  to  submit  myself  to  the  adjudication  of  his  sympathisers—to  the  tender  rnerciesof  men,  some  of  whom  have  been  placed  on  the  Vestry  by  himself,  and  who  have  been  voting  during  the  last  few  months,  that  what  was  white  on  one  particular  Tuesday,  was  black  the  fortnight  after.  lad  tress  this  letter  to  you  el  New  Year's  Day—a  day  of  felicitations—and  I  hope  that  Mr.  Bradley's  friends  will  have  generosity  enough  to  return  the  compliment  by  shaking  him  with  equal  cordiality  by  the  hand,  when  they  hat  heard  this  communication,  for  he  will  require,  in  my  judgment,  all  the  com  fort  they  can  give  him.  In  - STYLE=superscript  conclusion,  I  must  express  my  conviction  that  Mr.  Bradley's  position  in  the  Council  is  sustained  by  the  machinery  which  he  puts  into  action  through  the  instrumentality  of  the  Vestry;  and  if  he  were  once  ejected  from  the  last  named  body,  he  would  disappear  at  the  expiration  of  his  .term  from  the  former  That  the  double  nuisance  would  thus  be  estin.  uish'd,  effectually  and  for  ever,  is  as  eertaia  as  the  natural  law  that  effect  follows  cause  It  may  seem  absurd  to  waste  this  long  eommunir  man  so  mentally  and  morally  small  as  Mr.  Bradley;  but  it  must  he  remembered  that  he  almost  exclusively  controls  the  oxpenditure  of  £120,000  per  annum  of  the  public  money—a  fearful  power  to  confide  to  such  hands;  and  I  think  I  have  rendered  a  service  to  the  community  at  large  by  this  portrait  of  the  TOWN's  ALMONER.  I  have  the  honour  to  be,  sir,  your  obedient  servant,  Jan.  1,  1856.  JOHN  DIGNAN.  Mr.  Luff  :  He  appears  to  have  a  high  opinion  of  the  .tion  on  a  Vestry.  •  -  The  Chairman  :  What  is  your  pleasure'to  do  with  this  letter?  Mr;  Chesney  :  Now  you  had  better  refer  it  to  the  committee  !  Mr.  Wensley:  It  is  almost  useless  to  refer  it  to  the  committee,  as  Mr.  Dignan  declines  to  attend.  Mr.  Woodruff  moved  that  it  be  inserted  on  the  minutes  in  the  nmal  course.  Mr.  Chesney  seconded  the  resolution.  Mr.  Denton  :  I  am  astonished  that  you  would  ask  such  a  thing—  Mr.  Woodruff:  Mr.  Denton  may  express  astonishment,  if  he  thinks  fit.  Mr.  Denton  :  It  is  an  insult.  Mr.  Woodruff  :  I  do  not  feel  that  it  applies  to  me,  and  therefore  I  do  not  consider  it  an  insult.  Mr.  Gardner  moved  that  it  be  referred  to  the  com committee  mittee committee  to  report  on.  Mr.  Rawle  seconded  the  motion.  The  latter  course  was  understood  to  be  adopted.  Mr.  Bradley  :  I  shall  refrain  from  saying  one  word  about  a  document  of  that  kind,  knowing,  as  I  do  know,  that  it  is  to  be  placed  in  the  hands  of  a  committee  to  report  upOn.  Then  will  be  the  time  when  I  shall  make  some  observations  upon  the  character  of  Mr.  Dignan.  The  business  of  the  vestry  then  terminated.  WATSON  v.  BAINES  --to--  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  Sir,—ln  your  report  of  my  case  against  Messrs.  James  Baines  and  Co.  for  wages,  heard  on  Saturday  last,  you  ought,  in  justice  to  me,  to  have  stated,  in  opposition  to  the  grounds  of  defence  against  my  claim,  that  I  based  my  right  to  wages  on  the  constant,  unusual,  and  unwarrantable  interference  of  the  Captain  of  the  Oliver  Ding,  and  his  taking  the  keys  of  the  store  room  from  me  frequently,  without  assigning  just  cause,  the  first  instance  occuriug  two  days  after  sailing  from  this  last  May.  This,  (repeated  several  times)  and  being  called  to  other  duties  not  properly  belonging  to  me  as  purser,  and  the  want  of  assistance  in  getting  to  hand  stores  ag  -s  they  were  required,  which,  from  - STYLE=superscript  the  first,  thheld  by  the  captain's  orders,  and  occasionally  had  to  be  rendered  by  some  of  the  passengers,  prevented  me  from  keeping  as  correct  an  account  of  the  consumption  of  the  stores  as  under  other  aid  ordinary  circumstances  I  should  have  done  ;  and  although  the  stores  unaccounted  for  appear  large,  yet,  after  due  allowance  is  made  for  breakage  and  other  casualties,  the  deficiency  is  by  no  means  unusual  in  voyages  of  the  ordinary  duration  between  this  port  and  Melbourne  and  home  again.  I  did  complain  of  the  hearing,  and  do  so  still.  What  if  I  was,  as  suggested  against  me,  incompetent  for  discharging  my  duties?  it  was  the  bounden  duty  of  the  captain  to  super supersede  sede supersede  me,  instead  of  continuing  my  services  to  the  termina termination  tion termination  of  the  voyage,  and  then,  and  not  before,  set  up  that  ground  as  the  reason  for  4lot  paying  my  wages  ;  and  this,  in  my  opinion  would  have  been  more  in  accorda  nce  w  ith  the  authority  and  power  which  a  captain  is  empowered  to  use  in  all  cases  of  unti  ness.  Had  I  been  deprived  of  my  office,  the  subsequent  repudiation  of  my  claim  would  not  have  appeared  so  inconsistent  as  it  does  now.  I  have  filled  the  office  of  purser  previously,  with  satisfaction  to,  my  employ employers,  ers, employers,  arid  1  think  the  foregoing  explanation,  which  I  trust  you  will  insert  in  your  columns,  will  show  why  my  accounts  were  imperfect.—l  am  sir,  yours  obediently,  Liverpool,  December  31,  1855.  LEONARD  J.  WATSON  WINDSOR  THEATRICALS.—The  next  theatrical  pe;form•  ante  at  Windsor  Castle  is  to  take  place  on  the  10th  of  January,  when  the  entertainments  will STYLE=superscript  consist  of  Mr.  Planche's  drama  of  Wonderful  and  Mr.  Oxenford's  farce  of  a  Mr.  Charles  Mathews  was,  we  believe,  to  have  appeared  at  the  following  repiTsentation  on  ,  the  24th.  lair.  Kean,  has,  however,  received  a  communication  from  him,  in  which  he  states,  that  he  is  expressly  forbidden  by  Mr.  E.  T.  Smith  to  perform  at  Windsor,  in  c  onsequen  ce  of  the  royal  p  a  t  ronage  being  withheld  from  the  theatre  of  which  he  is  the  lessee  and  director.  TOWN  COUNCIL-YESTERDAY  __;*,.___.  A  special  meeting  of  the  Council  was  held  in  the  Town Townhall,  hall, Townhall,  at  eleven  o'clock,  yesterday,  in  conformity  with  the  Municipal  Reform  Act,  for  the  discharge  of  certain  formal  business.  The  Mayor,  John  Stewart,  Esq.,  presided.  The  Mayor  was  appointed  a  trustee  under  a  local  act  of  9th  Geo.  IV.,  for  enabling  the  trustees  of  Mrs.  Ann  Moly Molyneux's  neux's Molyneux's  charities,  in  Liverpool,  to  grant  building  leases,  and  for  better  vesting  the  estates  in  them  :  for  confirming  exchanges,  and  other  purposes  for  the  benefit  of  the  charities.  The  Mayor,  Mr.  Flemming,  and  Mr.  Gregson  were  appointed  three  trustees  under  the  local  act  of  7th  Geo.  IV.,  for  establishing  St.  James's  Cemetery.  The  Mayor  and  Mr.  Aldermen  Bennett  were  appointed  the  two  members  of  the  Council  to  execute  the  p3wers  given  to  the  Mayor  and  senior  alderman  by  the  local  act  of  10th  Geo.  IV.,  cap.  15,  relating  to  the  school  for  the  indigent  Blind  of  Live--  the  chapel  attached  thereto.  as  commi  appointor  it  of  forty-one  members  of  the  Council  Iners  to  carry  into  execution  the  local  act  of  sth  Geo.  I  the  better  regulation  and  encouragement  of  pilots,  &amp;c.,  the  only  changes  that  were  made  were  At  John  Lawrence,  Mr.  Aiken,  Mr.  Sheil,  and  Mr.  Haydocli  in  the  room  of  Mark  Wood,  A,  WALLMEY  EMBANK  :enderson,  Big-  The  Mayor,  Mr.  liornby,  and  Mr.  Alderman  S.  Ilolme.  were  appointed  three  commissioners  under  the  local  act  of  10th  Geo.  IV.,  for  the  embankment  on  the  north  east  side  of  the  Leasowes,  in  Wallasey  and  Great  Meols,  in  the  county  On  these  appointments  coming  under  consideration,  Mr.  Alderman  J.  Holme  said,  that  though  they  were  a  special  council,  and  though  he  knew  .that  the  business  ought  to  be  confined  simply  to  the  appointments  in  the  paper,  yet  he  would  with  their  permission  make  one  or  two  remarks  on  the  subject  of  the  Wallasey  embankment,  for  he  was  sure  that  the  importance  of  the  subject  not  only  would  justify  him  in  making  those  remarks,  but  would  cause  the  council  to  readily  listen  to  them.  (Hear,  hear  )  He  was  perfectly  willing  to  incur  any  responsibility  of  a  reasonable  nature.in  undertaking  the  duties  of  a  commis commissioner  sioner commissioner  under  the  act,  but  having  been  for  some  years  a  commissioner,  and  having  frequently  visited  the  embank embankment,  ment, embankment,  and  having  some  practical  experience  of  the  great  difficulty  in  the  establishing  and  maintaining  sea-embank sea-embankments,  ments, sea-embankments,  he  thought  it  right  that  the  council,  and  through  the  council  the  public  at  large,  should  know  their  position  with  reference  to  the  embankment  in  question.  He  regretted  to  say  that  the  total  amount  of  rates  which  they  were  authorised  to  levy  under  the  Act  of  Parliament,  ted  altogether  only  to  about  £3,300  per  annum.  Of  that  amount  the  Corporation  of  Liverpool  contributed  one onehalf,  half, onehalf,  or  about  £1,660  ;  •Mr.  Viner,  the  largest  landowner  there,  contributed  about  £9OO,  and  the  remainder,  £7OO  or  £750;  was  contributed  by  the  various  landowners  who  were  possessors  of  land  under  certain  levels  of  the  tide.  During  the  time  he  was  absent  from  England,be  found  to  his  great  regret  when  he  came  home,  that  very  serious  damage  had  been  done  to  the  embankment  by  a  heavy  gale  of  wind  during  a  high  tide  last  winter,  and  he  bad  been  appalled  to  find  that  it  required  no  less  than  £SOOO  to  repair  the  damage  done  and  to  make  an  extension  of  the  embankment,  in  consequence  of  some  of  the  sand  banks  being  washed  away.  The  result  was  this,  that  they  bad  to  incur  a  debt  of  £4500,  a  year  and  half's  amount  of  the  rates,  and  they  could  do  nothing  but  increase  that  debt  in  case  any  unforeseen  casualty  should  atise—a  casualty  which  impossible  for  any  man  to  say  how  soon  it  might  Lrise.  It  was  of  no  use  blinking  the  question,  and  he  should  state  at  once  that  without  making  the  real  circum circumstances  stances circumstances  known,  he,  for  one,  would  dare  not  incur  the  responsibility  attaching  to  the  duties  of  the  commissioners.  He  found,  als  ),  that  a  large  mass  of  clay  had  been  swept  down,  which  everybody  should  know  was  detrimental  to  the  navigation  of  the  river.  The  sand  banks,  too,  bad  been  decreasing  year  after  year,  between  New  Brighton  and  Hoy Hoylake  lake Hoylake  to  an  alarming  extent,  and  when  they  knew  that  those  sand  banks  had  formerly  served  as  an  embankment  against  the  sea,  and  when  they  were  aware  of  the  power  of  water  when  it  once  acquired  the  mastery,  and  that  on  that  shore  strong  north-westerly  would  raise  a  22  feet  tide  to  26  feet,  he,  for  one,  had  no  hesitation  in  saying  that  if  they  were  again  visited  with  such  a  gale  as  they  had  been  a  few  years  since  visited,  on  the  7th  of  January,  the  damage  that  would  be  done  would  be  almost  irreparable.  Fle  should  also  mention  that  when  the  embankment  was  first  made  there  were  300  yards  of  fore  shore,  and  that  that  fore  shore,  having  been  since  washed  away,  the  great  difficulty  which  the  surveyor  had  to  contend  against  was  in  mabitaining  the  foot  of  the  embankment_  In  consequence  of  the  action  of  the  tide  a  great  part  of  the  embankment  bad  sunk  three  or  four  feet,  and  they  had  accordingly  been  obliged  to  add  to  the  tnp  of  it.  It  was  originally  formed  of  sand,  and  it  was  then  coated  with  clay,  and  paved  with  a  pebble  pavement,  and  when  he  saw  that  it  had  cost  £O,OOO  to  repair  the  damage  done  in  a  single  year  from  a  small  hole  being  made  in  the  embankment,  he  could  not  conceal  from  himself  that  it  was  the  period  was  not  far  disfant  when  the  public  bodies  of  the  town  would  have  to  make  a  sea  wall,  in  all  probability  commencing  distance  wot:  nbe  and  ending  at  Hoylake.  The  and  the  cost  would  Id  be  about  eight  miles,  '400,000  to  £500,000,  and  in  expressing  :ould  say  that  he  had  not  arrived  at  it  without  serious  reflection.  The  time  was  not  far  distant  when  that  large  expense  would  have  to  be  incurred  for  the  safety  of-the  port,  and  probably  next  session  of  Parliament  they  would  be  required  to  go  for  extended  powers  for  the  purpose  of  raising  a  much  larger  sum  than  they  were  empowered  to  do  under  the  present  act.  The  corporation  had  not  much  land  at  the  other  side  of  the  river,  and,  therefore,  had  not  a  very  large  pecuniary  interest  there,  but  he  would  not  shrink  from  saying,  that  the  Dock  Committee,  as  the  owners  of  enormous  property  there,  should  join  the  corporation  in  the  expense  of  erecting  such  an  embankment  as  would  make  this  great  port,  its  shipping,  and  its  property,  quite  secure.  No  one  would,  for  a  moment,  suppose  that  he  could  doubt  the  judgment  and  talent  of  their  most  able  corporation  surveyor,  but  his  time  was  so  occupied  now—(he,  Mr.  Holme,  knew  as  a  fact,  that  he  was  frequently  working  till  eleven  o'clock  at  night  at  his  house,  and  up  again  at  it  at  five  o'clock  in  the  morning)—that  it  was  impossible  for  him,  whatever  might  be  his  ability,  or  energy,  to  pay  that  attention  to  this  subject  which  its  importance  imperatively  demanded.  It  was  impossible  for  him,  unless  they  gave  him  a  deputy deputysurve3or  surve3or deputysurve3or  to  attend  to  the  bus-floss  of  the  council,  to  pay  that  attention  to  the  Wallasey  embankment  which  it  should  receive  ;  and  as  the  subject  was  of  such  importance  that  it  should  be  promptly  attended  to,  he  would  suggest  that  the  surveyor  be  relieved  of  that  responsibility,  and  a  gentleman  of  first-rate  talent,  and  accustomed  to  the  construction  of  large  sea  walls,  employed  to  attend  to  it.  lie  did  not  care  whether  Mr.  John  Hartley,  Jun.  or  not,  but  it  was  necessary  that  they  should  have  the  best  talent  which  the  country  could  produce,  for  the  purpose  of  making  an  embankment  which  would  be  a  bulwark  against  the  sea,  and  preserve  this  port  from  the  perils  which  sooner  or  later,  under  the  present  state  of  things,  would  unquestionably  take  place.  amount  to  from  Xs  that  opinion  he  el-  The  matter  was  allowed  to  drop.  In  the  appointment  of  forty-one  members  of  the  council,  to  be  commissioners  under  the  acts  relating  tol  the  churches  of  St.  Paul  and.  St.  John,  the  only  new  appoint appointments  ments appointments  were  Mr.  Aiken,  Mr.  Farnworth,  and  Mr.  Law Lawrence,  rence, Lawrence,  in  the  room  of  Mr.  Arthur  Henderson,  Mr.  W.  J.  Horsfall,  and  Mr.  Mark  Ward,  out  of  the  council.  The  twelve  members  appoir.ted  last  year  as  com commissioners  missioners commissioners  to  inspect  and  audit  the  dock  accounts,  and  the  members  appointed  commissioners  under  the  Income  and  Property  tax,  were  re-appointed.  A  memorial  forwarded  by  Mr.  B.  J.  Thompson,  very  numerously  and  respectably  signed,  was  read.  The  memorialists  complained  of  the  inconvenience  which  persons  crossing  the  river  experienced  from  the  ferry ferryboats  boats ferryboats  starting  by  the  baths'  clock,  which  did  not  always  correspond  with  St.  Nicholas'  and  St.  George's  clocks,  and  prayed  that  an  illuminated  clock  might  be  so  placed  there,  that  all  could  see  it.  Mr.  C.  Stewart  suggested  that  St.  George's  and  St.  Nicholas's  clocks  should  be  made  to  keep  the  same  time,  and  if  the  boats  started  by  either  of  them,  the  inconve inconvenience  nience inconvenience  would  be  remedied.  [St.  George's  clock  is  at  present  kept  by  the  parish.  and  St.  Nicholas'  byithe  corporation,  and,  as  a  matter  of  course,  they  never  by  any  chance  agree.]  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  Alderman  S.  neitne,  seconded  by  Mr.  Alderman  Dover,  the  memorial  was  ordered  to  lie  on  the  table.  !4',&#34;  This  concluded  the  business."
