text
"Between  the  several  colonies  in  the  British  West  Indies  without  passing  through  the  United  Kingdom  Between  Malta  and  Gibraltar  without  passing  through  the  United  Kingdom  Between  the  British  West,  Indies  and  Malta  or  Gibraltar  through  the  United  Kingdom  Between  Malta  or  Gibraltar  and  Hong-Kong,  via  Egypt  -  Bet  W  e STYLE=superscript  -en  the  British  West  Indies  and  Hong  Kong,  via  the  United  Kingdom  and  Egypt  D  UNCAN.  H.  BLAND,  Whitehall,  Treasury  Chambers,  Jan.  12.  THE  BOOK  POST.—The  Gazette  of  Friday  night  contains  a  Treasury  warrant,  extending  and  applying  the  re4.7ulations  of  the  book  post  to  bookq,  &amp;c.,  passing  between  the  several  colonies  in  the  British  West  Indies  without  passing  through  the  United  Kingdom  ;  between  Malta  and  Gibraltar,  without  passing  through  the  'juiced  Kingdom  ;  between  the  British  West  Indies  and  Malta  or  Gibraltar,  through  the  United  ;  between  Malta  or  Gibraltar  and  llong  Kong,  via  - STYLE=superscript  Egypt  ;  between  the  British  West  Indies  and  Song  Kong  (via  the  United  Kingdom  and  Egypt).  With  reference  to  the  unfortunate  naval  officer  sentenced  to  death  for  cowardice,  the  Cork  Constitution  says  We  understand  a  letter  has  been  received  from  an  Luthority  high  in  the  Admiralty,  in  reference  to  the  case  of  Lieut.  Dennehy,  in  which  it  is  stated  that  the  entire  facts  of  the  case  were  not  before  the  public;  however,  the  Lords  of  the  Admiralty  had  commuted  the  extreme  punishment  to  trans transportation  portation transportation  for  life,  which  the  unfortunate  officer  will  have  to  undergo  His  father,  a  veteran  officer  in  the  navy,  is  well  known  and  highly  respected  on  this  station,  and  is  connected  with  the  packet  service  A  circular,  cancelling  all  the  former  volunteering  instructions  issued  since  the  commencement  of  the  war,  was  issued  on  Friday.  It  consists  of  revised  special  instructions  for  carrying  into  effect  the  volunteering  from  the  militia,  and  effects  many  improvements  of  detail  on  the  old  plan,  which  was  frequently  attended  with  much  confusion  and  inconvenience.  The  volunteering  is  to  he  superintended  by  a  steady  (if  pnssih:e,  a  Field)  officer,  with  a  surgeon,  whose  approval  will  he  finil.  Tine  height  must  be  five  feet  six  inches  for  the  Guards,  five  feet  five  and  a-half  inches  for  the  Cavalry,  and  five  feet  four  inches  for  the  Infantry.  Volunteers  will,  if  ovcr  nineteen  years  of  age,  be  allowed  to  reckon  one-half  their  militia  service  (over  eighteen)  as  line  service,  and  their  good  conduct  pay,  &amp;e.,  is  to  ha  preserved  to  them  equally  as  if  they  remained  in  the  militia.  THE  STRIKE  AT  ANCRESTEr"
