text
"PROSPECTUS.  THIS  Company  is  formed  for  the  purpose  of  constructing  a  Floating  Dock  and  Harbour  at  Sißoth  Bay,  in  the  SolwayFrith,  on  the  Coast  of  Cumberland,  and  connecting  the  same,  by  a  Railway  twelve  miles  and  three  quarters  in  length,  with  the  Port  Carlisle  Railway,  and  so  with  the  Junction  of  the  Caledonian,  Lancaster  and  Carlisle,  and  Newcastle  and  Carlisle  Railways,  at  Carlisle,  twenty-one  miles  distant.  A  safe  Port  on  the  North-West  coast  of  England,  where  Vessels  may  enter  and  load  and  discharge  at  all  times  of  the  tide,  has  long  been  required—the  other  Ports  on  that  Coast,  as  Whitehaven,  Workington,  Maryport,  and  Port  Carlisle,  being  dry  harbours,  and  only  accessible  at  tide  time.  Silloth  Bay;  in  the  Solway  Frith,  and  distant  about  ,  I  twenty-one  miles  from  Carlisle,  is  peculiarly  well  situated  for  the  construction  of  Floating  Docks,  and  a  Harbour  ac ac'  ' ac'  cessible  to  Vessels  at  all  times  of  the  tide,  night  as  well  as  day,  being  a  safe  anchorage,  with  deep  water  close  to  the  shore,  in  which  large  vessels  may  ride  the  whole  of  the  ,twenty-four  hours  --the  depth  of  water  at  low  water  of  the  ihighest  spring  tides  being  from  three-and-a-half  to  five five,  , five,  land-a-half  fathoms.  A  Railway  is  now  in  course  of  construction  from  Carlisle  to  Port  Carlisle,  which  will  be  completed  early  next  year,  'and  which  at  Drumburgh,  eight  miles  and  a-half  distant  from  Carlisle,  will  be  within  thirteen  .  miles  distance  from  .Silloth  Bay.  It  is  proposed,  with  the  concurrence  and  under  the  sanction  of  the  Port  Carlisle  Railway  Company,  to  -take  advantage  of  this,  and  to  construct  a  Floating  Dock  and  Harbour  at  Silloth  Bay,  and  connect  the  same  with  the  Port  Carlisle  Railway,  by  a  line  of  Railway  twelve-and twelve-andthree-quarter-miles  three-quarter-miles twelve-andthree-quarter-miles  in  length,  joining  the  Port  Carlisle  - STYLE=superscript  p  n  ii  w  n-  -.4..  I)  1.31/  rgh  tim  Tr  distance  from  Silloth  Bay  to  Carlisle  twenty-one  miles.  A  large  and  increasing  trade  is  carried  on  by  Newcastle  ;and  the  other  Ports  on  the  East  Coast  of  England,  with  the  West  coast  of  England  and  Ireland,  which  the  existing  Ports  'on  the  West  coasts  are  quite  inadequate  to  accommodate.  A  'great  part  of  the  traffic  is  now  conducted  in  sailing  vessels  sound  the  South  of  England  or  North  of  Scotland,  the  former  being  a  distance  of  about  1,000  miles,  whilst  if  goods  carried  across  from  Newcastle  to  Silloth  Bay  by  railway  were  shipped  there,  the  distance  to  Ireland  would  be  under  200  miles.  The  important  and  increasing  City  of  Carlisle  is  now  one  of  the  greatest  railway  centres  of  the  kingdom,—the  Lancaster  and  Carlisle,  the  Caledonian,  the  Glasgow  and  South-Western,  the  Newcastle  and  Carlisle,  and  the  Mary Maryport  port Maryport  and  Carlisle  lines  all  meeting  there,  and  another  line  from  Hawick  to  Carlisle,  in  continuation  of  the  North  British  is  also  in,  contemplation.  The  projected  Harbour  at  Silloth  Bay  would  be  the  nearest  deep-sea  harbour  to  this  great  centre  of  railways,  and  as  the  Solway  Frith  in  which  it  is  situated  runs  up  so  far  into  the  land,  as  a  glance  at  the  Map  of  England  will  show,  the  Carlisle  and  Silloth.  Bay  Railway,  'with  the  Port  Carlisle  and  Newcastle  and  Carlisle  Railways  would  form  a  direct  Railway  connection  between  the  Ger German  man German  Ocean  and  the  Irish  Sea  at  the  narrowest  part  of  the  Island.  The  Harbour  at  Silloth  Bay  would  thus  afford  the  readiest  and  best  Port  for  the  coal,  coke,  and  manufactures  of  Newcastle  and  the  surrounding.district  sent  to  the  Irish  market.  Steamers  would  also  be  enabled  to  ply  between  Silloth  Bay  and  the  ports  of  Liverpool,  Dublin,  Belfast,  and  !other  ports,  by  which  short  and  easy  passages  would  be  afforded  at  regular  hours,  quite  independent  of  the  tides.  It  is  proposed,  in  the  first  instance,  to  make  a  Floating  Dock,  at  Silloth  Bay,  of  about  four  acres  area,  which  would  serve  as  an  Entrance  Basin  to  Docks  of  a  larger  area,  to  be  constructed  when  the  increase  of  trade  should  require  them.  The  Line  from  Silloth  Bay  to  Drumburgh,  on  the  Port  Carlise  Railway,  would  pass  through  a  fine  agricultural  country,  and  a  considerable  income  from  local  traffic  and  passengers  may  safely  be  anticipated.  A  single  line  only  will  be  laid  down  in  the  first  instance,  but  sufficient  land  will  be  taken  and  works  constructed  for  a  double  line  when  the  same  may  be  found  necessary.  The  landowners  are  in  general  strongly  in  favour  of  the  line,  and  some  of  them  are  upon  the  Provisional  Committee,  and  promoters  of  the  under undertaking.  taking. undertaking.  The  country  through  which  the  line  passes  is  per perfectly  fectly perfectly  flat  and  level—there  will  be  no  heavy  earthwork  or  expensive  works  of  any  kind—and  it  is  estimated  that,  allowing  liberally  for  all  contingencies,  the  total  costs  of  the  Railway,  including  the  purchase  of  land,_  will  not  exceed  £65,000,  being  at  the  rate  of  £5,000  per  mile.  Contrac Contractors  tors Contractors  of  undoubted  respectability  are  ready  to  undertake  the  construction'of  the  line  for  this  sum.  The  Estimates  for  the  Dock  and  Harbour  have  been  pre prepared  pared prepared  by  Mr.  J.  B.  Hartley,  of  Liverpool,  who  has  had  great  experience  in  the  planning  and  carrying  out  of  such  works.  They  amount  to  £60,500.  The  total  estimated  cost  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  works  will  thus  stand  as  follows  Cost  of  Railway  £35,000  Cost  of  Dock  and  Harbour  Parliamentary  and  Preliminary  Expenses  and  Contingencies  .„  .  .  £135,000  The  sources  of  traffic  have  been  carefully  iniuired  :into,  and  fully  tested  by  person.s'extensively  engaged  in  shipping  anfl  manufactures,  and  in  every  way  competent  to  make  a  correct  estimate  of  the  various  kinds  of  merchandise  that  will  enter  the  harbour  and  pass  over  the  line.  Taking  into  account  thepresent  actualtrafficfrom  Newcastle  to  Ireland,  now  carried  by  a  long  sea  voyage  round  the  island,  and  which  would  be  diverted  into  the  new  line,  together  with  the  local  traffic,  a  minimum  return  of  £2O  per  mile  per  week  may  be  safely  calculated  upon  for  the  Railway,  which,  with  the  receipts  from  the  Dock  Dues,  would  yield  a  divi dividend  dend dividend  of  upwards  of  six  per  cent.,  after  allowing  50  per  cent.  for  working  expenses.  The  undertaking  has  the  cordial  support  of  the  Port  Carlisle  Railway  Company.  Arrangements  will  be  made  with  this  Company,  under  the  sanction  of  Parliament,  for  facilitating  the  carriage  of  goods  over  their  line.  Applications  fur  Shares  in  the  form  annexed,  and  also  for  Maps  and  Prospectuses,  may  be  made  to  Mr.  JOHN  CARRIYTHERS,  the  Secretary,  or  Messrs.  W.  &amp;J.  NANSON,  Solicitors,  at  Carlisle;  and  the  following  Brokers  :—Messrs.  F.  W.  Flint  and  Co.,  Hull  ;  Messrs.  Redsdale  and  Myers,  Leeds;  Mr.  James  Watson,  Glasgow  ;  Mr.  Oliver  Howden,  Edinburgh  ;  Messrs.  F.  and  W.  Gillow,  Liverpool  ;  Messrs.  Hoyland,  Son,•  and  Ball,  Manchester  ;  Mr.  H.  B.  Jones,  Preston  ;  Bragg,  and  Stockdale,  London  ;  Drewry  and  Richardson,  Newcastle-upon-Tyne.  _  _  FORM  OF  APPLICATION  FOR  SHARES.  To  the  Provisional  Committee  of  the  Carlisle  and  Silloth  Bay  Railway  and  Dock  Company.  Gentlemen,--1  request  that  you  will  allot  to  me  shares  of  twenty-five  pounds  each,  in  this  undertaking  ;  and  I  agree  to  accept  the  same,  or  such  less  number  you  may  al allot  lot allot  me  and  I  undertake  to  pay  the  deposit  of  two  pounds  ten  shillings  per  share  thereon,  and  to  execute  the  par parliamentary  liamentary parliamentary  contract  and  subscribers'  agreement,  when  re required  quired required  so  to  do.  Dated  this  day  of  1853.  Name  Residence  Description  PRICE  THREEPENCE.  §miess  by  Ruction.  Pier  and  chimney  glasses,  costly  timepiece,  gaseliers,  framed  engravings,  paintings,  plate  and  plated  articles,  TO  BE  SOLD  BY  AUCTION,  BY  MR.  HILL,  On  THURSDAY  next,  15th  day  of  December,  1853,  at  Eleven  o'clock  prompt,  on  the  premises,  Pine-street,  Myrtle-street  south,  (opposite  the  new  Orphan  Asylum,  near  Windsor,)  FXCELLENT  fashionable  rosewood,  and  nmi nmihogany  hogany nmihogany  HOUSEHOLD  FURNITURE,  splendid  pier  and  chimney  glasses,  costly  timepiece,  - STYLE=superscript  under  glass  shade,  gaseliers,  paintings,  framed  engravings,  plate,  and  plated  articles,  double-barrelled  gun,  modern-built  drag,  and  other  effects.  The  Drawing  and  Sitting-rooms  are  furnished  complete  en  suite,  rosewood  centre  table,  set  of  chairs,  cabinet,  with  marble  top  and  plate-glass  back  ;  devotional  chair,  couch,  also  a  complete  en  suite  of  Spanish  mahogany,  couch,  set  chairs,  lounger,  cabinet  sideboard,  rocking-chair,  valuable  timepiece,  under  shade  ;  splendid  pier  and  chimney  glasses,  ornaments,  framed  engravings,  valuable  paintings,  plate  and  plated  articles,  gaseliers,  Brussels  carpets,  rugs,  mats,  window  drapery,  pole  cornice,  Venetian  blinds,  &amp;c.,  &amp;e.  ;  lobby  cloth,  mats,  crum  cloth,  drop  blind,  hall  gas  chandeliers,  splendid  mahogany  half halfteeter  teeter halfteeter  French,  and  four-post  bedsteads,  and  hangings,  mattresses,  feather-beds,  bedding,  mahogany  and  other  chests  of  drawers,  toilet  and  other  tables,  washstands,  toilet  glasses,  carpets,  sets  chairs,  commodes,  iron  bed bedsteads,  steads, bedsteads,  stair  carpets  and  rods,  kitchen  furniture,  dish-covers,  ware,  clock,  dresser,  chairs,  &amp;c.  On  view  on  the  morning  of  sale  ;  catalogues  to  be  had  only  from  Mr.  HILL,  64,  Hanover=street.  GEORGE  NICHOLSON  .  ACCOUNTANT,  _  5,  JAMES  -STREET,  CASTLE-STREET.  B  ITTER  ALE.—The  best  and  cheapest  is  BARTON'S  WINDSOR  BREWERY,  UPPER  PARLIAMENT-STREET.  TEA.  —The  entire.advantage  arising  from  the  Reduction  of  the  Duty  on  Tea,—from  the  lowest  cash  buying,—and  from  the  best  and  most  extensive  selec selection  tion selection  of  the  article,  is  secured  to  Purchasers  at  the  Establish Establishments  ments Establishments  of  BINYONS,  ROBINSON,  &amp;  CO.,  Tea  Importers  Manchester.  COALS.  —BEST  HOUSE  COALS  First  Quality,  16s.  Second,  145.,  Third,  13s.  per  Ton,  Discount,  FIVE  PER  CENT.  for  READY  MONEY.  BY  S.  B.  JACKSON  41,  DALE-STREET,  and  21,  MOSS-STREET."
