text
"a  profitless  speculation—l  three  pages  of  advertisements  out  of  ,hey  may  boast  f  having  they  peo/Ae  may  tell  us  that  papers  which  are  given  away  pay  well;  but  we  have  ascertained  all  question,  that  a  Newspaper  which  has  to  keep  up  a  literary,  reporting,  and  news  staff,  with  lespatches,  and  all  the  other  auxiliary  a  morning  journal  anything  and  an'  adveitisifig'  sheet,  cannot  be  prOduced  ,nd  this  we  think  quite  sufficient  ?lanation,ef  the  change  we  have  made  as  regards  it  ecisual  übscribers  will  continue  to  receive  this  paper  at  two  guineas  .  per  afinum  ;  and  we  'can  say  with  no  small  that  our  present  list  is  sufficiently  numerous  to  justify  our  stating  that  we  can  lose  nothing  by  the  recent  •  alteration  ;  but,  on  the  contrary,  to  maintain  the  ground  we  have  taken  from  the  first,  and  to  give  this  important  town  and  port'  a.  •  first-class,  and.  thoroughly  honest,  and  independent  Newspaper.  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  was  the  first  provincial  morning  paper  established  in  England.  We  took  the  field  in  the  face.  of  . STYLE=superscript  a  host  of  weekly  papers  which  came  out  every  _  day  in  the  week  filled  with  the  , STYLE=superscript  same  stuff  hashed  and  re-Bashed  es  in  every  seven  days.;  and  our  success  Tonle  one  of  the  most  memorable  in  y.  We  'muse  confess,  however,  tware  that  we  made  ourselves  nation.  We  did  'not  at  we  WE  at  the  principal.  iper  proprietors  in  the  thouaht  of  combinir  mean  accessible  to  the  poorest  as  well  •as  the  richest  class  of  the  community  ;  and  after,  trying  the  3xperiment,  we  find  that  to  continue  it  loss.  To  would  only  enormous  hate  persevered  at  a  penny,  we  must  have  sacrificed  some  feature,  instead  of  adding  anything  present  stoc  n  us  what  the  of  intelligence  and  general  time  and  experience  have  Newspaper  readers  of  Liver-  arcely  offer  any  ries  for  placing  ourselves  .hick  will  enable  us  to  supply  the  manufacturing  dis-  s  much-  entitled  to,  and  can  as  well  to  support,  'a  -first-class  or  leading  Kim  and  Middlesex.  And  as  we  have  had  two  lger  e  rience  as  a  morning  paper  than  in  the  town,  the  public  will,  we  feel  the  best  judges  a  lied  with  the  descrip  n  and  refinement,  we"
