text
"WIGAN.  The  town  remains  peaceable  and  quiet,  and  although  the  death-like  forms  of  the  female  factory  hands  are  everywhere  to  be  seen,  there  appears  as  yet  no  disposition  on  their  part  to  resume  work  at  previous  prices.  A  still  greater  number  of  the  females  (but  very  few  men)  presented  themselves  at  the  respective  mills  on  Monday  morning,  but  not  in  sufficient  numbers  to  warrant  the  masters  to  commence  operations.  IRELAND  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  TUESDAY  EVENING.  THE  EXHIBITION.—The  arrangements  for  the  promenade  in  the  Exhibition  building  are  pro progressing  gressing progressing  most  satisfactorily.  A  general  announce announcement  ment announcement  of  the  plan  of  proceedings  will  be  made  in  a  few  days,  and  an  office  opened  for  the  sale  of  season  tickets.  To  give  increased  attraction  to  the  promenade  it  is  intended  to  decorate  the  building  with  groups  of  evergreen  shrubs  and  flowers,  in  addition  to  fountains  and  a  little  statuary,  From  the  rapid  manner  in  which  the  goods  are  being  re removed  moved removed  it  is  expected  that  the  promenade  will  be  opened  to  the  public  about  the  first  week  in  De December.  cember. December.  A  number  of  men  are  at  present  busily  employed  in  demolishing  the  counters  and  walls,  now,  with  the  exception  of  the  foreign  collection,  almost  the  only  remains  of  the  past  Exhibition.  Mn.  MACDOUGALL'S  CASE.—The  accusation  against  this  gentleman,  which  I  briefly  alluded  to  in  my  Saturday's  despatch  was  continued  in  the  Court  of  Chancery.  The  petition  was  presented  on  the  part  of  Mr.  William  Robinson,  of  the  Phoenix  iron  works,  and  was  to  the  effect  that  when  he  was  labouring  under  a  temporary  derangement,  and  confined  in  a  lunatic  asylum,  the  respondent  had  procured  his  release  for  a  few  days,  and  then  prevailed  on  him  to  sign  certain  mortgages  and  deeds  of  transfer,  in  which  the  respondent  had  an  interest.  The  present  proceeding  was  to  break  the  deeds,  and  in  the  event  of  success,  a  motion  will  be  made  to  strike  Macdougall  off  the  roll  of  attorneys:  The  attorney-general  and  Mr.  Hughes,  Q.C.,  have  been  heard  for  the  respondent,  and  Mr.  F.  Fitzgerald  /  Q.C.,  for  the  petitioner.  The  first  named  gentleman  has  perhaps  something  more  than  a  professional  interest  in  the  case,  as,  considering  his  late  appointment  of  the  accused,  his  discretion  is  rather  at  stake  in  the  matter.  Macdougall  belonged  to  a  most  respectable  firm  in  the  city,  his  partner  being  a  brother  of  Judge  Perrins.  The  case  has  excited  great  interest  and  the  court  was  crowded  to  excess  during  its  hear hearing.  ing. hearing.  To-day  Mr.  Exham  will  reply  for  the  petitioner.  AN  ELECTION  INTRIGUE.—The  facts  of  a  disrepu disreputable  table disreputable  piece  of  electoral  intrigue  have  just  been  re-opened  here.  The  matter  was  connected  with  the  Carlow  borough  election  of  July,  '52,  in  which  Mr.  John  Sadlier,  the  present  junior  lord  of  the  treasury,  was  the  successful  candidate,  and  it  is  this  gentleman  whose  conduct  appears  in  the  least  advantageous  light  in  the  business.  It  is  necessary,  for  perfectly  understanding  this  case,  that  your  readers  should  know  that  there  is  a  banking  estab establishment,  lishment, establishment,  with  numerous  ramifications  in  this  t  a  S  s  ,  c  ,  k  sadieil  .  s  c  l  o  t  u  i  n  s  t7  ho  ,c  i  a  v  l  e  l  v  e  e  d  r,  c  much  Tipperary  better  j STYLE=superscript  knownoi  nStock  from  the  position  as  chairman  which  Mr.  S.  occupies  in  it.  A  Mr.  Edward  Dowling,  a  Roman  Catholic  elector  of  the  borough,  thought  proper  to  use  his  influence  against  Mr.  Sadleir,  and  wrote  a  letter  in  the  local  paper,  canvassing  and  disputing  that  gentleman's  claims  on  the  constituency.  Mr.  Dowling,  as  afterwards  appeared  to  his  cost,  did  not  act  very  discreetly  in  doing  this,  for  the  that  is,  the  branch  department  of  the  Tip Tipperary  perary Tipperary  establishment,  held  certain  acceptances  of  his.  At  the  time  of  the  election  they  had  yet  a  few  months  to  run.  A  poor  drunken  wretch,  named  Crotty,  was  sought  out,  and  the  bills  being  placed  in  his  hands,  he  was  instructed  forthwith  to  arrest  Dowling  on  them.  This  was  to  screen  the  real  actors,  and  accordingly  on  the  eve  of  the  election,  the  arrest  was  made,  and  the  unlucky  politician  put  altogether  without  the  possibility  of  voting.  After  th  election,  however,  on  application  to  Judge  Crampton,  in  chamber,  Dowling's  release  was  ordered,  as  it  appeared  the  bills  were  not  actually  due  at  the  time  of  the  arrest.  The  learned  judge  in  making  the  order,  commented  rather  strongly  on  the  facts;  and,  following  them  up,  Dowling,  as  soon  as  he  came  out  of  prison,  com commenced  menced commenced  an  action  for  false  imprisonment  against  Crotty.  The  trial  was  to  have  come  on  at  the  last  March  commission,  in  Maryborough,  but  was  rather  curiously  put  a  stop  to.  Most  unaccountably,  of  course,  the  day  before  the  assizes,  Crotty  got  amongst  a  rather  convivial  set  of  fellows,  drank  some  quarts  of  whiskey,  and  died  just  in  the  nick  of  time  for  those  who  were  trembling  in  their  coats,  at  the  exposé  his  evidence  would  bring  upon  them.  That  was  the  end  of  the  comedy  or  tragedy  for  the  time  being,  but  strangely  enough  there  seems  to  be  a  sort  of  fatuity  about  the  actions  of  the  Only  a  few  days  ago,  Dowling  was.  again  arrested  on  those  very  same  acceptances,  and  yesterday  an  application  was  made  to  the  exchequer,  for  his  release.  A  number  of  affidavits  were  read,  of  which,  if  one-fiftieth  be  true,  Mr.  John  Sadleir,  M.P.,  is  what  we  expressively  term  in  this  country,  exceedingly  nice  We  shall,  however,  it  is  probable,  soon  hear  what  he  has  to  say  for  himself,  as  an  order  has  been  made  that  the  shall  forthwith  file  affidavits  in  answer.  CLONMEL.—There  is,  as  I  have  heard,  no  doubt  of  Mr.  O'Connell's  return.  The  league  have  been  routed  most  signally,  and  unmistakeably.  WIND  AND  WEATHER  REPORT.-YESTERDAY.  WIND.  London  NE.  Dull.  Dover  NE.  Fine.  Perth  NE.  Fog&amp;cld  Lowestoft  NE.  Fine.  Plymouth  E.  Fine  and  frosty.  Portsmouth  N.  Fine.  Poole.  N.  Fine.  Bristol  W.  Fine.  Edinburgh  W.  Fine.  WIND.  Newcastle....  W.  Fine  and  cold.  Berwick...  W.  Fine.  Bridlington  W.  Frosty.  Scarborough  W.  Fine  and  frosty.  York.  W.  Frosty.  Gloucester  NW.  Fog.  Southampton  NW.  Fine.  Hull..  NW.  Fine.  WEST  AFRICAN  MAILS.  -  The  Postmaster-General  has  given  notice  that  the  west  coast  of  African  packet  will  not  be  despatched  before  the  Ist  December  next,  and  that  let letters  ters letters  will  be  in  time  for  her  on  the  30th  instant.  We  have  been  informed,  says  the  Warwick  Advertiser,  that  the  Hon.  Miss  Camoys,  daughter  of  Lord  Camoys,  took  the  veil  at  the  Benedictine  Priory,  at  Princethorpe,  on  Tues Tuesday  day Tuesday  last.  The  ceremony  was  presided  over  by  the  Right  Rev.  Dr.  Ullathorne,  who  was  assisted  by  a  number  of  priests.  _  COLONEL  DOUGLAS  PENNANT  AND  THE  WELSH  EISTEDDFOD.  —The  Hon.  Colonel  Douglas  Pennant  declines  the  proposed  honour  of  the  Presidency  of  the  coming  Eisteddfod,  as  he  is  not  a  Welshman.  He  also  strongly  objects  to  the  holding  of  an  Eisteddfod,  alleging  that  he  thought  no  practical  good  resulted  from  such  ephemeral  gatherings.  THE  DERBY  CASE  OF  BRIBERY.  The  indictment  against  the  Right  Hon.  William  Beresford,  upon  which  the  grand  jury  returned  a  true  bill  upon  a  charge  of  bribery  arising  out  of  the  recent  election  for  Derby  (removed  by  a  writ  of  certiorari  into  the  Queen's  Bench),  has  not  yet  been  set  down  for  trial  ;  it  is,  however,  competent  for  either  party  to  do  so  before  Saturday  next.  The  prosecutor  neglected  to  give  notice  of  trial,  in  consequence  of  the  defendant  being  under  recognizances.  The  solicitors  for  the  defendant  gave  notice  of  trial  and  obtained  a  rule  for  a  special  jury,  which  has  since  been  nominated  and  struck,  and  the  indictment  will  be  set  down  for  [trial  at  the  sittings  after  the  present  term  at  Westminster.  Sir  Frederick  Thesiger,  Mr.  Bodkin,  and  another  legal  gentleman,  are  already  retained  for  the  de defendant,  fendant, defendant,  it  being  understood  that  the  attorney-general  will  appear  on  the  part  of  the  prosecution.  CURE  OF  CANCER  BY  Dr.  DE  DEICYNES  '  THE  FRENCH  PHYSICIAN  NOW  IN  L  IVERPOOL  .  —A  mongs  t  the  marvellous  cures  that  G.  P.  De  L'Huynes,  M.D.,  effects  every  day,  upon  patients  declared  incurable,  such  as  the  deaf  and  dumb,  the  paralytic  and  consumptive,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.,  should  be  cited  the  cure  of  cancer,  without  operation,  as  a  real  benefit  for  humanity,  Dr.  De  L'Huynes  has  just  cured  a  lady  of  high  rank,  in  London,  who  was  abandoned  by  the  faculty,  with  a  cancer  at  the  breast.  He  has  recently  cured  in  Germany,  the  Countess  of  Schiller  of  an  ulcerated  cancer  in  the  right  breast.  At  Cheltenham,  and  in  Birmingh  am,  he  has  effected  two  other  cures  of  the  same  malady,  acknowledged  by  the  most  distinguished  physicians  of  those  towns.  Moreover,  in  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  the  Doctor  has  very  lately  cured  another  lady  afflicted  with  this  cruel  malady.  The  reputation  that  Dr,  De  L'Huynes  has  already  acquired  for  himself  in  England,  is  increased  every  .  day,  by  some  marvelloils  and  astonishing  cures.  In  leaving  Liverpool  at  the  end  of  'December,.  Dr.  De  L'Huynes  will  go  to,  icor*,  thence  to  Edinburgh  444  Glasgow.  •"
