text
"SATURDAY'S  MARKET.  SAILED.  Jan.  4—Louisa  Ann,  Cagliari—Eugenie,  and  St.  Patrick,  Mobile  —Wm.  Ash,  Berhice—Alphard,  Schiedam—Belle  Kate,  Trieste--.  Eagle  Wing,  Alexandretta—Sophia  Clasina,Trieste—Thor,  Tampico  —Peter  Maxwell,  New  Orleans.  Jan.  s.—Cynosure,  New  Orleans  —Ripple,  Gibraltar—Aweiiea  (R.M.S.),  Boston—Princess  Royal,  and  Blandine,  both  for  Africa—Jess:  Mantura,  and  Gazelle,  all  for  S:.  Michaels—Burlington,  Philadelphia—Frank  Pierce,  anti  Ashland,  both  for  New  Orleans—Vision,  Hong  Kong—lvanhoe,  Cal Calcutta—Lady  cutta—Lady Calcutta—Lady  Bruce,  Lima—Sebastopol,  and  Alarm,  both  for  Born Bornbay—  bay— Bornbay—  Cintra,  Lisbon—Dumbarton  Youth  (s.s.),  Malta—Frankfort  (s.s.),  and  Vigo  (s.s.),  both  for  Constantinople—King  Arthur,  St.  Michaels—Progress,  Mobile—Aurora,  Bio.  Jan.  6.—Paramatts,  Constantinople.  Falmouth,  Jan,  3.  Tarbert  Roads,  Dec.  OUTPORTS.  Sailed—Fortuna,  Liverpool.  2nd.—The  Milton  saile  - STYLE=superscript  i  for  Liverpool.  •  MARITIME  EXTRACTS  Liverpool,  Tan.  s.—The  Grzele,  which  sailed  this  morning  for  St.  Ill'chaels,  put  back  this  afternoon  with  loss  of  bulwarks  anti  stanchions,  having  been  in  contact  with  the  steam  tug  Towar&amp;  Castle.—The  Gleanor  (American  ship),  from  London,  arrived  hero  with  loss  of  jibboom  and  head,  having  been  in  contact  with  the  St.  Lawrence,  from  New  Orleans,  this  morning,  off  the  Ormes  6th.—The  St.  Lawrence,  Webb,  from  New  Orleans,  with  loss  of  jibboom,  &amp;c.,  having  been  in  contact  with  the  Gleaner,  as  reportedi  yesterday.  Douglas,  Isle  of  Man,  January  3.—The  Maria  Anne,  from  Dublin  to  Whitehaven,  was  totally  wrecked  last  night,  south  of  the  Head.  Crew  saved.  Jamaica,  Dec.  10.—The  Aid,  from  Liverpool,  has  landed  a  con.  siderable  portion  of  her  cargo  damaged  by  sea  water,  to  the  entire  destruction  of  many  of  the  goods.  Antigua,  Dec.  13.—The  Wasdee  sprung  a  leak  Nov.  28.  she  campleted  her  lading,  Dec.  1,  and  sailed  4th  for  Kingstown,  and  put  back  12th,  leaky  The  coast  of  the  Crimea  was  visited  by  a  hurricane,  Dec.  lg.  The  English  vessel  Caledonia,  which  arrived  at  Kamiesch  with  cargo  of  coal,  WPC  thrown  on  the  coast.  Crew  drowned.  _'&#34;&#34;The  Inglewood,  Burton,  sailed  from  Amoy,  May  15,  for  Singapore,  and  has  not  been  heard  of.  Falmouth,  Jan.  4.—Part  of  a  head  or  stern  board,'  gilt  indented  letters  Triz,  was  picked  up  on  the  swaapool  beach  this  day,  a  quart..  tity  of  loose  apples  are  also  floatieg  along  the  coast.  Stranraer,  Jan.  3.—The  Albion,  Hughes,  of  Bangor,  from  Ayr  to  Chester,  drove  on  shore  on  Cairn  Point,  but  was  got  off  yesterday►  apparently  without  damage.  t.  Thoinas,  Dec.  13.--The  American  barque  Governor  ()zholm•  of  Philadelphia,  laden  with  salt,  was  totally  lost  at  Bonaire,  about  Dec.  2.  Crew  saved.  FOREIGN  PORTS  Lord  G.  Bentinek,  from  San  Francisco;  and:Margaret,  from  Val..  parruso—both  at  Callao.  Telegraph,  from  Valparaiso  at  Callao,  and  sailed  for  Chlnchas.  Clyde,  from  Chi  nchas  at  Callao,  and  sailed  for  England.  Wallace,  sailed  from  Callao,  Nov.  13  ;  John  Sugars  Nov.  14;  and  Marco  Polo,  Nov.  16—all  for  England.  Boadicea,  hence  at  Santa  Martha.  Governor,  Tallentire,  from  Liverpool  and  St.  Thomas,  at  city  of  Domingo.  .  _  cleared  at  Constanti  n  opl  e  f  or  Li  verpool,  Dec  .  Dec.  20,  fur  Alexa  n  d  r  i  a;  an  d  Sarah  Sands  10,  14  8 STYLE=superscript  ;  Dec.  14,  for  Malta.  British  Queen  (.)  (:•s•),  OL  Mceander  (s.s.),  hence  at  Gibraltar.  Australia,  Hansen,  from  Chinchas  at  Gibraltar.  for  Cowes,  leaklo  vith  part  of  cargo  thrown  overboard,  and  must  discharge  to  repair.  Northern  Livht,  Plain,  from  Chinchas  at  Callao.  Champion,  Faraday,  from  Carthagena  at  Savanilla.  Radiant,  sailed  from  Savanilla  for  Liverpool,  Nov.  24;  and  Ma..  Ida,  for  London,  Uec.  2.  Bloag,  Wise,  sailed  from  the  Gulf  of  Chirique  for  LiverpoOls  Nov.  1.  Anna,  Cowell,  sailed  from  Paragua  for  Queenstown,  Nov.  8  Phoenix,  King,  hence  at  Antigua.  Ocean  Gem,  Burtin,  hence  at  Jamaica.  Severn,  hence  at  St.  Thomas,  for  the  East  Indies,  in  distress.  Helsingoer,  hence  at  St.  Thomas.  Argentina,  Hetbrrt,  hence  at  Demerara.  Eliza  Bain.  Carrigall,  hence  at  Barbados.  — STYLE=superscript  Georgina,  Proddow,  hence  at  Savanilla.  Wreath,  Wilson,  sailed  from  Payti  for  Valparaiso,  N  ov  .  22.  Y  et  I  .  v  .vr  a  a  r  al  t  p  ,  ;  a  h  rF  e  al  n  i  s  c  ko  e  w.  a  t  c  k  ;Medium;  Trinidad.  and  Joshua  Waddingt  o  all  3l STYLE=superscript  h  a STYLE=superscript  e  sr STYLE=superscript  n  °y STYLE=superscript  c  n STYLE=superscript  e  W' STYLE=superscript  Eva,  from  Newcastle;  Sydnev—all  at  Valparaiso  Sobraon,  from  the  Clyde;  and  Caspar,  fool  .  Sea  Snake,  from  Caldera  at  Valparaiso,  leaky,  and  discharging  to  repair.  i  jElizabeth,  hence  at  Savannah  La  Mar.  .  .  -  Dickey  Sam  sailed  from  V  a  l  para  i  s  o,  Nov.  1,  for  Lond  on  ;  Avert'',  Nov.  7,  •for  Ton  go  y  ;  Mary  Worrall,  Nov.  8,  for  Coquimbo;  DO  Dlego,  Nov.  11,  for  Caldera  ;  and  Pizarro,  Nov.  11,  for  Holism  ,  Calla.  Nov.  23,  for  Honduras,  not  sailed  for  Nazarene,  from  San  Fr:incise()  at  Callao.  Antrim,T  a  ll  Exodus,a  n  ti  r  h  e  fe  ,  r  no  li  mc  e  e,  nAcoeufisat  Jamaica,  aaCml  Australia  l  ia  a  c  o  ta  .  Liverpool  as  before  rer,orted.  Martha,  hence  at  Naples.  Vera,  and  Otto,  hence  at  Genoa.  •  Adelide,  hence  at  Terceira,  Medina,  Guthrie  ;  and  Isis—both  hence  at  Santa  Martha.  Madawaska,  Wild  Wave,  Tasmania,  Epaminondas,  Carrymorgro  and  Castilian—all  r:t  Chinchas.  Granton  sailed  from  Chinchas,  Nov.  13  ;  Australia,  14th;  Arabi  Maid,  15th;  Constitution,  21  bt  ;  and  Lord  Elgin,  22—a1l  for  England*  Magician  sai'ed  from  Laguayra  for  Porta  Cabello  and  Liverpool,  Nov.  20.  Streonshalk,  hence  at  Port-au-Prince.  Baronet  sailed  from  Table  Bay  for  Liverpool,  Nov.  10.  Henrietta,  hence  at  Puerto  Cabello.  Williams,  hence  at  La  Gunyra.;  Cosmopolitan,  hence  at  Curacoa,  and  sailed  on  her  return,  Nov.  IS'  Messina,  Evans  ;  and  Mercury,  cleared  at  (Demerara,  Nov.  2  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  1 STYLE=superscript  Eliza,  Nov.  2gth  Fairy,  and  Bermuda,  D  ec  .  3r  d—  a  l  l  for  Liverpool  .  Berbice  sailed  from  Bermuda  for  Liverpool,  Dec.  a.  DEATHS  On  the  26th  ult.,  Annie,  aged  4i  years,  daughter  of  Capt.  Eb%'  Lawson.  On  the  4th  inst.,  after  a  brief  irness,  Mr.  Gerald  Crean,  aged  24, STYLE=superscript  son  of  Mr.  Mar.  in  Crean,  of  Dublin.  The  deceased  was  for  eosin  time  connected  with  the  mercan  iii  e  department  of  this  journal,  110.  was  highly  respected.  On  the  4th  inst.,  at  his  residence,  Brazil  Cottage,  Wavertre  6 STYLE=superscript  George  Kenworthy,  aged  57,  late  of  Pernambuco,  far:  B  Irths,  Marriages,  and  Deaths,  are  oal7  Inserted  when  sent  to  our  Office  duly  arithentig.tgi,,  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLMER  of  21,  oxfo  rd STYLE=superscript  in  street,  at  kis  Gener  a  l  P  r  i  n  ti  ng  an  d  S  tat  i  onery  Establitlaaleot  South  John-street,  Liverpool.  MONDAY,  JANVAItir  7,  leak"
