text
"'.iout  six  n  Liverpoi  railway  station  ;  her  little  boy  we  to  meet  her.  he  Coroner  did  not  think  the  fact  of  the  little  boy  1g  her  was  at  all  material.  It  had  nothing  to  do  the  enquiry  Mr.  Dean  said  it  would  be  found  to  be  most  important  when  the  evidence  of  the  other  witnesses  came  to  be  heard.  Mr.  Smith  said  it  might  be  material  for  the  insurance  companies,  but  it  had  nothing  to  do  with  the  present  enquiry.  Mr.  Dean  replied  that  at  the  present  time,  no  insur insurance  ance insurance  companies  were  at  all  affected  by  the  death  of  Mrs.  Palmer;  all  the  insurances  that  bad  been  effected  had  long  since  been  paid.  Mr.  Smith  :  I  contradict  that.  Examination  resumed  :  Dr.  Bamford  was  called  in  on  Sunday  ;  in  about  half  an  hour  after,  a  box  of  pills  and  a  small  bottle  of  medicine  weresent;  I  saw  them  inSirs.  Palmer's  hands  ;  I  did  not  give  her  any  medi medicine  cine medicine  •  I  do  not  recoll  e  ct  see  i  ng  h  er  take  any  ;  during  her  illness  I  prepared  nothing  for  her  but  gruel,  tea,  arrow-root,  and  sago.  To  Mr.  Dean:  . STYLE=superscript  Dr.  Knight,  of  Stafford,  came  to  see  her  between  two  and  three  o'clock  in  the  afternoon  of  Monday  ;  after  Mrs.  Bradshaw,  the  nurse,  came,  she  slept  in  the  roam  with  Mrs.  Palmer;  I  did  not  see  her  much  afterwards  ;  I  understood  from  the  nurse  that  she  continued  to  vomit;  I  heard  Mr.  Palmer  say  that  Mrs.  Palmer  was  a  little  better  after  taking  the  medicine  prescribed  by  Dr.  Knight  ;  Mr.  George  Palmer  and  Miss  Sarah  Palmer  called  to  see  Mrs.  Palmer  during  her  illness;  Mrs.  Wall  also  called,  bat  she  was  not  allowed  to  see  her;  Mrs.  Palmer  died  on  the  Friday;  Mr.  Palmer  was  in  the  parlour  at  the  time  ;  he  went  up  stairs  when  the  bell  rang  ;  he  came  down  again  almost  immediately;  Mrs.  Bradshaw  was  the  only  other  person  in  the  room  at  her  death  ;  during►  Mrs.  Palmer's  illness  Mr.  Palmer  was  very  frequently  in  her  room,  and  in  constant  attendance  upon  her.  Mr.  Dean  :  Before  Mrs.  Palmer  went  to  Liverpool,  did  Mr.  Palmer  ever  attempt  to  take  liberties  with  you  ?  Mr.  Smith  objeeted  to  the  question  as  most  irregular  and  unfair.  Air.  Dean  contended  that  he  had  a  perfect  right  to  ssk  the  question,  and  that  it  was  natural.  The  Coroner  thought  it  was  a  question  which  the  witness  was  not  bound  to  answer.  Mr.  Dean  said  it  was  necessary  that  the  jury  should  have  an  answer.  Mr  Smith  protested  that  the  question  was  not  only  unfair,  but  Mega  1;  ,mr.,  Mau  evidently  wished  to  throw  some  scandal  Mr  D,an  111  aski  Mr.  called  upon  prevent  its  being  answered.  The  Coroner  said  that,  although  he  might  not  consider  it  'evidence,  he  shouldleave  it  to  the  jury  ast  o  whether  they  wished  the  question  to  be  answered  or  not.  Did  the'  jury  wish  an  answer?``  Several  Jurors  :  Yes,  yes.  ,Mr.  Smith  cou  ld  on  l  y  protest  against  it.  (To  the  wltn STYLE=superscript  es),  You  need  not  answer  the  question  unless  you  like.  e  corn  Lo  exercise  his  au:lioriy,  and  The  uestion  For STYLE=superscript  eman  of'  the  jury  :  The  jury  w  i  s  h  t  o  h  ave  the  q  answered.  Witness  (after  a  ase):  I  do  not  doubt  thae  would  have  taken  liberties  with  me  if  I  had  given  hi  h STYLE=superscript  m  my  cottent.  By  the  Coroner  :  Dr.  Bamford  attended  Mrs.  F'aliner  every  day  up  to  her  death  ;  Mrs.  Paltri  er  '  t  o  ld  me  th  a  t  she  tho  ug  h  t  she  had  taken  cold  by  putting  thin  clothes  on  at  Li  verpool;  I  do  not  knotv,  exceptfrom  hearsay,  that  any  intimacy  existed  between  . STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Palmer  and  Mrs.  Miss  Sarah  Palmer  examined  :  I  reside  at  Rugeley  ;  I  knew  Mrs:  William  Paltrier;  I  went  with  Mrs.'Palmer  Rtiots,rinteyvieey  ,ripor,o.ilt,honhe  M  r  . STYLE=superscript  o  d  n  u  d  r  a  i  y  no.  th  t  e  he  lBt  i  h  irne  of  ,  September,  1854  .  and  returned  t  o  with  her  on  the  t' STYLE=superscript  following  Wednesday;  Whilst  ati,u  Liverpool  her  health  was'  tolerably  good,  but  on  o  i STYLE=superscript  l  .  eq STYLE=superscript  d  ,, STYLE=superscript  Y,  after  arriving  at  Liverpool,  she  complained  being  tired;  on  returning  to  Rugelely.  on  Wed Wednesday,  nesday, Wednesday,  she  complained  of  being  chilly  and  cold,  and  said  she  thought  she  had  '  taken  a  violent  cold  ;  I  . STYLE=superscript  saw  her  on  the  Saturday  after  she  got  home  ;  she  then  again  that  she  thought  she  had  taken  a  violent  cold  ;  on  the  she STYLE=superscript  evening  she  was  at  a  con con--&#34;re's  --&#34;re's con--&#34;re's STYLE=superscript  Hail,  and  had  a  thin  white  `'''&#34;  l STYLE=superscript  l  cold  then  ;  when  Mo.  Air:  George  Palmer  (somewhat  excited)  :  I  have  every  wish  to  give  all  the  evidence  I  can  in  this  case  ;  but  wish,  Mr.  Coroner,  to  say  that  Mr.  Hawkins  wilt  never  leave  that  box  without  returning  a  verdict  against  my  brother.  At  this  stage  of  the  proceedings  the  court  adjourned  for  half  an  hour.  On  the  proceedings  being  resumed,  Mr.  Smith  said  he  was  instructed  on  behalf  of  those  who  employed  him  to  request  that  Mr.  Hawkins,  one  of  the  jurors,  and  who  had  been  instrumental  in  getting  up  evidence  against  Mr.  'William  Palmer,  should  at  once  withdraw  ;  and  in  a  case  in  which  the  life  of  a  man  might  be  at  stake,  he  thought  that  Mr.  Hawkins'  own  judgment  would  tell  him  that.)if  he  had  either  openly,  or  covertly,  had  anything  to  do  with  getting  up  evidence,  he  ought  in  decency,  to  withdraw.  The  Coroner  said  Mr.  Smith  must  be  aware  that  if  it  was  desired  to  challenge  a  juror,  it,  ought  to  have  been  done  before  the  inquiry  commenced,  and  that  'not  having  been  done,  it  was  not  in  his  power  to  discharge  the  juror  from  attendance.  Mr.  Smith  having  made  the  application,  was  satisfied.  Mr.  W.  H.  Tyndall,  the  assistant  actuary  of  the  Atlas  Insurance  Company,  produced  a  proposal  for  the  insur insurance  ance insurance  for  £5OOO  by  Mr.  William  Palmer,  on  the  life  of  his  wife  Mrs.  Annie  Palmer.  The  proposal  was  declined.  By  Mr.  Smith  :  The  proposal  was  received  in  February.  1854.  The  reason  why  it  was  declined  was  communicated  to  Palmer.  He  was  not  aware-that  the  Atlas  Company  had  entered  into  arrangements  with  other  companies  to  defray  the  cost  of  this  inquiry.  He  believed  no  such  arrangement  had  been  made,  because  if  it  had,  he  should  have  heard  of  it.  Mrs.  Matilda  Bradshaw  deposed  that  she  attended  Mrs.  Palmer,  as  nurse,  during  her  illness  in  September,  1854,  after  her  return  from  She  told  witness  that  she  took  cold  by  putting  on  a  thin  dress  at  Liverpool,  atri  that  after  she  went  to  bed  she  had  the  bowel  com complaint.  plaint. complaint.  When  she  attempted  to  get  up  in  the  morning  she  began  to  vomit  violently.  She  also  told  witness  that  glir.  Knight  had  attended  her,  and  given  her  some  medicine,  ,but  soon  after  taking  it  the  vomiting  returned  ;  she  complained  of  weakness  when  witness  first  saw  her,  and  saidlto  her,  ‘.  My  dear  Mrs.  Bradshaw.  lam  gild  you  have  come,  sit  on  the  bed  by  me  ;  Mr.  Palmer  then  left  the  room  •  witness  asked  her  w  h  a  t  was  , STYLE=superscript  tter  with  h  er  ,  'and  she  said  it  was  the  sickness  the  m  3  had  taken  that  exhausted  her  ;  she  was  lick  atte,  _  anything;.  during  the  time  witness  was  with  her  she  took  bread,  wine  and  water,  grapes,  tea,  gruel,  and  occasionally  toast  and  water,  but  not  much  of  anything;  almost  every  thing  that  witness  took  to  her,  she  refused,  as  it  made  her  more  sick;  she  further  said  to  witness  that  she  hoped  her  bowels  would  not  trouble  her  again,  or  :she  should  soon  be  dead;  that  was  on  the  day  before  she  died  ;  witness  remarked  to  Mr.  Palmer  that  her  bowels  were  not  acted  upon,  when  he  said  that  it  was  of  no  consequence  —that  it  was  better  for  her  as  she  took  so  little  support;  witness  attended  her  three  days  and  a-half,  and  her  bowels  were  not  moved  during  that  time,  nor  until  the  morning  of  her  death;  she  then  appeared  very  weak  and  low;  as:soon  as  her  bowels  were  moved,  she  did  not  vomit  any  more;  she  lived  only  three  or  four  hours  after  that;  witness  tried  to  persuade  her  to  eat,  when  she  said,  I  cannot  take  anything  —my  throat  is  strained  from  the  vomiting,  and  it  hurts  By  Mr.  Deane  :  She  frequently  complained  of  her  mouth  being  dry;;  the  medical  men  that  at  her  were  Mr.  Bamford  and  Mr.  Palmer  ;  witness  gave  her  a  mixture  and  pills  ;  after  taking  the  pills  she  slept  more  com comfortably;  fortably; comfortably;  she  had  also  effervescent  drafts  which  her  hus husband  band husband  gave  her  ;  she  generally  asked  him  for  them.  They  were  not  made  in  witness's  presence  ;  Mr.  Palmer  brought  some  water  in  a  glass  and  something  in  a  spoon.  Mr.  Deane  :  Describe  the  symptoms  of  Mrs.  Palmer's  death.  Witness  :  She  appeared  to  go  quite  low  and  composed  ;  she  begged  that  witness  would  not  trouble  herself  to  give  her  anything;  she  was  quite  sensible  to  the  last;  she  had  no  fits,  convulsions,  or  spasms  ;  the  last  thing  witness  gave  her  was  some  juice  of  grapes;  no  person  but  witness  and  Mr.  Palmer  gave  her  food;  Mr.  Palmer  came  in  and  out  a  good  deal  the  morning  she  died.  Mr.  Deane  :  Where  was  Mr.  Palmer  when  his  wife  died?  Witness  :  He  was  down  stairs;  1  rang  the  bell,  and  he  came  up  directly,  but  he  did  not  remain  ;  he  did  not  (vac  come  round  the  bed;  I  said  to  I  fear  Mrs.  Palmer  is  He  appeared  very  much  hurt  and  went  out  :  he  came  back  again  almost  immediately  after afterwards  wards afterwards  ;  he  went  out  again,  and  I  followed  him  into  the  next  room  ;  he  appeared  quite  unconscious  of  what  had  taken  place;  1  offered  him  some  brandy,  and  he  said  he  thought  he  had  been  asleep.  He  was  unconscious,  and  I  rubbed  his  hands,  and  he  appeared  a  little  better  ;  I  remained  with  him  a  few  minutes,  until  he  had  taken  the  brandy.  He  Mrs.  Bradshaw,  you  must  have  Mrs.  Rowley  to  assist  you  Mrs.  Rowley  and  I  laid  out  the  body,  about  which  there  was  nothing  peculiar.  The  limbs  were  not  stiff  until  the  body  was  cold.  A  Juror:  Was  Mr.  Palmer  with  his  wife  during  her  last  hours  ?  Witness  :  Yes.'  Mr.  Smith  :P,Vas  the  sacrament  administered  to  her  before  she  died  ?  Witness  :  Yes,  on  the  day  before,  by  the  Rev.  Mr.  Atkinson,  the  Vicar  of  Rugeley.  Mr.  Smith  :  Did  she  ask  him  to  pray  for  her  husband  and  her  child  ?  Witnes  I  do  not  recollect  whether  she  mentioned  her  husband,  but  I  remember  that  she  asked  him  to'  pray  Or.  her  dear  little  boy;  I  think  she  - STYLE=superscript  did  mention  her  - STYLE=superscript  husbani,  Mr:  Smith7.l  Was  Mr.  Pali  - STYLE=superscript  her  'afflict:iodate  towar,lB  ho!s  ?  •-•  •  Wi!11069  Yes,  and  he  seemed  to  wish  to  do  everything  f,,r.  her  comfort  that  lay  in  his  power  ;  When  he  beery  that  his  wife  wa  s  d  ead  he  seemed  very  -ale,  and  ver  much  put  about  ;  he  s  h  e  d  tears.  Mrs.  Palmer  was  of  ay  retiring  disposition,  and  she,  frequently  requested  that  during'  her  illiteSs  she  should  not  soe  anybody,  but  her  husband—not  even  her  own  relatives;  withess  told  Mrs.,  Wells  on  the  night  she  came.  The  witness  was  closely  examined  in  reference  to  the  prayer  Mrs.  Palmer  requested  Mr.  Atkinson  to  offer  up  for  liar  child.  She  said  she  'perfectly  recollected  Mrs.  Palmer  'asking  that  gentleman  to  offer  up  a  pray  wo  e  d  r  for  her  dear  child,  and  expressed  a  wi  s  h  that  he  up  to  it.  would  live  [This  portion  of  the  witness's  eviednce  produced  a  most  impressive  effect  upon  the  court.  She  Was  much  affected  whilst  giving  this  testimony,  and  the  propriety  of  her  manner  called  forth  the  respectful  a STYLE=superscript  pprobation  of  all  Tesent.)  Mr.  Wr  -- STYLE=superscript  Bamford,—  surgeon;  - STYLE=superscript  of  Rugeley  deposed  to  visiting  Mrs.  Palmer  on  the  24th  of  September,  1854;  when  she  complained  9f  nausea  and  debility,  so  much  so  that  it  appeared  painful  to  her  to  give  an  answer.  Her  bowels  were  in  a  constipated  state,  and  had  not  been  moved  for  twelve  or  fourteen  elle STYLE=superscript  got  worse,  he  prescribed  for  ivfrs.  hours.  Palmer,T  h  .The  w  i  tandnes  s  u  t  h  l  t  e  h  n  n  atel3,,  stated,a  as  what  h  s  a  h  t  requested  that  Dr.  Knight,  of  Stafford,  should  be  sent  for.  Mr.  Palmer  consented,  saying,  ,‘  se.id  for  him  He  was  sent  for  at  once  and  came.  Mr.  Palmer  paid  every  attention  to  his  wife  while  witness  was  there.  His  opinion  was,  that  Mrs.  Palmer  died  from  a  bilious  choleraic  attack.  '..  Mr.  Smith  :  What  is  your  opinion  about  Mr.  Palmer,  as  a  medical  man  ?  Witness  :  I  decline  to  say  any  thing  about  him  as  a  professional  man;  he  was  a  very  gentlemanly  person  in  his  manners.  Dr.  Knight,  physician,  of  Stafford,  deposed  to  being  called  in  to  see  Mrs.  Palmer,  in  September,  1854;  in  a  consultation  which  he  had  with  lair.  Palmer,  thelatter  Palmeicomplained  on  the  Wednesday  evening,  witness's  mother  asked  her  to  take  some  medicine,  but  she  declined  to  do  so,  but  she  afterwards  consented  to  put  her  feet  in  hot  water;  she  complained  of  soreness  at  the  chest,  ;and  said  she  felt  Very  weak  ;  s  h  e  also  appeared  Very  low;  witness  said  she  would  return  on  Sunday  morning  and  see  her,  when  Mrs.  Palmer  said,  don't  hurry  yourself,  your  mother  is  not  well,  and  I  have  William  to  take  care  of  me  witness  called  on  the  Sunday  morning,  and  found  her  in  bed  ;  on  Tuesday  she  called  again,  but  did  not  see  her,  as  she  was  toll  she  was  dying.  By  Mr.  Smith:  My  brother  William  generally  attended  upon  members  of  our  family,  personally,  as  a  medical  his  practice  was  nearly  confined  to  the  members  of  his  own  family  ;  I  ani  not  aware  whether  my  brother  is  aniember  of  the  College  of  Surgeons,  and  of  the  Apo Apothecaries'  thecaries' Apothecaries'  company,  bnt  I  know  lie  had  a  diploma  which  is  now  in  my  mother's  possession;  Mrs.  Palmer  had  a  life  interest  in  a  property  which  ceased  at  her  death  ;  Mrs.  Palmer  was  never  particularly  strong,  and  in  the  summer  of  1854  she  was  very  delicate,  and  went  to  two  watering  places  fur  the  benefit  of  her  health  ;  one  day,  while  at  Buxton,  in  August  1851,  Mrs.  Palmer  showed  witness  her  tongue;  it  Was  in  very  bad  condition,  and  witness  said,  Oh,  Annie,'  what  is  the  matter  with  you  to  which  she  replied,  Itis'nearly  always  so  she  said  that  she  had  been  in  the  habit  of  taking  a  great  deal  of  medicine,  and  attributed  it  to  not  having  taken  any  latdv.  •  By  Mi.  Smith:  On  the  road  home  from  Liverpool,  Mrs.  Palmer  took  no  refreshment;  they  were  on  tho  road  from  half-past  one,  until  twenty  minutes  before  five  ;  !hey  took  luncheon  before  they  started  from  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  at  about  twelve  o'clock.  Mr.  George  Palmer  examined  I  am  a  solicitor  at  Rtigeley,  and  am  brother  to  William  Palmer,  now  in  custody;  I  saw  Mrs.  Palmer,  the  deceased,  th  e  d  ay  s  h  e  returned  from  Liverpool,  an  d  she  seemed  unwell  ;  I  saw  her  in  my  brother's  breakfast  room,  where  she  remained  about  ten  minutes  ;  I  walked  with  her  on  her  way  home,  as  far  as  the  Talbot  Inn.  Mr.  Smith  :  Were  yon  present  at  your  brother's  sale?  Witness  :  I  was.  Mr.  Smith:  Did  you  hear  that  during  the  sale  certain  documents  were  found  in  a  drawer  in  your  brother's  house,  and  that  Mr.  Hawkins,  one  of  the  jury,  handed  them  over  to  Crisp,  an  officer  of  police,  and  that  afterwards  they  came  into  the  hands  of  Mr.  Gardner  ?  Witnes  :  Yes.  Mr.  Smith  :  What!  a  juryman  getting  up  evidence.  Why,  he  ought  to  leave  the  box  at  once!  Mr.  Gardner  wished  to  explain  hew  the  documents  came  into  his  hands,  but  the  Coroner  said  it  had  nothing  to  do  with  tha  enquiry.  Mr.  Hawkins,  the  juryman,  denied  Me,  statement,  and  wished  to  be  examined.  The  Coroner  again  objected,  on  the  ground  of  irre irregularity.  gularity. irregularity.  Smith's  Mr.  Smith  again  urged  his  point,  and  contended  that  Mr.  Hawkins  ought  to  leave  the  box  ;  his  presence  there  was  a  mockery  of  justice.  (Some  cheers  in  court.)  I  am  peepared  to  prove,  said  Mr.  Smith.  emphatically.  that  anonymous  letters  have  beep  written  by  a  juryman,  and  I  will  prove  it  before  the  case  terminates.  Let  that  go  to.the  world.  said  that  Mrs.  Palmer  had  been  Eat  Liverpool,  and  taken  the  cholera,  whi  c  h  was  raging  there.  She  was  vomiting  very  much,  the  retching  being  very  distressing;  she  was  so  much  exhausted,  that  he  could'-scarcely  understand  what  she  stated  ;  he  prescribed  a  draught,,consisting  of  two  minims  of  dilated  prussic  acid.  Mr.  Palmer  pro promised  mised promised  that  it  should  be  administered  immediately;  as  far  as  witness  could  form  a  judgment  of  the  case,  he  thought  it  a  severe  form  of  English  summer  cholera;  after  ordering  the  prescription  witness  walked  into  the  town,  and  called  upon  Mr.  Bamford  and  other  friends  ;  he  designedly  remained  two  hours  in  the  town  before  lie  Palmer's  to  inquire  the  effect  produced  by  then  if  two  hou  then  took  leave  if  she  lid  nrt,  con  t•  hi  -n  her  death  on  the  Sit  By  Mr.  Dune-:  I  She.  was  the  , STYLE=superscript  dauzh  sympto  gain  aft  the  Space  of  mewhat  relieved  i  he  Palmer  th  ve  he  would  inunediately  o  Stafford  that  eveninm  r  case  until  he  heard  of  v  event'  Palmer's  guard  r  of  Colonel  Brooks  ;  from  the  -  -  •  given  me  by  Mrs.  Brad  s  1  hay  sy  s  li  should  not  sus-  pect  poisoning  by  to  Mr.  Palmer,  cer  She  died  of  English  eL  the  purpose  of  registrat"
