text
"effecte  hiding  place  arid  secured  the  burglar,  who`was  - STYLE=superscript  conveyed  to  the  station-house.  On  being  searched,  he_  had  all  the  uc-  cessary  implements  for  housebreaking,  and  describes  himself  to  be  a  Dutchman  of  the  name  of  Van  Spilgarben  ;  and  of  the  clerks,  that  was  taken  away  on  a  former  mned;  he  also  d  and  Carroll,  respecting  the  terned  in  this  extensive  and  mysterious  robberies  of  plate  and  jewellery  in  the  clothi  was  on  his  had  a  lame  sum  of  have  r  eorrelpontrenct.  SHIP-OWNERS  AND  SHIP-BROKERS.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  SlR,  — STYLE=superscript  Knowing  that  your  paper  has  a  large  and  increasing  circulation  amongst  the  ship-owners,  mer merchants,  chants, merchants,  and  ship-brokers  of  the  port,  I  beg  to  call  your  attention  to  a  great  want  that  is  felt  in  this  town—namely,  an  Association  of  Ship-owners  and  Ship-brokers.  I  should,  therefore,  propose  that  such  an  asso association  ciation association  be  formed  for  the  settlement  of  all  disputes  relating  to  the  chartering  of  ships.  It  is  a  well-known  fact  that  scarcely  a  day  passes  but  what  there  is  some  dispute  between  a  ship shipowner  owner shipowner  and  his  broker,  or  the  charterer  and  his  broker,  relative  to  the  consignment  of  vessels  ;  as  to  who  is  entitled  to  the  commission,  and  what  portion  thereof,  when  it  is  legally  due,  &amp;c.  A  code  of  rules  should  be  fi•jmed  for  this  port,  and  let  every  ship-owner,  ship-master,  and  ship shipbroker  broker shipbroker  abide  by  those  rules.  I  hope  you  will  deem  this  letter  worthy  of  in insertion  sertion insertion  in  your  next  publication;  and  I  further  hope  that  some  abler  pen  than  mine  will  follow,  to  im impress  press impress  upon  the  shipping  interest  the  great  and  absolute  necessity  of  some  such  association  being  formed.—l  am,  Sir,  Yours,  &amp;c.  •  Liverpool,  17th  Nov.  A  SHIP-BROKER  was  held  DOCK  COMMITTE  E  .  —YE  ST  M  RDYA  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  this  Committ  yesterday.  C.  TURNER,  Esq.  in  the  chair.  The  other  members  present  were  —Mesa  bertson  Gladstone,  Langsdale,  Barber,  Steele  Greson,  Brocklebank,  Rankin,  Smith,  Locket  Tobin,  and  Evans  rs.  Shand,  Ro•  Rounthwaite,  Ilolme,  The  sub-committee  of  works  re  square  yards  of  land,  at  the  north-east  end  of  the  canal  looks,  fronting.  Lightbody-street,  be  let  to  Messrs.  Brand Brand'LH  'LH Brand'LH  Hilt&amp;  lara  — STYLE=superscript  ,a  ',valve&amp;  we  a  ve,  vaa--  ommended  that  1447  applied  for  the  authority  of  the  the  Cl  arence  dock  after  - STYLE=superscript  the  evenin  h  inst.  Confirm("
