text
"OVERLAND  MAIL.  We  have  received,  in  anticipation  of  the  Overland  Mail,  our  dispatches  from  India  and  China,  with  dates  following  :  Calcutta,  Oct.  4  ;  Bombay,  Oct.  14  ;  Burmab,  Sept.  19  ;  and  Hong  Kong,  Sept.  27.  We  annex  extracts  :  (From  the  Overland  Bombay  Times  of  Oct.  14.)  GENERAL  SUMMARY.-Our  advices  from  Burmah  are  up  to  the  19th  ultimo.  The  whole  of  the  country  on  the  eastern  side  of  the  Irrawaddy  is  in  the  hands  of  the  dacoits  or  patriets,  if  that  be  the  better  name  for  them,  who  have  pillaged  and  burned  most  of  the  towns  in  the  district.  On  the  other  side  of  the  river  the  garrisons  of  small  towns  have  been  attacked  and  the  towns  themselves  given  to  the  flames.  The  adroitness  of  these  robbers  is  remarkable  ;  they  in invariably  variably invariably  employ  stratagem,  make  a  sham  attack  on  the  gar garrison  rison garrison  to  distract  attention  and  keep  its  defenders  employed,  while  their  main  body  plunder  the  town  ;  they  then  betake  themselves  to  their  boats,  which  they  propel  through  the  water  at  a  speed  defying  capture,  and  so  escape.  As  to  the  Ryots,  they  are  dependent  upon  us,  but  we  afford  them  no  assistance  ;  they  are  plundered  by  the  dacoits  and  we  do  not  protect  them,  and  the  robber  chiefs  have  taken  advantage  of  our  supineness  to  point  out  to  them  that  the  policy  which  we  pursued  in  1825  will  be  next  year  repeated  by  us,  that  in  fact  we  will  then  evacuate  the  country,  when  those  who  have  now  transferred  their  allegance  to  the  British  Sircar  will  be  left  to  the  mercy  of  the  Govern Governmei  mei Governmei  t  which  they  abandoned,  and  then  the  Court  of  Ava  will  inflict  summary  punishment  upon  them.  Thus  is  the  fidelity  of  our  newly-acquired  subjects  jeopardised,  while  many  that  would  otherwise  join  'us  are  deterred  from  doing  so.  Nor  does  there  appear  any  possibility  of  exterminating  those  marauders  in  our  own  possessions.  No  sooner  are  they  worsted  by  us  than  they  retreat  beyond  our  frontier,  whither  we  cannot  follow  them  ;  nor  can  we  starve  them  or  the  Court  at  Ava  into  submission,  as  all  their,  supplies  come  from  the  northward,  so  that  viewing  the  question  in  an  impartial  manner,  and  bearing  in  mind  that  these  robbers  are  numbered  by  thousands,  there  is  but  one  course  to  be  pursued—Ava  must  be  conquered,  there  seems  nothing  else  for  it  ;  willing  or  unwilling  the  advance  is  forced  on  us,  and  there  is  no  retreating.  The  whole  of  Pegu  is  to  constitute  hereafter  one  division,  to  the  command  of  which  Sir  John  Cheape  has  been  nominated.  An  attack  is  anticipated  from  Meah  Toon's  followers  at  Henzada,  and  troops  have  been  sent  from  Rangoon  to  that  station;  a  necessary  step,  perhaps,  but  yet  to  be  deplored,  as  the  garrison  at  Rangoon  has  thereby  been  weakened.  The  attempt  of  the  assassin  Abdollah  upon  the  life  of  Colonel  Mackeson,  the  Commissioner  at  Peshawar,  we  regret  to  say,  has  proved  too  successful  ;  the  unfortunate  gentleman  lingered  four  days  in  agony,  when  death  relieved  him  from  further  suffering.  Various  are  the  rumours  assigned  as  to  the  cause  of  this  assassination  ;  some  say  that  mere  fanaticism  on  the  part  of  the  murderer  dictated  it,  but  others  and  with  greater  reason,  attribute  it  to  conspiracy,  the  murderer  being  the  tool  of  the  conspirators.  The  deceased  colonel,  before  he  died,  expressed  his  conviction  as  to  such  being  the  case.  The  murderer  has  been  tried,  and  of  course  sentenced  to  death,  but  owing  to  some  informality  in  the  proceedings  has  not  been  yet  executed.  It  is  said  that  another  assassin  was  dis dispatched  patched dispatched  to  murder  Major  111‘Gregor,  while  a  third  has  visi visited  ted visited  Lahore  to  see  what  he  can  do  in  that  locality.  Mean Meanwhile  while Meanwhile  Captain  James,  the  Deputy  Commissioner  at  Pe Peshawur,  shawur, Peshawur,  has  offered  a  reward  of  5000  rupees  for  the  detec detection  tion detection  of  any  of  the  accomplices  in  Colonel  Mackeson's  mur murder,  der, murder,  and  we  trust  he  will  succeed.  It  is  said  that  either  Colonel  Outram  or  Major  Edwardes  will  be  appointed  to  the  Commissionership  now  vacant  in  the  North-west.  Or Orders  ders Orders  have  been  issued  for  the  immediate  march  from  Rawul  Pindee  to  Peshawur  of  six  companies  of  her  Majesty's  22d  Foot,  the  4th  Regiment  N.  I.  and  the  7th  Irregular  Ca Cavalry.  valry. Cavalry.  The  9th  cavalry  are  to  march  from  Jhelum  to  Rawul  Pindee,  and  a  requisition  has  been  made  on  Seal Sealcote  cote Sealcote  for  a  regiment  of  native  infantry  and  a  corps  of  irregu irregulars  lars irregulars  to  be  sent  to  Jhelum,  which  is  nearly  denuded  of  troops.  An  European  regiment  is  also  to  be  held  in  readi readiness  ness readiness  to  march  from  Sealcotc  if  required.  The  cause  of  this  move  is  stated  to  be  the  conspiracy  for  Colonel  Mackeson's  death  having  been  traced  to  Saadut  Khan,  the  Momond  chief  of  Lalpoorah,  but  if  we  can  put  faith  in  the  statements  of  our  contemporaries  in  the  North Northwest,  west, Northwest,  the  march  of  troops  towards  our  frontier  in  that  direction  need  not  surprise  us,  for  we  learn  that  a  Russian  army  had  advanced  within  ten  marches  of  Oorgune,  the  commercial  capital  of  Khiva,  and  that  the  Khans  of  Khiva  and  Bokhara  had  beaded  their  troops  to  resist  the  enemy.  It  is  said  that  the  Russians  avow  their  object  to  be,  the  subjugation  of  the  country,'and  that  the  neutrality  of  Dost  Mahomed  of  Cabul  has  been  purchased.  The  Shah  of  cf  Persia,  too,  has  assembled  a  large  army  in  the  valley  of  Sooltania,  which  is  to  operate  against  the  Turks,  and  if  this  be  true,  it  is  conclusive  evidence  that  Russia  and  Persia  are  allies,  for  the  treaty  of  1828  forbids  the  government  of  the  latter  country  to  assemble  in  the  Valley  of  Sooltania  without  the  consent  of  Russia  being  first  obtained.  Dost  Mahomed,  it  is  alleged,  wishes  to  punish  the  Ghilzies,  but  want  of  cash  prevents  his  doing  so  ;  this  does  not  look  as  if  Russian  gold  was  plentiful  in  Cabul,  but  no  reliance  can  be  placed  on  such  reports,  as  they  may  be  made  for  interested  purposes.  It  is  with  deep  regret  we  have  to  announce  the  death;  at  Bareily,  of  the  Honourable  James  Thomason,  Lieutenant  Governor  of  the  North-west  Provinces,  on  the  27th  ult.  ;  all  parties  concur  in  paying  a  just  tribute  to  the  memory  of  the  deceased.  The  last  mail  from  England  announced  on  authority  the  appointment  of  the  deceased  gentleman  to  the  governorship  of  Madras.  Accounts  from  Bhawulpoor  represent  a  lamentable  state  of  affairs  in  the  dominions  of  our  old  ally  the  deceased  Bhawul  Khan.  It  will  be  remembered  by  our  readers  that  Sadeek  Mahomed  Khan,  the  rightful  heir  to  the  throne,  was  deposed  by  the  usurper  Ilajee  Khan,  whose  reign  since  has  been  one  continued  scene  of  bloodshed,  rapine,  and  debauchery.  Almost  his  first  act  was  to  sanction  the  murder,  in  cold  blood,  of  the  Vizier  of  the  deceased  monarch,  and  the  forcible  dishonour  of  the  female  members  of  his  family;  his  next,  to  permit  the  assassination  of  his  own  minister  and  his  brother,  but  the  latter  escaped  death  by  cutting  down  one  of  the  hired  mur murderers  derers murderers  ;  he  is,  however,  now  a  prisoner.  He  then  caused  a  person  named  Bukshee  Supersad,  a  connexion  of  Raja  Deena  Nath,  to  be  poisoned  at  a  party  which  he  (the  usurper)  gave,  and  having  thus  cleared  off  all  his  most  active  enemies,  he  has  given  himself  up  to  a  life  of  the  most  abandoned  de debauchery,  bauchery, debauchery,  sparing  the  honour  of  no  female,  however  respect respectable  able respectable  she  may  be,  and  he  has  entrusted  the  government  of  his  country  to  his  five  maternal  uncles,  in  whose  hands  he  is  a  completete  tool.  The  unfortunate  people,  as  may  well  be  imagined,  are  living  under  a  system  of  grinding  oppression,  and  are  afraid  to  call  their  lives  their  own.  From  Bengal  we  learn  that  Colonel  Low,  C.  8.,  has  taken  his  seat  as  third  ordinary  member  of  the  Council  in  the  room  of  Sir  Walter  Raleigh  Gilbert,  deceased,  and  this  is  the  only  item  of  intel intelligence  ligence intelligence  we  have  from  the  Eastern  presidency  to  lay  before  our  readers.  Of  our  own  presidency  we  may  mention  that  government  wrote  to  Mr.  Luard,  by  order  of  the  Court  of  Directors,  on  the  12th  ult.,  to  name  the  individuals  he  accused  of  having  connived  at  the  great  Surat  robbery,  and  that  that  gentleman  replied  on  the  14th.  We  must  observe  that  unless  a  full  and  open  inquiry  be  immediately  ordered  by  government,  the  character  for  integrity  which  Englishmen  claim  for  themselves  is  seriously  affected  as  far  as  the  native  population  of  India  is  con concerned.  cerned. concerned.  Lord  and  Lady  Falkland  are  at  the  Hills  ;  his  lordship,  it  is  said,  will  not  leave  Bombay  until  after  the  arrival  of  his  successor.  Lord  Frederick  Fitzclarence  is  still  in  Poona,  and  purposes  making  an  extensive  tour  in  the  ensuing  cold  weather.  General  Stavely  has  proceeded  to  Madras  to  take  up  the  command  of  that  army  ;  Sir  Richard  Armstrong,  it  is  understood,  will  leave  India  by  the  Barham  in  December  next.  The  Hon.  Company's  steam-frigate  Feroze  has  returned  from  Burmah,  bringing  with  her  the  officers  and  crew  of  the  ill-fated  Moozuffer,  for  the  trial  of  whom  a  naval  court-martial  assembled  on  the  6th  instant,  under  the  superintendence  of  Captain  Lynch  as  president.  After  a  patient  and  searching  investigation,  Captain  Hewett  and  his  officers  were  not  only  fully  and  honorably  acquitted,  but  highly  complimented  by  the  pre president  sident president  for  the  energy  and  officer-like  conduct  displayed  by  them  on  so  trying  an  occasion.  A  new  bank,  to  be  called  the  of  Bom 'Bombay,'  has  been  started  at  the  presidency  with  every  pro prospect  spect prospect  of  success.  The  shares  are  now  at  a  premium  of  4  per  cent.  The  state  of  trade  is  dull  and  depressed,  but  money  is  abundant.  BOMBAY  COMMERCIAL.  FROM  THE  28TH  SEPT.  TO  THE  13TH  Ocr.,  1853.  We  have  little  change  to  report  in  the  state  of  the  money  market  since  our  last.  Money  continues  to  be  obtained  on  easy  .terms,  though  we  think  it  is  likely  to  become  more  valuable  ere  long.  In  government  securities  the  principal  transactions  have  been  in  Four-per-cent.  paper,  which  ad advanced  vanced advanced  to  3  per  cent.  premium  shortly  after  the  appearance  of  the  notification  closing  the  loan  of  1842-3  for  cash  sub subscriptions,  scriptions, subscriptions,  but  this  high  rate  has  not  been  maintained,  and  we  now  quote  at  21.  Metals  maintain  their  prices,  and  meet  with  ready  sale.  Cochineal-2  to  2  1-16  rs.,  having  slightly  advanced  since  the  arrival  of  late  accounts  from  home.  Cotton—The  price  of  cotton  has  given  way,  owing  to  the  combined  bad  accounts  of  the  Chiva  and  English  markets.  Freights  have  been  steadily  maintained  - STYLE=superscript  at  £2  16s.  of  £2  17s.  6d.  per  ton.  Exchange  on  England  has  been  firm  at  2s.  1.  3-16  d.  to  2s.  1.  5-16  d.  per  rupee,  for  best  bills  at  six  months'  sight  ;  at  present  have  rather  an  upward  tendency  ;  the  last  quotation  may  be  considered  the  rate  of  the  day.  BOMBAY  MONEY  MARKET.  EXCHANGES  '  OCT.  13—On  London,  at  6  months'  sight,  per  r.  2s.  lid.  to  2s.  ,  for  document  bills  ;  six  mouths'  sight,  per.  r.  2s.  Id.  3-16ths  to  3s  11c1.,  for  credit  bills.  On  Calcutta,  at  60  days'  sight,  rs.  994.•  30  days'  sight,  rs,  994  ;  at  sight,  rs.  99  13-  16 STYLE=superscript  ths.  On  Madras,  at  30  days'  sight,  100/  to  1002  ;  at  sight,  101.  On  China,  at  60  days'  sight,  100$-265.  PRICES  or  Bum:loll—Sovereigns,  each,  rs.  10  5-16ths  nominal  ;  Bank  of  England  Notes,  rs.  10  3-15ths  per  £l,  nominal.  FREIGHTS—To  London  £2  12s.  6d.  to  £2  15s.  per  ton  to  Liverpool,  £2  17s.  6d.  to  £3  per  ton;  to  Calcutta,  nomi nominal,  nal, nominal,  per  Russ  ;  to  China,  rs.  10  to  12  per  candy.  CALCUTTA.  CALCUTTA,  OcroßEa  4.  We  have  had  one  or  two  occurrences  of  more  than  ordi ordinary  nary ordinary  interest  since  our  last  dispa  ‘  tch.  Colonel  Mackeson,  the  Commissioner  at  Peshawur,  has  been  murdered,  while  sittinc  , STYLE=superscript  at  his  verandah,  after  the  office  business  of  the  day  was  done.'  It  appears  that  the  murderer  had  come  down  from  the  hills,  having  made  a  vow  to  kill  Mackeson  and  two  or  or  three  other  of  the  chief  officers  of  the  station.  There  has  been  a  sharp  and  brilliant  enagement  in  the  Deccan,  between  Brigadier  Mayne  and  a  Talookdar  at  the  head  of  200  Arabs.  Every  one  of  the  Arabs  were  slain,  and  their  leader  taken  prisoner.  On  our  part  there  are  2  officers  killed,  2  severely  wounded,  20  privates  slain,  and  50  wounded.  The  brigadier  had  two  horses  shot  under  him.  This  is  considered  here  a  very  dashing  affair,  and  reflects  great  credit  upon  Mayne  and  his  soldiers.  (From  the  Bengal  Hurkaru,  of  October  4.)  Another  fortnight  has  passed  away,  during  which  we  have  to  record  the  arrival  of  several  steamers  from  Rangoon,  which  have  put  us  in  possession  of  Burmah  news  up  to  the  17th  ultimo.  We  wish  it  was  in  our  power  to  announce  the  final  establishment  of  peace  and  tranquility  throughout  the  territories  we  at  present  hold  in  Burmah,  but  we  grieve  to  say  that  matters  have  assumed  an  aspect  which  leads  us  to  apprehend  that  the  views  which  we  have  all  along  expressed  regarding  our  position  in  Burmah,  will  turn  out  only  too  true.  Affairs  are  evidently  fast  approaching  to  a  crisis.  All  intelligence  tends  to  confirm  that  the  real  struggle  is  about  to  begin  ;  a  struggle  which  must  be  overcome  a  tout  prix,  and  which  will  involve  a  fearful  sacrifice  of  money  and  life.  We  proceed  to  give  an  account  of  the  intelli intelligence  gence intelligence  that  has  reached  us  since  the  departure  of  the  last  Overland  Mail.  From  this  it  would  appear  that  the  whole  of  the  northern  section  of  the  annexed  territory  is  not  only  .  overun  with  dacoits,  but  that  these  free freebooters  booters freebooters  are  acting  in  concert,  and  it  is  feared  under  orders  from  the  Ava  Government.  The  King  himself  does  not  os ostensibly  tensibly ostensibly  take  any  part  in  the  movements  that  are  going  on  in  Burmah,  but  his  brother  is  stated  to  collect  troops  in  every  direction.  The  Governors  of  the  several  districts,  for formerly  merly formerly  belonging  to  his  Golden-footed  Majesty,  are  taking  great  pains  in  spreading  reports  that  the  King  is  making  every  preparation  for  attacking  and  expelling  the  foreigners,  and  that  every  man  who  dares  to  submit  to  the  English,  should  the  re-conquest  take  place,  will  be  visited  with  capi capital  tal capital  punishment.  In  conjunction  with  this  threat,  the  robber  chiefs  are  on  the  other  hand  proving  that  even  if  his  Majesty  may  not  be  able  to  carry  out  his  intention  to  the  fullest  ex extent,  tent, extent,  no  means  shall  be  spared  for  the  attainment  of  the  ob object  ject object  in  view.  The  notorious  Meah-Toon  is  busy  in  collect collecting  ing collecting  his  forces,  and  he  is  reported  to  have  already  4500  men  under  his  command,  with  whom  lie  is  stockading  himself  in  one  of  the  creeks  not  approachable  by  regular  forces.  An Another  other Another  not  less  daring  bandit,  Moung-koung-Eyee,  with  6000  men,  holds  military  possession  of  the  great  district  of  the  Thairawaddie  to  the  south-east  of  Prome.  A  third  chief  with  some  unpronounceable  name,  mustering  a  force  of  about  6000  men,  is  said  to  be  within  four  days'  march  of  Rangoon,  and  to  be  contemplating  an  attack,  so  that  we  may  soon  have  our  hands  full  of  work  in  all  quarters  of  Pegu.  It  is  now  too  plain  that  all  these  movements  are  instigated  by  the  Court  of  Ava,  and  if  any  doubt  could  remain  on  the  matter,  it  vanishes  by  the  fact  that  the  blockade  of  the  river  has  now  been  turned  against  us,  and  that  the  Irrawaddy  has  been  closed  above  Meaday.  CALCUTTA  COMMERCIAL.  CALCUTTA,  Oar.  4.  The  Peninsular  and  Oriental  Company's  steamer  Pre Precursor,  cursor, Precursor,  with  the  London  mails  of  the  24th  August,  arrived  off  town  yesterday.  The  London  produce  markets  con continued  tinued continued  in  a  steady  position.  Discounts  had  been  higher,  but  just  before  the  mail  left  some  relaxation  was  obser  vable.  Oar  produce  market  here  was  tolerably  active  for  about  a  week  after  the  last  steamer  left,  then  there  was  a  pause,  caused  no  doubt  by  the  very  heavy  rains,  which  l  as  t  e  d  f  or  three  days;  but  now  again  on  the  eve  of  the  mail's  depar departur,emuch  tur,emuch departur,emuch  activity  is  displayed,  more  particularly  so  as  hnsi hnsinree  nree hnsinree  nn  thA  AO,  ;n.4.  for  the  annual  iloorgah  Poojah  holidays.  Prices  of  nearly  all  kinds  are  firm  if  not  even  higher.  The  exports  of  sugar  are  gradually  creeping  up,  being  for  the  month  of  September  25,850  mds.  In  the  same  peLioih  of  raw  silk  are  I  , STYLE=superscript  y  mnre  so  than  they  probably  ever  were  before  in  one  month.  They  reach  to  4118  mds  !  Silk  piece  goods  of  all  kinds  have  been  in  good  inquiry,  and  conahs  have  been  freely  shipped.  There  is  a  full  extent  of  business  doing  in  saltpetre  for  England  and  the  United  States,  and  prices  are  thereby  fully  sup supported.  ported. supported.  In  rice  there  has  been  a  good  deal  doing  for  France.  Fur  Mauritius  and  Bourbon  a  large  business  has  been  in  progress  while  a  full  extent  of  shipments  have  been  directed  to  Great  Britain.  Shell  lac  is  chiefly  being  sought  after  by  . STYLE=superscript  American  buyers  at  present.  Lac  dye  has  been  very  mode moderately  rately moderately  shipped  to  all  parts.  In  safflower  a  large  business  for  England  has  been  done,  chiefly  in  common  qualities.  Of  hides  the  shipments  arc  heavy  to  Great  Britain,  and  to  a  fair  extent  to  the  United  States.  Shippers  of  linseed  arc  mostly  found  amongst  the  American  merchants,  who  do  not  scruple  to  pay  very  full  prices.  In  mustard  seed  hardly  anything  has  been  done.  Castor  oil  has  been  neglected.  Catch  in  good  request,  and  shipped  to  some  extent  to  all  quarters.  In  Jute  the  prevalence  of  low  prices  tend  to  swell  the  list  of  exports.  There  must  now  be  a  good  deal  at  mar market  ket market  and  customers  are  wanted.  Rum  has  been  shipped  to  Great  Britain  and  Australia.  The  shipments  of  opium  during  the  month  have  been  con considerable,  siderable, considerable,  being  upwards  of  4,000  chests.  The  bazaar  seems  to  be  free  of  any  excitement  regarding  this  article.  Regarding  the  import  market  all  we  can  say  is,  that  prices  have  continued  tolerably  firm,  but  then  it  must  be  added  that  during  the  last  week  hardly  enough  business  has  been  done  to  indicate  what  state  the  market  is  really  in.  Of  Scotch  goods,  lappets  have  been  the  most  freely  dealt  in,  but  these  have  only  sold  to  a  very  small  extent.  Most  of  the  sales  were  effected  soon  after  the  last  mail  left  ;  and  during  the  last  week  less  business  has  been  reported  done  than  we  over  remember  to  have  seen  just  previous  to  the  holidays.  Reported  sales  of  mule  twist  during  the  last  fortnight  are  only  396  bales.  Prices  continue  firm,  and  much  better  rates  are  confidently  looked  forward  to  by  some  parties  as  likely  to  be  realised  after  the  holidays.  In  Turkey  red  and  other  colours  no  transactions  are  reported  during  the  last  week,  and  very  few  since  the  last  mso  left.  Of  metals  very  little  need  be  said.  Copper,  however,  is  again  rather  higher,  but  the  sales  are  very  small.  Iron  is  very  firm.  Quotations  of  Government  Securities  are—Transfer  Five  per  cent.,  612  to  7  Its.  •  New  Fives,  3  Bto  4  Rs.  ;  Old  Sicca  ditto,  2  8  Rs.  ;  Co.'s  Rs.  Four  per  cent.,  38  to  3  10  pm..  The  Share  market  stands  as  follows  :—Bank  of  Bengal  '  shares  Co.'s  Its.  6155  to  6150  ;  Agra  and  U.S.  Bank,  660  to  635;  North-Western  Bank,  300  to  305  ;  India  General  Steam,  550  to  600  each.  Excirayaß  remains  remarkably  steady.  Present  rates  are  as  follow  :  —lst  class  Credits,  2s.  ld  ;  ditto  Documents,  2s.  Id.  to  2s.  1-4  d.  per  rupee.  On  China,  Rs.  247  to  250  per  $lOO.  'FREIGHTS.—Quoted  rates  are  as  follow  :—To  London  :  sugar,  4/.  ;  saltpetre,  3/.  17s.  6d.  to  4/.  ;  rice,  4/.  2s.  Gd.  ;  jute,  4/.  10s.;  hides,  Si.  to  61.  ;  oilseeds,  4/.  7s.  Gd.  :  shellac,  4/.  to  4/.  ss.  ;  lac  dye,  4/.  10s.  to  4/.  15s.  To  Mau Mauritius  ritius Mauritius  :  Co.'s  Rs.  2-2-0  per  bag,  payable  there  at  50  cents.  INDIGO.—The  shipments  have  been  chiefly  confined  to  Great  Britain,  and  comprise  367  chests  during  the  month  of  September.  CHINA.  Our  advices  from  China  are  to  the  27th  September:—  From  Shanghae,  we  learn  that  on  the  7th  of  September,  that  city  was  taken  by  a  mob  of  Kwaugtnng  and  Fokien  men,  who  have  for  some  time  been  organising  themselves  into  a  secret  society,  to  which  the  name  of  the  Knife  is  popularly  given,  but  which  is  in  fact  a  branch  of  the  Triads.  They  had  been  in  great  activity  at  Shanghae,  and  by  their  large  numbers  and  dissolute  character  were  causing  much  anxiety  to  the  authorities.  At  daybreak  on  the  morning  of  the  7th,  the  confederates,  with  banners  fly flying,  ing, flying,  contrived  to  enter  the  city  in  a  body.  One  section  made  at  once  for  the  residence  of  the  Chehien,  or  District  Magistrate,  who  had  rendered  himself  peculiarly  obnoxious  to  some  of  band.  He  was  taken  and  slain  on  the  spot,  and  his  residence  with  its  furniture  entirely  destroyed.  Those  of  the  Taoutae,  or  Intendent  of  Circuit,  and  of  the  Hoifting  Ting,  or  Marine  Magistrate,  suffered  the  same  fate  ;  but  no  other  houses  or  persons  were  wilfully  injured  ;  and  it  would  appear  that  no  farther  means  were  required  to  take  possession  of  the  entire  city  except  to  place  guards  at  the  gates,  who  prevented  the  carrying  away  of  property  :  The  7th  of  September  was  the  anniversary  of  Confucius,  when  the  Chinese  mandarins  worship  before  the  altars,  and  a  procession  takes  place,  among  which  were  thousands  of  persons  ready  for  revolt.  Here  they  killed  Che-hein.  Criers  gong,  and  p  proceeded  atr  Proclaiming  once  through  h  t  a  h  n  e  gh  ci  a  t  e  y  h  b  a  e  d  at  e  i  h  n  a  g  ng  th  ed  e  Chinese  rulers—that  the  pillage  of  private  property  would  not  be  permitted—that  robbers  caught  in  the  act  would  be  sum summarily  marily summarily  punished—and  directing  the  people  to  open  their  shops,  and  proceed  with  their  usual  daily  avocations.  Mili Military  tary Military  patrols  paraded  the  streets  to  repress  violence  and  tumult,  and  to  arrest  offenders  against  the  proclamation  just  made.  The  organised  bodies  .had  entirely  dispersed,  and  at  seven  o'clock  a.m.  the  capture  of  Shanghae  was  un  fait  accompli.  The  residences  of  all  the  mandarians  and  the  old  Custom  House  were  sacked."
