text
"drew  a  pistol  from  his  breastiiii  I'm  shot,  I'm  si  The  can  -  -  would  he  heave  the  anchor  up,  he  r  presented  a  pistol  at  him.  — STYLE=superscript  The  der  Pattisson,  the  surveyor  of  the  British  Hos  described  such  a  wound  upon  Wake,  as  ma  doubtful;  the  ball  had  traversed  the  muse.—  and  lodged  in  the  man's  breast  ;  it  was  then  uncertain  whether  he  would  lose  his  arm,  but  it  was  limb  was  injured  for  life.  M  were  clearly  enough  proved,  Mansfield  said  that  ti  d  send  the  case  for  trial  to  the  assizes.  Mr.  Simon  applied  to  his  client  admitted  to  bail,  but  Mr.  Mansfield  refused  to  comply  with  this,  as  it  was  not  in  his  power  to  do  so  when  the  evidence  was  of  such  a  kind  as  admitted  of  ni  reasonable  doubt.  The  counsel  then  said  that  he  would  r(  serve  the  defence  of  captain  Natrass  for  another  place  and  that  he  should  then  advar  stances  strong  justifying  STEALING  A  PURSE.  —Officer  592,  charged  Elizabeth  Am Ambrose  brose Ambrose  with  stealing  a  purse  from  a  man  in  Dal-  --'  witness  believes  to  have  been  an  emigrant  woman  take  the  purse,  and  arrested  her.  I.  attention  being  drawn  to  his  loss,  said  the  purse  five  shillings  and  a  medal,  but  the  five  shilhngs  were  not  in  the  purse  though  the  medal  was.  Prisoner  had  been  twice  before  convicted.  She  wad  now  sentenced  to  two  months'  imprisonment.  street,  whom  he  man,  on  his  tained  SHOP-LIFTING—Mr.  Rogers,  draper,  of  St.  Ja  charged  Mary  Fury  and  Sarah  Thomas  wi.  four  yards  of  dress  pieces  from  his  shop  door.  the  goods  on  the  person  of  Fury  when  both  prisoners  wt  in  company.  Sentenced  two  month  imprisonment  each.  OLD  IN  CRIME  THOUGU  YOUNG  IN  TnAns.—Cornelius  Molloy,  Thos.  Hart,  and  John  Price,  three  little  boys,  were  charged  by  an  officer  with  attempting  to  pick  the  pockets  of  several  ladies  in  Dale-street,  at  noon  on  Saturday.  Moller  had  been  previously  committed  nine  times.  1T  and  Price  six  times.  They  were  severally  ,  imprisoned  for  three  m  on  th  s  ,  an  d  k  ept  to  h  a  .An.  UNGRATEFUL  THlEF.—Sarah  Booth,  an  old  feeble feeblelooking  looking feeblelooking  woman,  was  charged  by  a  female  named  Evans,  with  robbing  her  house  of  several  small  articles  on  Friday  night.  She  had  given  her  lodging  on  that  night,  and  madf  her  up  a  temporary  bed  on  a  sofa.  opened  her  drawers  and  took  some  boob  small  quantity  of  flour,  which  Iv,—  oi  stealing  forty-  He  found  irt  thre(  to  b  ltenced  Whilst  the  id  n  But  the  mos  jured  and  destroyed  several  articles  oi  books,  which  she  did  not  carry  off  With  h  gratuitous  act  of  ingratitude  IN  witted  for  21  days,  pISPUTE  BETWEEN  A  CAPTAIN  AND  HIS  MEN  Nelson,  James  Parsons,  George  Reid,  Augustus  Archibald  Leitch,  Donald  Mac  Farlane,  John  Smith,  00  Carlosis,  Ephraim  Kersey,  Charles  Benson,  Peter  Rose,  Patrick  Cummins  and  Peter  Poi  son  ,  respectable  looking  seamen,  were  put  forward,  charged  und  er  the  Mercantile  Marine  Act  with  r  Thomas  Morton,  master,  th  having  had  two  months'  wages  in  ads  attributed  by  the  men  to  the  alleged  fact  that  th  not  seaworthy,  either  as  to  hull  or  rig  The  dispute  was  thin  was  nd  that  she  1  had  made  too  much  water.  The  master  saillthit  the  ve,  been  surveyed  in  the  graving  docks  lately,  by  an  ageh,  Lloyd's,  that  she  had  got  an  extension  of  time,  and  was  re  classed  A.  1.  She  was  a  Canada-built,  white  oak  ship,  (  856  tons  burthen,  Robert  Mackay,  proved  to  examining  her,  and  said  she  made  about,  of  water  by  the  hour.  The  men  again  asserted  her  private  inspector  condition,  and  said  t  hatches  or  hold,  tho  was  no  lation  in  the  main  said  sh  riter  desired  The  men  complained  of  case  was  adjourned  to  1  o'clock  t  let  at  large  on  their  own  recog  object  of  the  adjournment  was  to  brin  for  Lloyd's.  ill  treatment.  Finally.  th  the  sea  mauces  to  appear.  TEC  )rward  the  Surveyor  Bridget  Kelly  and  Catharine  Kelly  were  each  for  three  months  on  a  charge  of  stealing  cotton.  SUSPECTED  ROBBERY.—Sarah  Menliff  was  brought  up  on  , STYLE=superscript  nt  to  gaol  suspicion  of  stealing  a  brush  and  two  dressingfcase;.  r STYLE=superscript  It  appeared  the  prisoner  sent  a  little  girl  into  a  pawnshop  to  pledge  the  things,  and  the  pawnbroker  suspecting  them  to  have  been  stolen,  gave  the  prisoner  in  charge  to  a  polio(  officer.  Remanded  till  Monday.  PICKING  POCKETS.—Mary  Ann  D  las  was  charged  with  picking  a  gentleman's  pocket  in  P.  money  was  found  in  her  right  hand,  after  she  Is  charge.  She  was  sent  to  gaol  for  one  month.  ROBBERY  wrrn  VIOLENCE.—Richard  Gun  was  charged  with  stealing  a  pot  of  pickles.  The  prosecutor:  in  this  case,  keeps  a  beer-house,  and  the  prisoner,  accompanied  by  two  more,  went  into  his  house,  and  had  two  glasses  of  ale  each  ;  the  prosecutor's  wife  noticed  a  pot  of  pickles  (which  she  af afterwards  terwards afterwards  identified  as  her  property)  in  the  prisoner's  pocket  ;  and  upon  her  charging  him  with  stealing  it,  he  jump  e  d  u  p  and  knocked  her  down.  He  was  ordered  to  pay  55.,  or  be  imprisoned  for  three  days.  given  in  ASSAULT.—WiIIiam  Pletcher,  a  painter,  1  having  committed  an  assault  on  Thomas  Go:  an.  The  pro-  secutor  stated  that  on  the  previous  event  waste  ground  opposite  St.  George's  Hall,  listening  to  th_  quack  doctors  who  visit  that  locality,  when  the  prisoner  came  up  to  him  and  struck  him;  a  squabble  ensued,  in  which  prc prcsecutor  secutor prcsecutor  had  a  part  of  his  ear  bit  off  by  the  prisoner.  The  police-officer  produced  the  bit  of  the  prosecutor's  car.  The  prisoner  was  sent  for  trial.  Thomas  Fraser,  for  furious  driving  in  Great  Howard Howardstreet,  street, Howardstreet,  was  fined  255.  and  costs.  he  was  on  -. STYLE=superscript  th"
