text
"•  .  ,  .  .  .  •  .  .  •  .  ,  .  ,- STYLE=superscript  ...T  - STYLE=superscript  i  a  re  •  _  ..aasselook  r STYLE=superscript  ie;  .  .  .  .  ,  ,  .  .  •  -  --aesingum  eamen  a  ma  saiab  s  '  --  '  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  .  .  .  •  ..  _  _  _.  ~  ..  _  ......._  ........--..::-.........-_,:-...•  .  •  .  .  ,  _...  .  ,  ,  .  .  .._  _  .  .  ~,  „.....  .  ___  -  PROFESSIOIYAL  .  AMENITIES  IN  - STYLE=superscript  IRELAND.-  THE  LAST  CHRISTMAS  CATTLE  MARKET  IN  LIVERPOOL  INTERMEDIATE  SESSIONS.  been  found,  the  magistrates  reetan  grorrespOntirntr.  unrulY•  IA  POLICE  COURT.-YESTERDAY:  3  .  LAIV  AND  LAWYERS.  SMITHFIELD.  .  .  .  .......----  n.-Thanzas  I.eteg,  ,  ro  d  THE  EASTERN  QUESTION.  .  --  •  Yesterday  was  the  great  day  of  the  year  at  Smithfield,  An  intermediate  sessio-zs  was  commenced  yesterday  before  Mi.  John  Mullins,  grocer,  was  charged  by  officer  722  with  THE  THIEF  AND  ang  Raearva  expressed  a  regret  that  the  son  should  tle STYLE=superscript  h  d STYLE=superscript  e  h  d  the  1° STYLE=superscript  I‘  arae  ,  .  at  The  following  very  illustrative  scene  w  as  enac  t  e  d  recen  tly  an  de  as  was  anticipated,  the  supply  .  of.  cattl  e  f  or  Ch  r  i  s  t  mas  Gnae  mer  •  Hagaa  gsoe  r,  Esq.,.  recorder  ,of  the  bereegh,  in  being  drunk  and  disorderly  at  1  o'clock  on  Monday  night,  and  a  man  named  John  Haggerty  were  .  9  a  nee  o  f  b  ~  -  in  Cork-illustrative  we  mean;  of  a  of  the  genus  consumption  was  extremely  large,  in  comparison  with  pre-  the  Nisi  Prius  Court,  .  Chapel  -street.  The  calendar  con-  at  Montpelier  terrace,  Parliament-street.  -  with  stealing,  and  the  latter  With  receiving,  a  Pe'  atee  anover  a  .  _  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  ttorney,  wlc  ,  owever,  does  not  abound  i  n  I  r  el  an  d  :  -  vious  years.  The  Devons  were  •  decidedly  superior  to  those  tained  the  names  of  56  prisoners,  of  which  none  had  re-  Mr.  Roby  appeared  fo  r  the  defendant,  A  lee  h  h  '  tin,  the  property  of  Mr.  Penn  Smith,  H  .  ,he  e  ,  .  traction  0,  Stit,--I  am  glad  to  see  you  taking  upthe  cause  of  Azz,gustine  Greene,  Solicitor,  v.  Alexander  fames.  brought  forward  in  1852.  When  it  is  stated  that  there  ceived  a  supeeior  education  ;  four  can  read  and  write  well,  Th  e  police-  o  ffi  cer  ,  on  b  e  i  ng  sworn  ,  s  t  a  t  e  d  that  he  had  Detectivee  - STYLE=superscript  officer  Sullivan,  stated  from  ins  daY  '&#34;  el  h  he  yester  .e  Turkey  versus  Russia  in  an  energetic  style.  I  like  a  air.  W.  V.  Gregg  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  were  collected,  almost  in  one  spot,  '1,300  or  1,400  beasts  of  twenty-seven  can  read  .  and  write  imperfectly,  -  eleven  can  found  th  e  defend  an  t  a  t  th  e  a  b  ove  pl  ace  an  d  h  o  u  r  ,  drunk  and  ceived  from  Mr.  SuPeeintendeni  e  t  Cong  a  ,  ith  here  he  con  c STYLE=superscript  rei  ii  enthusiasm,  and  would  not  give  a  fig  for  an  iudivi-  Scannell,  with  Mr.  A,  H,.  Allen,  as  agent,  for  the  de-  this  breed,  chiefly  feom  the  westward,  all  nearly  of  the  read  but  do  not  .  write,  and  thirteen  can  neither  read  nor  quarrelli  n  cr  w  ith  ano  th  er  man  ,  wh  o  was  sob  er  ,  The  defen-  ing  went  to  the  Premisee  of  -  51 STYLE=superscript  r•  m  w  .  mien  left  le,.  dual  or  national  character  which  did  not  posSess  fendaut.  same  weight  and  colour,  each.  animal  worth,  on  the  average,  write.  The  following  gentlemen  were  sworn  on  the  grand  d  an  t  was  b STYLE=superscript  telling  hi  m  th  a  t  ah  e  was  a  g  r  oce  r  ,o  and  was  himself,  and  in  the  evening  the  Younger  prier  followed  7,,  -  •  .  piece  of  metal  in  his  possession.  The  offic  it  ;  and  hold  it  to  be  one  of  the  mistakes  of  this  age  Mr.  Gregg  said  he  could  not  better  state  the  case  for  the  fully  30/.,  it  will  at  onee  be  -perceived  that  the  show  was,  jury  :  -John  Bibby,  merchant,  Tower-gardens,  Foreman;  otherwise  making  a  *se.  a  took  '  of  corn,  currency,  and  cotton,  that  it  condem  b  na  plaintiff  than  by  readina  the  civil  bill  which  had  been  indeed  well  'worthy  of  a  close  'inspection.  •  The  Herefords  Samuel  Jamee  Arnold,  broker  - STYLE=superscript  Sweeting-street  ;  Thomas  -  c  ross  _  exam  i  ne  d  b  y  m  r  .  R  o  by  •my  i  ns  p  ec  t  or  ,  an  d  office  r  and  the  prisoner  ran  into  Mr.  Smith's  shop,  ,  a STYLE=superscript  l  l STYLE=superscript  t  na  0  1 STYLE=superscript  h  ''th  I  a-  stablish  d  h  ter  of  the  breed  '  Addison  sharebroker  Dale  t-,  t  •  Alfred  Bo  e  a  r,  broker,  133  6  what  it  does  not  comprened,  an  d  measures  great  served  on  the  defendant.  He  then  read  the  civil  bill,  whic  kept  up  .  e  on,  e  f  e  c  arac  .  sur  d  -  E  h  ,  buil  a  ,  -s  ree  s  t  a  he  prieener  , STYLE=superscript  .  was  in  effeet  to  recover  a  sum  of  20/.  from  the  defendant,  pnsingly.  -  Not  a  few  o  the  Herefords  shown  were  estmate  .  xc  ange-  B  '1  b  k  w STYLE=superscript  r  h  b  dings  ;  Geo.  arns  ey,  ro  er,  it  e  arn-  away.  He  was  contradicting  the  other  man  in  several  ee  er  prisoner,  wo  a  r  p  principles  by  its  own  narrow-guage  standard.  him  He  had  let  een  ame  up  at  the  time  I  .  * STYLE=superscript  •e•as  or  . STYLE=superscript  dering  the  defendant  to  go  t  m  h  eta  l  l  d  from  .  him.  H  h  e  sa  h  id  d  he  e  ha  e  d  at  b  e  e  d  e  ly  n  tinaldduhceiona  genasl,  for  his  having  on  the  28th  of  October  at  the  court-house,  to  weigh  from  200  to  230  stones-a  weight  that  would  have  street  ;  Thomas  Briscall,  oil  merchant,  Seel-street  ;  Vincent  thi  ngs  an  d  t  e  lli  ng  hi  m  th  a  t  e  was  a  g  r  ocen  a  I  swear  metal  and  that  he  would  buy  it  from  •  The  oial  But  the  enthusiasm  I  admire  is  eminently  prac-  in  the  city  . STYLE=superscript  0  i  Co  r  k,  un  kd  t  i  *th  tny  cause,  done  credit  to  the  .  show-yard.  Of  short  horns,  Lincoln-  Challoner,  merchant,  '  Queen'sedock  ;  Thomas  Darcy,  .mer-  that  die  defendant  was  not  sober,  I  have  been  two  months  gertY  Reeve  e  an  wi  ou  a  1.0  3 STYLE=superscript  '  tical  in  its  objects  a  - STYLE=superscript  nd  means  of  action,  and  when  shouted  at  the  pl  a  i  n  tiff  severa  l  ti  mes  ,  a  n  d  in  a  loud  voice  ,shire,  Leicestershire,  Northamptonshire,  Norfolk,  and  other  chant,  Covent-garden  ;  Edgar  Gersten,  merchant,  Rumford-  on.  that  beat.  .  in  consequence  of  the  representation,  went  to  a  r  e  a  very  0  powerfully  evoked,  and  ably  directed,  becomes  There  goes  Greene,  the  r  u  ffi  a  n  who  robbed  Blewitt  and  quarters,  showed  specimens  of  the  breed  which  excited  the  place  ;  Abram  •  Gartside,  sharebreker,  North  John-street  ;  .  Mr.  Roby  .:  How  long  have  you  been  in  the  force  ?  broker,  North  John-street  ;  Robert  Gill,  the  Witness  :I•  don't  think  it  necessary  apprehended  him,  and  in  - STYLE=superscript  his  house  he  found  ~  ea  have  five  and  sixpence  at  different  times.  sublime  in  its  operation  ;  commanding  respect  even  for  having,  in  the  evening  of  the  same  day,  about  six  admiration  and  wonderof  the  visitors,  however  practical  Wm..  Gardner,  bberie  s STYLE=superscript  e  where  its  policy  is  opposed.  .  '  .  o'clook,  at  the  terminus  of  the  Passage  railway,  in  Cork,  might  have  been  their  judgment  and  experience.  In  ad-  younger,  broker,  Chapel  -street  ;  Thomas  Duckworth  Head-  queseion.  to  answer  that  was  reason  to  believe  was  part  of  some  of  the  ro  a  ad  '  quantity  ofwearieg  apparel,  shawls,  dresses,  &amp;c.,  evlnce  a  e  l  icli  The  cause  of  Turkey  is  one  eminently  deserving  attached  th  e  pl  a  i  n  tiff,  an  d  ca  lled•  hien  e  ruffian,'  and  the  dition  to  the  breeds  above-mentioned,  there  was  an  average  lam,  :  broker,  Exchangeebuildings  ;  James  Lewin,  wine-  Magistrate  :Itis  a  proper  one,  and  I  don't  think  the  the  deepest  attention  of  eyery  intelligent  and  robber  who  robbed  Mr.  else  leat  pla  (  lntiff  was  supply  ,  of  Pembrokeshire  ,  ninte,  Sussex  l  o  i  xen  h  ,  and  h  merchant  - STYLE=superscript  Castle-street  •  Jno  '.Marriott  broker,  Exchange-  ffic  evil  c  mi  le  . STYLE=superscript  o  er  i  om  t  imself  by  answering  it.  (Laughter).  had  _lately  taken  place.  .  l  chi  ek  tie/  aii,  Mr.  Smith,  identified  the  piece  of  meta  o  ,  said  the  prisoner  had  been  in.  his  emplovmtnt  and  s'  4 STYLE=superscript  singleminded  man,  who  desires  to  sec  riecht  and  no  attorney  or  gentleman,  and  thet  _  e  t  (th  _  defea  ane)  was  beasts,  whieh  attracted  great  attention.  T  .  e  s  h  ow  of  ;COM  . STYLE=superscript  buildinas';  John  Edwahl  Nay'  ler  mer  ' STYLE=superscript  cliani  . STYLE=superscript  South  Castle-  Cross-examination  continued  :  I  have  been  •ten  weeks  in  h  d  St  d  1  t  for  irregular  conduct.  la  pel  c  arge  on  aur  ay  as  •  tice  prevail  against  the  arch-enemy  of  freedom  ells  a  beeter  attorney-that  the  plaintiff  bu  a  shore  time  before  was,  collectively,  the  finest  ever  witnessed  in  tis  mark  .  e..  etreet  ;  D STYLE=superscript  A  ‘  lex  .  ander  Sleigh,  broker;  Rumford-  ' STYLE=superscript  street  ;  Robert  came  into  Queenstown  with  a  wallet  on  his  back,  and  The  arrangements  on  the  part  •of  the  City  authorities  for  Wynne,  shipbroker,  Tower-buildinge  ;  James  Jack,  mer-  the  force.  I  heard  of  no  dispute  between  the  police  and  the  and  civilisation.  defendant.  '  I  don't  know  him  at  all.  I  did  not  attempt  to  The  witness  believed  that  .  mere  h  d  been  t  very  little  in  and  that  the  defendant  then  and  there  as-  the  reception  of  the  stock  were  as  complete  as  space  would  chant,  Rumford-place  ;  Stephen  Wiaght  Kelso,  shipbroleer,  take  him  before  the  ins  ector  came  u  .  It  was  inepector  Mr.  Clough  asked  if  he  had  mis_se  a  d  ..  any  of  ak  th  e  e  n  ti  a  L,  f  l  ee  V'  I  am  of  opinion  that  it  has  already  made  a  larger  saultbd  the  plaintiff,  by  striking  him  a  violent  blow  of  his  admit  ;  but  this  is  - STYLE=superscript  the  last  time  --  after  twenty-five  annual  Tower-buildings  ;  .Geo.  Blundell  Thompson,  corn  merchant,  the  heap,  as  he  thought  it  diminished.  n  the  j  impreasion  on  the  English  public  than..  any  ques-  clenehed  fist  on  the  left  side  of  the  face  and  head.  He  visits-that  we  shall  have  to  report  the  holding  of  the  .  great  Rumford-place.  After  the  usual  formalities  had  been  gone  Chew  .  •that  .  called  upon  ') STYLE=superscript  me  to  take  P STYLE=superscript  him  into  castod  tion  of  foreign  politics  since  the  time  of  Napoleon  ;  further  Went  on  to  complain  that  the  defendant,'  on  the  7th  market  in  Smithfield.  Of  course,  the-  influx  of  visitors  through,  •.  '  Nothing  of  any  consequence  passed  on  the  way  down  to  th  y STYLE=superscript  e  . STYLE=superscript  prisoners  together  at  the  house  of  the  elder  one,  but  ii  e  eed  •  •  bridewell.  We  stopped  -  opposite  the  church,  and  when  we  -  A  witness  named  McCoy,  stated  he  had  see  .e  e  es.  and  that  the  popular  mind  is  now  better  instructed,  of  November,  'in  the  public  streets,  at  Queenstown,  when  from  different  parts  of  England,  as  well  as'  from  the  Con-  The  RECORDER  proceeded  to  charge  the  grand  jury  as  g  o  t  the  re  the  defendant  said  then  remark,  it  is  ten  hat  it  Os/  against  something  heavy,  but  coul  no  s  .  ay  w  .0  and  abler  to  give  a  reas  on  for  the  faith  that  is  in  it,  the  Plaintiff'  was  walking  with  four  ladies  of  respectability,  tinent,  was  'large.  '  During  the  day  the  number  increased  to  follows  :  --Gentlemen  of  - STYLE=superscript  the  grand  jury,  if  the  calendar  minut  es  or  a  quart  er  to  on  e  'o'clock.&#34;  He  then  took  out  his  never  seen  him  take  anything  t  d  here  t  .  He  once  h  i STYLE=superscript  '  D  e  (thanks  to  our  free  press),  than  it  ever  was  before,  shoueed  after  him,  contrary  to  the  statute,  whereof  the  pre-  a  most  inconvenient  extent.  .  which  comesbefore  you  fairly  represents  the  present  state  . STYLE=superscript  of  kt  b  k  d  d  tt  t  t  et  •  '''t  b  t  uld  poc  e  oo  an  ma  ean  a  emp  o  wri  ein  1  ,  u  co  transio  The  elder  prisoner  denied  having  had  any  ,  e  d  is  undeniable.  •'-•..  '  =  :.•  sent  action  was  beought.  Mr.  Gregg  was  sure  it  was  unne-  _  '  crime  in  *this  town,  I  shouM-  address  you  rather.  in  the  not  do  so.  He  did  - STYLE=superscript  not  lk  1•  •  wa  a  ong  quietly  by  'himself  until  could  he  say  whether  the  boy  had  taken  it.  -  I  believe,  if  English  feeling  be  -once  fairly  concen-  cessary  to  add  a  single  word  to  that  statement.  .  .  •  languaae•  of  con  ratulation  than  of  com  aint  Wh  n.  I  ACCIDENT,  YESTERDAY  . STYLE=superscript  .-Hugh  Miller,  a  peison  em-  a  g  .  .  -Al  •  c  we  had  got  some  distance  down  the  road.  wearing  apparel  in  Rag-fair.  nit  0 STYLE=superscript  with  the  other  prisoner,  and  stated  he  had  purchth  trated  sued  directed  into  a  - STYLE=superscript  practicable  channel,  on  The  pla.intiff,  having  deposed  to  the  facts  set  forth  in  the  ployed  in  the  steara  saw  mills  belo  .  nging  to  Messrs.  Jordan,  collect  the  state  of  things  six  or  seven  years  ago,  or  I  •  ;hi  sae%  ten  or  tivelve  - STYLE=superscript  years  ago,  the  number  - STYLE=superscript  of  sixty  The  keeper  of  the  bridewell  at  which  the  defendant  The  younger  prisoner  :  You  know  ydu  have  bac  this  rluestiOn,  it  will  b  e  f  oun  d  e  e  ,  p  ro  duce  results  civilbille  was  cross-examined  by  Mr.  ,  Scannell,  very  much  Great  Howard-street,  met  with  an  accident,'  by  his  hand  was  received  was  then  sworn  and  examined.  He  stated  ,  risoners  sent  for  trial  in  the  conrse  of  seven  or  eight  Weeks  highly  important  in  their  consequences'.  But  how  to  the  amusement  9f  those  who  were  present.  getting  am•ongst  the  saws,  by  which  one  of  his  fingers  eas  P  ,  that  •  -  •  •  the  defendant  had  been  brought  to  the  bridewell  •  pieces  If  the  metal  from  me  ?  Hagerty  :  I  never  did.  It  is  ahe  of  yours.  .  de  a  ,  .  the  is  not  very  alarniing.  For  this  state  of  things,  we  are  pro probabl  babl probabl  -  under  Providence,  indebted  to  the  activity  of  at  .  one  o'cleck,  and  that  the  officer  havin  n  . STYLE=superscript  '  •  les  .  g  Sullivan  produced•a  coat  from  the  pile  of  artac  _,  an  is  this  to  be.  done  ?  In  a  manner  at  once  '  simple  Several  witnesses  were  examined,  as  to  the  altercation  severely  lacerated.  He  is  at  present  an  inmate  of  .  Y,  10  terr  d  the  charge  of  drunkeness  against  him,  gave  him  at  the  terminus  of  the  Passage  railway,  and  from  whose  evi-  Northern  Hospital.  and  efficacious.  -  .  commerce  and  the  extension  of  emiaration  which  has  -  Le STYLE=superscript  e STYLE=superscript  •  's  denth  it  appeared  that  an  angry  altercation  had  occurred  During  the  last  week,  there  were  no  less  thin  twelve  in-  .  ..  ,  ,  .  .  b  the  privilege  to  go  home  ;  _but  he  would  not  take  it.  He  hir  r  ilwa  buttons  Turkey  has  bravely  bearded  the  lion.  She  i  given  empioyment  to  our  merchants,  our  ships,  oar  cas  e  a  y  .  from  the  elder  prisoner's  house,  on  which  were  the  bet  '  •  -  •  '  t  th  bd  . STYLE=superscript  f  hld  ffi  t  . STYLE=superscript  d.  b  b•  a  h  t  ween  the  parties  on  the  day  in  queston,  when  the  plaintiff  .  ques  s  upon  e  o  les  oc  i  ren,  su  ca  e  y  ein  e  ,  w  a  said  he  would  meet  the  officer  another  tim  ,e  and  wanted  to  Mr.  Cloug  .  h  epplied  for  a  ,  1  e  oa  r  now  fighting  the  battle  of  Eur  Ope,  single-handed,  a'h  d  f  d  b  h  h  . STYLE=superscript  h  .  a-hi'  •  't  •d  I'&#34;b  th  •  th  In  all  the  cases  ve  tee  en  ant  a  low  or  s  eve,  wlc  staggere  m,  is  erme  over  am  y  en.  mo  ers.  artieans,  our  labourers,-to  all  classsee  in  fact  in  intimidate  witness  from  doing  his  duty  He  was  drunk  ,  •  at  quince  to  be  instituted,  as  he  had  understood  tia  ,  remaud  to  enable  furt  l STYLE=superscript  '  e STYLE=superscript  f  r STYLE=superscript  e  i STYLE=superscript  against  the  Colossus  of  the'  North.  Let  us  not  de-  g  and  :that  then  the  defendant  administered  a  blow  to  the  the  children  were  illigitimate,  and  it  is  scareely  credible  the  this  town,  and  by  so  doing  have  removed  that  destetu-  the  time.  ccive  pureelves  ;  it  is  a  de  .  sperate  and  a  daring  en enplaiatiff,  plaiatiff, enplaiatiff,  for  which  the  present  action  was  brought.  •  •  uumber  of  children  :who  die  annually  from  the  seine  cause.  tion'  which  was  one  of  the  -  most  deporable•  and  certainl  -  .  .  '  Y  Gross-examined  by  Mr.  Roby  :He  was  unsteady  from  bales  of  wearing  apparel  had  been  recently  sent  t°  land.  -  terpriee,  .and  she  will,  ere  she  be  successful',  need  -  .  The  defendant  was  next  examined,  and  he  deposed  that  he  AmitsSioN  oE  ATTORNEY'S  A.EPEAL.-A  petition  of  appeal  one  .  of  the  most  venai  causes  _e  h  crime.  eh  debe  of  drink.  He  did  not  or  would  not  stand  steady.  on.  his  feet.  The  prisoners  were.  remanded  for  a  week.  a.  elt  •  all  our  sympathy,-ay  e  _sympathy,  practicable  and  g  n  rat  i  i  i  t  i  u  nn  d  n  e  r  i  a  s  h  Lls  e  o  h  cl  e  u  f  e  t  w  o  a  t  t  ll  free  wh  t  ie  ,  und  t  er  an  t.  inheelligent  but  leaned  against  the  bar.  He  leaned  there  from  necessity-,  or  A  BRUTE.-A  strong  powerful  man,  who  gave  len  ete  was  Standing  at  the  Cork  terminus  of  the  Passage  railway,  on  was'presented  by  one  of  the  twenty-throe  candidates  who  tangible,  proved  in  a  way  that  all  shall  indubitably  the  28th  October,  when  the  plaintiff  came  into-  the  station  were  rejected  in  Trinity  eerm  last.  The  application  was  a  a  e  t  t  o  h  ver  he  safe  y  t  o  t  dis.townd.  he  would  fall.  •  The  prosecution  having  closed,  Mr.  Roby,  Th  omas  know  the  English  people  are  with  ner,  haart  atiel  ...7;i1  .  -,  lua-li  linna.  indifted.  and  declaring  that  Blewitt  had  first  heard  on  the  and  instant,  and  having  considered  the  We-ought  not  to  for  ' STYLE=superscript  get  t  c STYLE=superscript  h  the  lives  of  those  men  are  •  a  n  t  e  n  p  t  e  l  rsonal  safe  y,  d  an  melee  submitted  that  it  was  a  most  disgraceful  transaction  on  the  soul..  Because-Turkey,  wanting  means  to  eon-  perjered  himself  in  the  court  that  clay.  Detendant  then  in-:  t  .  qaeAtions  and  answers  (copies  of  which  had  been_laid  before  c  i STYLE=superscript  i STYLE=superscript  ri  s STYLE=superscript  a STYLE=superscript  of  Zliel  p STYLE=superscript  ° STYLE=superscript  du  e STYLE=superscript  t  d STYLE=superscript  '  an  Gseonmtletimes  part  of  the  .  police,  for  what  the  ;keeper  said  about  the  de-  on  the  previous  day  was  drunk,  in  Whitechapel,  ehlh'ene  sacrificed  in  the  performan  o STYLE=superscript  child  undeTt  l STYLE=superscript  e  i STYLE=superscript  n  ia STYLE=superscript  y  n STYLE=superscript  e  ls STYLE=superscript  a  ' STYLE=superscript  rs  w STYLE=superscript  o  as STYLE=superscript  fa:e  la STYLE=superscript  .  arg STYLE=superscript  l  e STYLE=superscript  t  d STYLE=superscript  a  w STYLE=superscript  pp  it STYLE=superscript  e  h STYLE=superscript  ar  as STYLE=superscript  ed  sa STYLE=superscript  t  ul STYLE=superscript  ha  ti STYLE=superscript  t  ng STYLE=superscript  the  3 STYLE=superscript  .  l STYLE=superscript  l  ° STYLE=superscript  o  4 STYLE=superscript  l  tinue  the  deadly  struggle-England  subscribed!  •  inteposed,  and  said  it  was  hard  to  hear  Mr.  Blewitt  spoken  them),  their  lordships  dismissed  the  appeal.'  ,  .  .  with  a  view  to  the  - STYLE=superscript  good  order  of  this  3 STYLE=superscript  c  r STYLE=superscript  o  . STYLE=superscript  urt  thereemeenj  fondant  being  compelled  to  sustain  himself  against  the  bar  lad  stopped  to  look  at  him,  when  he  dashed  at  him,  ke  ef  o  of  in  that  way,  whereupon  Mr.  Greene,  turned  on  him  and  It  is  upwards  of  seventeen  years  since  the  examination  of  Would  be  found  perfectly  immaterial.  He  would  call  the  Yes,  thirty  millions  of  Britons,  knowing  the  called  him  a  perjured  freemason.  Defendant  could  not  stand  candidates  for  admission  on  the  roll  of  attorneys  and  solici-  proper  duties  to  perform,  -  and  it  is  a  .  great  -  satisfaction  Dart%  who  was  present  at  the  time,  and  he  would  prove  that  him  down  and  inflicted  a  severe  kick  on  the  child's  b  y STYLE=superscript  '  • STYLE=superscript  ,  value  of  freedom,  voluntarily  paid  the  P  ri STYLE=superscript  '''.  its STYLE=superscript  th  t  a  I  aud  he  replied  that  the  plaintiff  was  a  blackguard.  tors'  was  instituted.  Neaely  400  on  the  average,are  examine(  -  e  to  me  when  I  find  other  'courts  complaining  of  a  lack  of  s  -  :  attendance  iif  jurors  and  grand  jurors  I  . STYLE=superscript  have  not  onl  had  ehis  was  a  most  disgraceful  and  trumped-up  charge,  and  he  lay  in  Le  street.  are&#34;'  insurance.  .  _....._  .  ________  .  .  -___  An  altercation  then  ensued-in.  the  course  of  which  plaintiff  Yearly,  making  in  all  about  5,000  candidates  who  have  been  the  satisfaction  of:  seein  -  -  h  '  g  all  t  at  are  requisite.  in  point  of  .  .  .  Y  tuat  it  was  instituted  by  Inspector  Chew,  by  whose  orders  the'  defendant  was  taken  into  custody,  from  motives  which  menhnewMitha  cruelty,  and  sentenced  the  fellow  to  three  months'  inn'  Th  a  t  were  eenipi  — STYLE=superscript  e,  truly,  Cut  nevertlielesu  effiea-  called-  defendant  infernal  and  a  robbin  g  examined.  ,  This  was  the  third  eiopeal  on  ea.'  The  whole  '  numbers  attend,  - STYLE=superscript  -  but  even  an  - STYLE=superscript  overflow  on  -  the  present  1 STYLE=superscript  •  he  did  well  to  keep  out  of  the  way,  lest  they  should  be  too  g  h  is  a  t  r  r  d  at  l  e  ab  e  o  x  u  p  r  r  .  essed  his  disgust  at  such  a  plrisaco4t,  alas.,  .13ut  it  were  also  grand,  sublime:  historical.  accompanyi  ng  the  epithets  with  a  blow  on  the  nuniber  of  attorneys  in  Englaed  and  Wales  is  about  10,000.  occasion.  •  lam  quite  sure  all  that  can  be  pone  by  a  careful  9losely  sifted.  .As  to  the  charge  of  drunkeness  it  would  be  ing  a  labouring  man.  The  complainant  was  in  3 STYLE=superscript  n  r STYLE=superscript  ee'l,'  THE  KNIFE.-  William  Newly  was  charged  with  s STYLE=superscript  e  j STYLE=superscript  ee  le'  OSMANLI:  rig  .  breast,  which  staggered  him  ;he  ,  (defendant)  then  A  letter  from  Paris  in  the  Independence  of.  Brussels  says  :  investigation  of  the  cases  which  come  before  you  will  be  u  i  Vany  )y  r:elt  e  e  n  d  p  b  r  y  oc  t  e  h  e  ez  i  e:  :It  i  ti  vte  le  fv  ei  l  a  z  :ais:  t:  in  us;_,:l  is  .  .I  ,  :  te  prizi:r  e  l:t  ra  li  e  is  ,  glass  :  i  f  i.  rum,  alljach  Liverpool,  December,  13,  .I.Bh'  3.  ,  .  .  stru  k  'Greene  under  the  right  jaw.  sensation  was  caused  at;  the  Palais  de  Justice  done,.  and  I  shall  endeavour  so  to  deal  with  them  as  to  giye  -  .  •  '&#34;''.3  r.  Gregg  cross-examined  the  witness,  but  nothing  ma  to-day  by  the  arrest  of  g.  Hubbart,  an  aVecat,  who  yleaded  security  to  persons  and  property,  and  confine  crime  wiehin  there  could  not  be  a  doubt,.  was  .  a  marked  maa  with  the  see  i  s  mas,  an  d STYLE=superscript  ev  . STYLE=superscript  as  h STYLE=superscript  a  o  l STYLE=superscript  u  •  o  d STYLE=superscript  s  ri  e  Y STYLE=superscript  na,  will STYLE=superscript  31°' STYLE=superscript  .-°lle STYLE=superscript  in  rather  a  warm  manner  in  the  affair  of  the  conspiraCy  6f  the  narrowest  possible  limits.  Gentlemen,  there  is  httle  blice,  was  on'  Monday  night  in  company  with  a  Mr.  wasTk  • STYLE=superscript  er  t STYLE=superscript  i.  out  of  hil  l STYLE=superscript  hand  l  i STYLE=superscript  a  3 STYLE=superscript  v  the  lai  t STYLE=superscript  a.c  • STYLE=superscript  lLP  wile° STYLE=superscript  $  lee  '  To  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  tenet  transpired.  th  0  C  •  Th  '-  t  •  *  n•  ted  with  th  SIR-Having  been  a  party  to  a  bet  the  other  Seine  otherwitnesses  having  been  examined,  whose  testi-  e  pera  onnque.  .  e  warran  is  con  ec  ,  e  ra  e  es  a  emen  o  e  een  ant  the  case  P  mmiy  corrobo  td  th  t  t  tfth  d  f  d  -..  noveltyne  fact  which  will  be  new  ia  the  cases  to  come  ,  Tli  e STYLE=superscript  te  a  rothedings  in  the  affair  of  via  before  you.  The  most  serious,  in  peint  of  amount,  is  a  case  keehitehead.  They  had  each  three  glasses  of  whiske  so  that  it  was  a  natural  conclusion  that  if  he  was  drunky'the  The  prisoner  pleaded  intoxication  as  an  excuse.  ,  night  on  a  point  of  grammar,  I  should  feel  obliged  closed.  ,  .  .  ANOTHER  A-NTIQUARIAN  DiscovKay  .Nreen  NAPLES.-  ~  e  by  your  settling  the  matter  for  me  in  your  impres-  Kis  Worship  in  giving  the  plaintiff  a  decree  for  one  learn.  from  Naples  - STYLE=superscript  that  another  anaient  town  has  been  dis-  in  which  43  bags'  bf  cotter!  have  bee  .  n  ,  stolen,  and  it  is.  chargedas  the-act,  ,.  oe  .  done  with  •the  . STYLE=superscript  assistance  oh  .  the  ware-  other  was  also  drunk,  and  therefore  it  was  tl  t  -  ea  any  con  gistrates  co  .  mmitled  him  for  14  days,  and  said  ha  .  chhe  '  a  the  complainant  he  would  have  been  sent  for  trial.  ar  sin&amp;  of  to-morrow.  •  _  The  point  at  issue  is  whether  pound,  observed  that  if  he  had  not  originated  the  alterca-  covered  several  feet  underground  between  Acerno  e  and  duct  on  the  epart  of  the  defendant  when  at  the  bridewell  R  -  ''  er  r•  77  jh,  on  111'  OBBERY  WITH  ,  lOLENCE.-..,...en  ons  9  C  ,  ble  pi  '  it  is  grammatical  to  say  6  and  4  is  10,  or  6  and  4  tion  he  had  done  a  good  deal  towards  perpetuating  it.  Scaffari,  It  is  stated  that  it  does  not  resemble  ,Hercu-  houseman,  -the  person  - STYLE=superscript  in  whom  confidence  had  been  placed  to  i  /  snout('  not  be  taken  int  o  accoun  t  ;  f  orw  h  o  wo  u  ld  n  o  t  be  excit-  meDorthy,  and  Walter  Mille,  three  most  disrepute  f  are  10.-Respectfully  yours,  ,  „  3p.  Greene  :  I  hope  your  worship  will  tell  them  that  I  lan  e  eum  or  Pompeii  in  any  res_pect.  ..  ,  protect  it.  This  is  one  of  those  cases  in  which  no  vigilance  on  ed  if  draa  a  ged  through  the  street  as  a  felon.  Mr,  Whitehead  racters,  were  charged  with  robbing  a  young  lna,!  l STYLE=superscript  Ye  J.  S.'.  -  inn  ;alueet  inoffensive  man,  and  that  the  1  I  y  must  et  me  a  one.  ,  -  EXTRACTS  OF  LETTERS  FROH  AUSTRALIA.-I  am  etill  at  _  the  part  of  the  police  can  prevent.  Quis  custodietipsos  custodes?  was  a  painter  d  -  1  ,  ,an  his  wi  e  kept  a  grocery  shop.  They  had  purse,  in  North-street.  The  complainant  stated  o  e STYLE=superscript  Liverpool,  Dec,  13.  .  (Leurehter.)  .  work  for  the  same  master  (a  builder)  g  .  Our  wa  es  have  All  the  law  can  do  is  when  such  a  case  of  misplaced'  confi-  formerly  dealt  with  the  defendant,whe  is  also  a  grocer  and  -  rs  we  re STYLE=superscript  'o  ,  into  a  public  house,  where  the  three  prisone  __  _  e  a  1  [We  had  no  idea  that  any  one  could  have  ventured  Il  b  i  ,  &#34;'s  Worship  •  I  will  tell  them.ne  such  thing,  for  r  think  '  .  -  'creased  lately.  Some  masters  are  giving  30s  per  . STYLE=superscript  day--  den:cc  hae  arisen,  to  - STYLE=superscript  punish  with  proper  severity,  if  the  h  ,  •  a  dth  -  h  •  h  les  hh  ;  ann  a  renewe  err  custom  on  tatmga  w  lc  tey  had  upon  Ins  leaving,  the  young  woman,  Johnson,  folloinoae  t  h  .  h  le  o  any  amount  upon  such  a  question,  sine.e  the  days  pee  rea  r  gh  te  w  o  f  this  on.  youeself  from  your  irrita-  o  ill STYLE=superscript  ari  •  •  •  255.  ,Ourtrade  is  rather  einsettledat  the  re-'  se  re  giving  offence  shall  be  bi•ought  licane  to  him  who  has  violated  that  for,  some  time  suspended,  they.  proceeded  to  take  a  glass  to-  and  he  felt  her  hand  in  his  pocket,  when  he  ca,ught4  o  when  our  great  grandmothers  rode  on  pilliOns.  1 STYLE=superscript  0  -1 STYLE=superscript  i  ity  of  temper.  (Laughter.)  fth  h  tk  f  - STYLE=superscript  30  bld  P STYLE=superscript  '  nt  time,  many  o  .  e  peep  ayes  rue  or  s.,  ut  on  t  confidence.  The  next  case  in  point  of  amount  which  is  a  .  geth  ,  and  to  talk  over  their  affairs.  Having  partaken  as  a  serioue  one,  in  which  a  sailor  had.  £47  value  in.  Money,  on  her  and  shouted  The  man.  came  up  and  °  00  Mr.  Greene  e  But  our  worshi  I  assure  ou.  I  did  not-  think  wages  will  average  more..  an  s.  e  '  -  th  25  .  Th  same  party  b  tated  of  thee  1  ' STYLE=superscript  th  •  d  11° STYLE=superscript  The  decision  of•such  a  knotty  .point  we  should  be  .  ,  y  P,  .  Y  hia  person.  He  went  into  a  brothel,  took  seine  drink,  and  was  'a  tiT  s  ,  e  g  asses  of  whiskey  each,  they  left  e  him  down  wed  held  :  him  by  the  throat,  and  the  01.  th  are  alwa  sat  n  on'  stand  it  7  me,a  dlw  t.  .  save  he  could  have  had  a  'place  - STYLE=superscript  in  the  ost-office  at  .£3ob  ,  a  P  .  u  1  c-house  about  twelve  o'clock,  y  and  were  merel  talking.  glad  to  refer  to  some  of  those  ancient  dames  ;  but  T.:  afterwards  plundered  and  turned  into  the  - STYLE=superscript  street,-  where  he  is  1. STYLE=superscript  d  tt  th  h  f  him  also  assiste  in  ae  Ina  eot  er  woman  rom  •  b  0  •  •  leis  Worship  :  This  is  a•yery  good  proof  that  you  are  not  a-year,  but  preferred  his  trade  of  carpenter.  upon  a  business  matter  when  the  officer  came  u  an  as  they  are  not  accessible,  neither  can  we,  at  an  •  THE  BIRMINGHAM  CATTLE  Snow.-A  correspondent  found  in  an  Onnatural  staee,  probably  the  'result  of  some  .  P,  ,  The  prisoners  were  ale  committed  for  trial.  an  excitable  man.  (Laughter.)  taking  the  defendant  by  the  collar,  said,  Hold  your  hour's  notice,  refer  to  . STYLE=superscript  Mrs.  Gamp  or  her  friend  .  Mr.  Greene:  But  you  will  tell  them  lam  an  inoffensive  says  The  choice  pen  of  three  pigs  ef  his  Royal  High-  narcotic  drug.  This,  however,  in•  the  present  instance  is  a  noise  ,  .  Inspector  Chew  then  came  up,  and  bh  . STYLE=superscript  d  y  is  or  ers  —  a.  LIVERPOOL  MARKETS.-YEsTERDA.  )  Sairey  Harris  this  strait  we  venture,  with  individual.  (Loud  laughter.)  •  nese  Prince  Albert  (No.  281),  which  obtained  the  gold  matter  of  suspicion  only,  but  that  such  a  praatice  - STYLE=superscript  exists  in  the  defendant  was  taken  into  custody.  It  was  for  the  magis-  •  woe  , STYLE=superscript  /  all  humility,  our  own  solution,  viz.,  that  the  phrase  .  His  Worship  :  Indeed,  I  will  net.  •  •  .  •  medal,  at  the  Smithfield•  Club  Sho*,  have  been  sent  for  ex-  use  seere  Liverpool  I  have  no  doubt,  beca  ral  times  that  has  trete  to  say  whether  such  conduct  on  the  part  of  the  poli  (Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  Datly  T  .  to  .ds  6  and  4  are  Os  grammatical  ;  Consequently,  6  Mr.  Greene  :  I  will  have  him  up  again,  I  know,  for  they  bi  '  -  been  very  clearly  proved  •  before  me.  I  remember  one  in-  •  '  hi  tion  to  Birmingha  m  .  hy  the  - STYLE=superscript  p  r  i  nce  ,  having  been  sold  to  .  ..,  ,  was  to  be  tolerated.  'Whether  two  respectable  tradesmen  ee  SUGAR  has  only  been  taken  to  a  moderate  extene  a  e  li  ,  and  4is  10,  is  not  orthodox  English  granimar.  won't  let  me  alone.  •  Mr.  Wall  with  those  conditions.  Prince  Albert  is  also  to  stance  in  which  a  man  s  health  was  severely  affected  by  the  were  to  be  permitted  to  speak  in  the  street  on  their  business  but  the  dema  d  k  d-d  h  I  comprise  0,  n  eeps  stea  y,  an  tesa  es  345  . STYLE=superscript  3  d  t° STYLE=superscript  .  .  His  'Worship  :  Bind  him  to  the  peace.  exhibit  at  this  show  . STYLE=superscript  a  fine  Hereford  ox  and  two  - STYLE=superscript  pen§  of  liquor  - STYLE=superscript  he  had  drunk,  and  the  glass  Which  he  took  in  a  or  whether  a  man  because  he  had  made  himself  obnox  . STYLE=superscript  lOUs  t  32s  6cl  •  130  barrels  Antigua  at  I  Jamaica,  a  ,  ,  a  ,  ,  el  5 STYLE=superscript  Mi.  James,  the  defendant  :  I  wish  we  were  bound  to  the  -  There  were  several  pens  of  this  Bramah  Pootra  few  .  ,  ,  .  room  in  which  he  was  plundered,  at  the  bottom  of  which  t  h  le  ,  l  e  i  t  e  po  d  ice,  was  to  be  on  all  occasions  signalled  out  b  and  300  hhds  Surinam  at  33s  6cl  en  cwt.  ah°  •  -  -  •  tific  me  th  h  n  oug  t  there  were  the  \remains  of  a  drug  y  Three  hundred  hhds  ' STYLE=superscript  and  40  puncheons  Cossipor°  '  BRUTAL  TREATMENT  OF  A  BRITISH  SUBJECT  peace,  for  he  is  a  most  aggravating  man.  beautiful  new  epecies  of  fowls  at  the  Surrey  Zooloaical  se'en  t  .  em,  an  trumpery  charges  prefeyeed  against  him.  have  realised  18s  6d  to  19s  le  cwt.  IN  THE  PAPAL  STATES.  - STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Green  :  Oh,  Moses  !  I  know  wile  is  the  aggravating  Gaeden  Poultry  Show,laat.  week,  the  prize_  far  sehich  was  .  '  which  had  been  administered,  In  another'  case  the  little  I*  ho  had  been  sent  to  buy  th  •  Mr.  John  Whitehad  was  then  examined.  He  said  he  had  Of  Rum  no  further  sales.  d  '  e  .  noxio  .  a  us  drua  proved  that  cart;  an STYLE=superscript  •  ~  •  man.  (Loud  laughter.)  :  •  aleained  by.  Mrs.  George  Cannon,  Great  Marlow,  ger  w  ,  .  d  h  she  had  brought  it,  an  s  e  saw  it  put  in  the  liquor  and  renewed  his  dealings  with  the  defendant  on  Monday  night,  A  few  bales  Mocha  COFFEE  brought  62s  V  Roma,  Die.  4.-1  mentioned  in  a  precedingletter,  that  a  His  Worship,  to  the  deputy  clerk  of  the  peace  :  Have  GREEN  JUGS  USED  BY  T  E  TEmELA.RS  -In  clearing  out  British  subject,  a  natiie  of  Gibraltar,  n  a  med  Testaferrata.  both  of  those  gentlemen  bound,  in  their  own  recognisances,  da  ii STYLE=superscript  i  of  lea  •  d-b  ildi  the  ground  for  the  Joan.  t  on  .  t  yinon  u  ngs,  in  administered  to  the  man  'who  was  robbed.  I  mention  this  because  persons  may  profit  by  the  knowledge  that  such'  a  an.d  that  after  his  wife  had  given  an.  order  for  -some  goods,  small  parcel  of  Jamaica,  by  auction,  previous  ratt  er  bee  s STYLE=superscript  he  and  the  defendant  went  and  had  three  glasses  of  whiskey  -Ries  continues  in  favour,  5,200  bags  Arracan  Desain,  had  been  arrested  in  tne  month  of  September  last  at  to  leeep  the  peace,  to  each  other  and  all  her  majesty'  s  s  u  b_  Grhy's-inii,  about  thirty,  years  since,  wo  earthen  green  jugs  en  cleit  e------•  aa  +h.  Tneean  authorities,  and  subsequently  handed  .  jeets.  (Leughter.)  .  were  dug  .  up,  which  are  preserved  by  the  benchers  as  a  te  •  d  exist  ;  and  it  should  make  sailors,  strangers,  prac  ice  oes  each.  On  leaving  the  public-house  they  went  in  the  direc-  sold  at  13s  6d  le  cwt.  tion  --  and  all  persons  more  *cautious  when  they  hew  the  risk  they  teen  of  the  Park,  where  they  lived,  and  they  had  merely  JUTE.-Nearly  800  bales  found  buyers  at  auc  _  ed.  ee  over  to  those  of  the  rape  sane-,  as  an  offence  whatever.  Both  parties  then  acknowledged  themselves  bound  to  memento  of  'the  olden  They  will  hold  very  little  .  Having  obtained  the  particulars  of  his  two  minus  imp.,  2  ,,,  t  ,,  i  ,  ~,..,  i  _  .  _  .  _,,  mere  than  half  a  pint  of  liquor,.  are  tall  and  of  good  pro-  bb  '  f  'l  I  h  stopped  to  talk  for  a  few  minutes  on  b•  '  n  to  verY  0° STYLE=superscript  incur  in  this  town.  The  ro  ery  o  sai  ors,.  am  appy  to  n  .  .  _  unness  when  the  at  £2l  5s  to  £23  15s  en  ton  for  commo  .  .  ~..,  sonment  and  suffering,  from  Mr.  Desain  himself,  in  an  inter-  Mr.  Greene  :  I  hope  mai,  .....u.  lan,  him  quiet  at  all  Portions,  but  so  small  at  the  top  as  .almost  topreclude  their  say,  although  I  mention  .  one  case,  is  .  not  - STYLE=superscript  so  fre-  in  o  cer  came  up,  and,  seizing  the  defendant  said  not  ma  e  sac  k  h  a  noise  in  the  Th:  defeLlant  said  T  0  1  li  't  d  business  is  re  mead  toeciee  , STYLE=superscript  EA.-  nya  mie  p  ld  t  4 STYLE=superscript  ,  market  wears  a  firm  appearance.  „,...„  so  en  view  with  hirir  since  his  release;  lam  enabled  to  give  you  a  events.  being  used  to  drink  out  of,.  aad  having  a  lip  it  is  surmised  't  was'  some  -  time  aeo  and  he  V  int STYLE=superscript  as STYLE=superscript  1 STYLE=superscript  •  ••-  '  •  •  are  not  making  a  noise  ;we  are  talking  about  busi-  HmEs  I  500  dry  River  nate  (bulls)  have  uv„Th  es  P&#34;'&#34;  correct  statement  of  th  e  un  p  rovo  k  e  d.  and.  unjustifiable  'His  Worship  :  •Why,  you  have  already  mealy  forfeited  Lan'  n--a  lend  the  portion  assigned  to  each  student,  who  was  trusted  the  cause  was  their  rising  intelligence,  nese  u  on  which  the  officer  replied,  Come  along  with  6d  le  leefand  '6,000  Salted  ditto,  chiefl  a  t STYLE=superscript  r  -e STYLE=superscript  n  COWS,  treatment  te  which  he  les  been,subjected.  yqur  recognisance  ;  you  must  be  silent.  I  will  hear  no  i  d  ith  a  u  ems  .  •  al.go  suppl  e  w  i  :  le  e  ese,-,  itr,,,,,  and  Ouerica.  ,  and  ehe  merchants  of  Liverpool  not  being  wanting  in  pro-  ,  e  then  P STYLE=superscript  and  mak  1  •  The  -inspector  came  up  at  rt  d.  e  ess  .noise.  repo  e  ft  ,  D  er  Jean  are  Mr.  Antonio  Testaferrata  Desalt  .  aged  •  51,  native  of  mpre  of  this.  NEW  DIGGINGS  AND  DiGGEBS.-Ballatat  has  been,  during  •sedina  ehem  a  place  of  deposit;  where  men  may  lodge  their  T  e  ..  Th  b  -  nieney,  nisteaa  or  eeese;eg  it  about  recklessly,  and  .  suffet-  u  t  '  d  o  d  t  tak  If  th  t  rine,.  an  gave  r  ers  n  eim  awaye  e  usiness  Of  TALLOW  100  pipes  fair  to  good  Sou  ne  „  u  nity,  Gibraltar,  left  Cadiz'  for  - STYLE=superscript  Malta,  with'  a  paesport,  signed  by  Mr.  O'Connell  :  The  Lord  protect  us  from  them  the  last  fortnight,  a  lively  place,  from  the  hundreds  of  new  the  Britiah  consul-general,  and  dated  December  22,  1851,  ganghter.)  .  arrivals  from  every.  other  diggings,  caused  by  the  prolific  ng  such  consequences  as  had  transpire('  in  thoan-  ca..  T  I STYLE=superscript  m'  •  .  tl  .-  that  th  •  1  '  t  h  -  it  t  I  seult,  gen  emen  e  e  camp  am  w  .  e  ave  heard  upou  which.they  were  talking  was  the  painting  of  the  defen-  reported  at  55s  to  558  6d  le  cwt.  danes  shop  and  there  was  no  dis  ute  whatev  rb  t  T  hd  d  t  S  V  a  ,,  to  goy  - STYLE=superscript  '  e  _  e  ween  wo  un  re  ens  myrna  anceene  e  nee  .  ~  n.  The  whence,  after  three  months'  stivah  e  repai  r  ed  to  Constanti-  The  court,  having  disposed  of  some  other  cases,  ad-  yields  that  have  been  turned  up,  principally  in  Prince  '  th  Th  ' STYLE=superscript  ffi  (I'd  t  t  P STYLE=superscript  t  k  •  nople.  There  M.  Lucy,  'a  French  - STYLE=superscript  mere  - STYLE=superscript  leant,  entrusted  him  joinned.  - STYLE=superscript  Regent's  Gully-a  portion  :of  the  Canadian  ,Gully  line  , STYLE=superscript  of  ae  y  &amp;one  a  earn  .  ,  1  ed  ,rdge  and  his  observation  was  that  ern.  e  o  car  ino  at  empt  to  a  e  witness,  and  the  .  brought  £l5  10s,  and  common.  £l3  I)  wes  eles  la  l STYLE=superscript  '  the  se  - STYLE=superscript  '  h  with  eight  Arab  inares,  ta  take  to  France,  and  consign  to  the  ,  ,  ~O STYLE=superscript  ld.  At'  one  stop  Called  the  Jewelle,r's  shop  .1.  am  told  the  practiea  of  stab  ing  can  hardly  be  regarded  .  as  nn-  defendant  was  as  sober  as  he  (witness)  then  was.  COTTON.-The  market  was  steady  and  e  et  hic  es  0 STYLE=superscript  -  a  ,  .  ,  2  Enalish  now  it  has  become  so  cOmmon,  is'  unfortunately  too  Mr.  Roby  then  tendered  the  book  in  which  the  defendant  quantit  chan  ed  hands  was  7  000  1,91  ,  .'.  government  agent  at  Marseillei,  - STYLE=superscript  Which  he  did  at  the  end  of  ,  a  lea  aci  decant  chum,  that  he  saw  two  men  wash  out  901bs.  h  -  -  hd  1t  't  th  hhb  t  1  uld  b  y STYLE=superscript  g STYLE=superscript  '  '  r  tftti STYLE=superscript  '  u. STYLE=superscript  6  EALING  MEAT.  All  old  fish-woman  was  committed  •  true'  lam  sorr  to'  y  ay  t  ere  are  two  cases  in  the  present  a  wri  en  opposi  e  e  c  urc  ,  u  1  wo  not  e  ad-  were  on  speculatiou  and  for  can'  Septembee,.  1852,  arriving  by  the  steanier  -Niliise  with  his  T  .  ~  ,  ~.  .  .  ,  before  brealefast  of  the  precious  nietal.  Some  dozen  holes  calendar  in  which  pe;sons  have  been  stabbed,  or  rather  the  mitted  in  evidence.  .  -----------  d  feato  .  .  on  Saturday,  me  14  days,  ror  stealing  a  piece  of  meat  from  ell  held  '  •  •  passport  en  regle,  daly  signed  by  the  'French  and  English  ...  a  1  eac  yre  ,it  is  said,  from  •.£4,000  to  £5,000  eab.  ;  -,  knife  has  been  resorted  to.  It  is  highly  important  this  The  magistrE  !  te  dismissed  the  case,  observina•  b  the  sho  of  Arthur  Jones,  180  Pa  k-1  a  t-at  ase  ROBBERY  IN  A  RAII.virAY  CARRIAGE.-A  la  '  l STYLE=superscript  '  $  5  ( STYLE=superscript  '  00  ministers,  and  leaving  again  for  Piedmont  with  the  signature  a  P  .  ,_  r  ane.  ,  .  oehers  in  the  same  line  are  now  turning  out  shysers  -  should  be  discouraged,  and  I  would  suggest  those  cases  only  reason  wh  1.  1-.  d-,  '  ic-  -a-  ..n.uced  the  inspector  to  order  the  Saturday  by  the'five  o'clock  o  eee  of  the  British  cOnsul  at  Marseilles.  '  Towards  the  end  of  ,  e-A  a  hest  of  t  ast  evening  c  .ea  value  £l5  •  wee  stolen  from  ene.,  yielding  only  a  few  pennyweights  to  the  tub.  Such  is  never  should  be'  dealt  with  lightly,  but  that  all  of  them  defendant  to  be  taken  into  custody  was,  that  he  .  (th  e  ins  rived  in  this  citylon  „  f  i2OOO  abstract'  n  f  July  last,.  his  passport  having!.  been  duly  vised  by  the  police  a.c  .  art  in  Crosby-street  during  the  temporary  ab-ence'of  the  th  b  E  uncertainty.  of  gold-digging  that  many  may  .sink  near  should  be  sent  'to  the  sessions  or  to  the  assizes,  that  they  tor)  thought  the  defen.dant  was  talking  too  loud  in  the  s  Pee-  Edinburgh  had  a  banie  mope  or  h  lief'  O  f STYLE=superscript  treets  lest  - STYLE=superscript  hex,.  ‘-.4.6..,,..,  --J....-.  ~n,,  carried  alon  g  wit-  eit  a  n  authorities  and  the  British  minister  at  Turin,  he  left  Genoa  cet.  where  geld  is  being  got,  yet  few  of  them  may  get  beyond  may  be  - STYLE=superscript  inquired  into,  in  order  that  it  may  be•  seen'how  at  so  late  an  hour.  ,  c  reticule  was  slung  over  arm,  and  was  locked;  but  art.  a  s  e  RAILWAY.-It  is  stated  that  with  a  •  t  A  e  , STYLE=superscript  tly  ..  )  .  view  o  !acre  wages  for  all  their  toil.  In  the  spoe  where  these  ATTEMPTED  SUICIDE.-A  man  of  the  name  of  James  had  most  adroitly  cut  it  open  with  a  knife  ath.  0  0  eli  for  Tuscany,  remeining.  a  .  fortnight  -  at  •  La  Spezzia,  D STYLE=superscript  '  AN STYLE=superscript  %  le  . STYLE=superscript  f  the  lin  severe  the  law  iS,  if  those  who  execute  it  do  their  duty  by  •  where  the  Tuscan  - STYLE=superscript  consul  signed  his  passport  for  economise  t  e  wor  mg  o  e,  tue  director  s  have  re-  irnmense  quantities  have  been  procured  the  sinking  is  from  the  severe  punishment  of  the  t•  h  d  *th  h  par  ies  c  arge  wi  sue  Iroolridge,  was  charged  by  police-officer  184,  under  the  fol-  the  document  without  her  being  aware  of  it  ' STYLE=superscript  till  E  ° STYLE=superscript  ell'.  Leghorn  by  lend.  e  Aftee  a  sheet  stay  at  Leghorn,  duced  the  working  staff,  and  have  also  increased  th  f  lo  ed  are  obli  e  arcs  :  100  to  120  feet,  and  so  wet  that  those  emp  .  y  ge  e  II  JO'  k  t  b  -  D  ncaster  Sheffield  '  offences.  '  Thereare  eeveral  ceses  of  picking  pockets  On  the  lowing  circumstances  :-It  appeared  that  the  prisoner,  who  after.  The  cheque  has  been  stopped  at  the  bank  ° STYLE=superscript  a  lly  Mr.  Desain  preceeded  to  Florence,  whence,  after  oaylc  e  s  etween  o  „  and  Rotherham.  t,:;  work  in  gangs  night  and  day..  I  say  this  - STYLE=superscript  much,  lest  any  calendar  ;  and,  here  again,  I  weuld  obsetae,  I  think  to  'deal  is  an  ink  manufacturer,  living  in  Ileckin's-hey,  went  into  ait  was  drawn,  so  that  fortunately  the  thief  will  be  s  iv  three  weeks  he  proposed  entering:the  Austrian  d  om  i  n  i  ons  ,  .  T  HE  T  unics  D  EMOCRATIC  ,-By  a  natural  though  unex-  romantic  beings  may  leave  their  homes  and  position  in  li  htl  with  the  aft  •'thfi  t  ff  n  if  no  use  'at  all  •  m  er  e  rs  oe  ce  s,  o  .  .  .  .  entail  shop  in  Tithebarn-street,  on  yesterday  evening,  and  appointed.  -N.  B.  111  ail.  ,  r  ing  113  and  obtaincl,  'the  signatures  of  the  Austrian  and  British  pectedl  consequence,  whilst  the  religious  dogma  of  the  Ko  ran  E  ng  l  an  d,  fan  c  y  ing  they  have  only  to  dig  to  become  riche  lam  wh  g STYLE=superscript  eill  hd.  t  -01••  th  h  th  rttl  •  1  T  F  B  F  1  ',Tilts  ut  i STYLE=superscript  e  a  ie'  urc  ase  wo  ropes.  a  .eaving  e  s  op,  ei  e  gir  iin  oei  Ar  ELFAST.-  or  severe  m  a  .  t  ,  a  o  .  .  see  a  man  who  has  been  sent  two  or  three  trmes  to  P  ministers,  but  subsequentlY,  as  his  ill  destiny  would  have  it,  tends  to  deism,  that  is  to  say,  to  the  very  negation  of  dogm  a  ,  littl  e  in  c  li  ne  d  t  o  re  t  urn  to  the  scene  of  my  former  toils  in  the  remarked  to  her  mother  that  she  hoped  he  did  not  intend  to  past  week,  this  town  and  neighbourhood  were  vis'  an  ne  te  prison  I  Consider  it  trifling  with  the  case,  becatise  I  ktow  he  changed  his  intentedn,  and  got  his  pa  ss  p  or  t  eian  e  d  for  it  leads,  with  regard  to  morals  and  politics,  to  doctrines  the  diggings,  although  I  admit  when  these  tempting  flashes  of  hang  himself,  as  he  looked  very  Wild.  -They.  immediately  thick  fogs,  from  which,  however,  no  serious  ine°  3 STYLE=superscript  of  t STYLE=superscript  e  they  are  Very  seldom  reclaimed',  and  the  anly  way  is  to  send  Rome  by  .  the  policC  and.  the  Papal  nuncio,  on  the  t STYLE=superscript  '29th  of  •  most  liberal  and.peogiessive.  Every  principle  of  our  eno.  luck  '  occur  it  unsettles  me  for  a  time.'  Trade  of  late  has  followed  him  to  his  house,  and  having  informed  the  people  has.  arisen  to  the  public.  Some  evenings  the  densitY  an  iq  e  ,  ,  them  to  a.hiaher  tribunal,  where  they  ma  be  dealt  with  in  August.  On  the  19th  of  .  the  following  month.  he  arrived  at  dern  democrapies  is  therein  contained,  not  only  in  germ,  been  dull,  both  here  and.  in  Melbourne,  partly  attributable  living  next  door  of  their  su.spicions,  the  constable  was  called,  fog  prevailed  to  sueh  an  extent  as  to  prevent  the  e.  abha  '  sitch  a  mannl•  as  not  to  ut  an  end  tithe  career  of  the  Arezzo,  and  proposing  to  stay  a  few  days,  showed  his  leut,  eapressed  in  the  moit  formal  manne,r.  A  Turk  having  tO  the  glut  which_  has  taken  place  in  all  the  general  corn corna  a corna  light  procured,  and  they  entered  the  house.  On  reach-  from  sailing  at  their  usual  hours.  The  Lyra  stearnel'  o  e  v  ile  !  individual  for  - STYLE=superscript  some  consider  i STYLE=superscript  !able  period,  but  that  it  may  .  papers  and  gave  his  name  to  the  innkeeper.  -On  the  21st  of  'had  explained  to  hirn  the  meaning  of  the  words  Lieeree  Modifies.  .  Flour  at  one  time  was  freely  sold  at  from  £8  to  ng•  the  room  where  the  prisoner  was,  they  found  him  stand-  left  Glasgow,  on  Friday  at  noon,  was  detained  s°  tha  t  '..,  0  '  effectually  discourage  the  practice  in  others.  Thieves,  September,  at  midnight,  'he  was  aot  a  little  surprised  at  Egelite,  Fraternite,  stamped  upon  one  of  our  coins,  Allel  e  47  per  ton.  Now  it  has  jumped  up  to  £25,  and  is  getting  ing  on  a  stool,  with  one  end  of  the  rope  about  his  neck,  and  the  Clough  lights  by  the  heavy  fog  that  prevailed  , STYLE=superscript  et  ,  9  i  no  doubt,  like  Other  ersons  speCulate  on'  the  chances  being  roused  from  his  bed.  by  a  brigadier  and  band  of  gend-  leered,  God  is  geeat  l  cried  lie.  T  .  hat  which  the  in-  iip  in  .priee  ;  bne  party  in  thie  town  holds  £7,000  worth,  and  of  being  lightly  dealt  li STYLE=superscript  with,  'and  - STYLE=superscript  when  - STYLE=superscript  they  find  in  three•  attempting  to  fasten  the  other  end  to  a  cross  beam  which  was  unable  to  arrive  in  Belfast  sooner  than  betivee  rg  ,  t  armee,  who  took  him  to  prison  without  allegi  n  a  an  y  mo  ti  ve  fid  e  ls  write  upon  gold  and  silver  coins,  God  has  written  in  will  not  sell  a  bottle  of  it  for  another  monthe  Gold,  on  the  or  four  - STYLE=superscript  as  a  the  are  so  laltl  ,  dealt  With,  thai  they'  act actc  c actc  e  ,  intersected  the  room.  Ho  was;  of  course,  immediately  and  ten  o'clock,  on  Saturday  night.-Belfast  lifer'  : STYLE=superscript  4 STYLE=superscript  c  ode  ° STYLE=superscript  in  .  spite  (4.41  his  remonstrances•and  entreaties  7c,  speak  witi;  '  the  heart  of  every  true  Übi  c  i  n  e  s  L  e  tt  ers  on  '  ciontrary,  is  falling  in  price,  and  can  scarcely  be  sold  at  w  i  th  fid  nee  and  le  kb STYLE=superscript  ecome  mere  uumereus.  '  If,  ae  n..  seized  ;  but  had  it  not  been  for  the  penetration  of  the  child  COLLIERY  ACEIDENT.-FivE  LIVES  LOST.  -  A  ll STYLE=superscript  &amp;WlCi  eji STYLE=superscript  :  ..  0  a  magistrate.  The  - STYLE=superscript  gendarmes  brutally  presented  him  to  the  TurkeY.  '  £3  16s.  the  ounce,  paitly.  from  the  imcertainty  whether  an  ..  eme  more  cen  o  e  ,  ~  i  no  doubt  he  would  have  had  time  to  have  ,accomplished  the  of  ;  a  very  melancholy  kind  has  lately  °emend  at  an  ,  1  ,  d  t  '  li  - STYLE=superscript  hr  1  d  •  d  f  -  te.  n  I  have  the  a  van  ag.e'w  ic  •so  ong  esire  ,o  a  gao  0  ,  e,  .  gaoler,  paying,  Thete's'  the  magist  ra  t  e  y  ou  are  e  o  spea  k  E  LOPEMENT  or  Anaa  Lamas.-Ben-Ayet,  the  wealthy  expert  duty  will  pass  the  legislature.  .  -  ,'  -  ••  fearful  deed  on  which  he  was  bent.  He  was  drunk  it  the  heath  colliery.  Five  peen  enaployed  at  the  coal-ve  he  1,  6  k!  :  ,  wher  'rt  c  nfinement  can  be  'resorted  to  then  I  shall'  d,  el  f  3 STYLE=superscript  );!  With.  7  ,Afr.  Dwain's-  passport  was  restored  to  him  by  the  ex-minister  of  the  Bey  of  Timis,  writes  our  Paris  corres-  J  _  MNNY  LIND'S  RETURN  TO  THE  SeaGa.-The  music&amp;  fe  ,  e  a  se  i  a  i  i  i  •y_  .  9  being  let  down  a  pit  in  a  cage,  were  precipitate  ,  0  ‘t  ec  fid  .ee  in  deali  'eh  e'  t  . STYLE=superscript  •'h  rt  •  i  time.  e  ie  re  .  co  .en  :  :ng  wi  par  ees  ,on  s  o  impr  .-  gaoler  on  his  leaving  Arezze,  in  charge  of  _the  gendarmes,  pendent,  has  been  to  Marseilles  to.  fetch  his  three  wives  and  Public/  says  Galignani,  will  be  glad  to  learn  that  the  Swedish  1 STYLE=superscript  The  prisoner's  wife,  a  good-looking,  middle-aged  woman,  r  e  breakin  to  the  bottom  of  the  shaft,  a  dePtha  e  d  u•  ,  sonments  ,  but  at  present,  where  one  is  compelled  to  resoi  t  op  ,  g,  10  r  for  the  Papal  frontier,  where  he  arrived,  halting  three  days  has  brought  them  in  triumph  to  Paris.  These  ladies  have  aightingale-now  Mme.  Goldschmidt-has  returned  to  the  and  respectably  dressed,  stated  that  he  had  frequently  fathorns:  Three  of  the  men  were  instantaneously  a  ,  e  fte  e  0  t  •  1  h  -tel-  -  '  e  1  dla  •i  hdi  -  o  a  gao  on  t  e  associa  e  pnncip  e,  an  w  ere  i  can  ar  y  in  the  prison  of  Santo  Sepulcro,  at  the  end  of  the  month.  adopted  the  French  cesturae,  and  appear  in  public  without  etage,  as  will  be  soen  bi  the  following  letter  from  Dresden,  threatened  to  destroy  himself,  but  that  never  before  had  he  the  fall,  a  fourth  died  the  next  morning,  and  '  s  hor  in  tia  ni;  et  be  said  hard  labour  in  the  true  sense  of  the  Word,  ettists•  The-  Reman  police  authorieies  at  the  •frontier  town  of  Citta  veils.  _The  bey  ,is  furious.  You  ere  aware  that  he  accuses  .  received  last  .  week.  'On  '  Saturday  (says  the  writer  at  .  been  ea:tight  in  the  act.  .He  was  not  in  distressed  circum-  wards,  the  fifth  also  died.  This  melancholy  ,_,,e.  ° STYLE=superscript  te  ict.  h  there  •  net  the  disc  ' STYLE=superscript  ourag  ment  which  a  proper  resort  . STYLE=superscript  would  •  cue  di.  Castello  took  away  hie  passport  and  1)401-s  again,  saying  13en-Ayet.of  having  plandered  his  treasury  to  an  immense  beesden,  in  a  letter  dated  Monday  last);  I  attended.  the  afford.  is STYLE=superscript  r  hope  the  '  time  is  coming  *hich  W  P STYLE=superscript  e  have  lon  g  staaces,  but  he  ovied  a  little  money.  has  cast  a  deep  -  arid  mournful  gloom  over  this  o  el  that  the  .  foemer  must  be  forwarded  to  Rome.  After  three  amount.  Since  the  minister's  flight  his  widowed  spouses  secon  dof  a  series  of  concerts  giVen  by  Herrs  GoldsChmidt,  -  „  tel  l STYLE=superscript  'a  waited  for.  Ihoe,  at  last,  that  the  - STYLE=superscript  expenee  to  'which  this  .  .  The  magistrate  told  the  prisoner,  that  ii  he  were  in  diffi-  Northern  Warder.  .  days  he  was  sent  oh  to  Perugia,  where  he  was  con-  have  been  detained  as  preciOus  hostageS  by  the  bey.  :  The  Schubert,  and  Kammer.  The  evemn,g  will  be  Memorable  town  has  been  . STYLE=superscript  p  -P STYLE=superscript  ut,  roduce  something.  benefieial  bp  culties,_  the  habits  of  intemperance  to  which  he  had  given  Mr.  Drummond  Hay,  in  his  Western  Barbark  ao  e,  e  e  fined  _  for  seventeen  days  with  the  ~  worst  sort  ef  police  never  quitted  the  door  of  their  .  hoese,,  and  only  a  f  ew  in  the  annals  Of  the  masical  world,  •as  that  on  which  Mme.  su  PI  i  gan  establishment  P STYLE=superscript  where  short'perieds  of  imprison.;  himself  up,  and  which  -had  led  .  him  almost  to  the  fearful  .  good  anecdote  of  the  advantage  of  a  wig.  Da/,'  b  o  g  ie  ,  offenders,  fed  On  galley  slaves'ecaree  and  - STYLE=superscript  Manacled  women  were  allowed  to'  visit  them.  •It  '  appears,  however,  Goldschmidt  made  her  first  appearance  in  'public  since  her  alLt  Y STYLE=superscript  m  n STYLE=superscript  a  •be  more  effectual;  where  - STYLE=superscript  long.  terms  - STYLE=superscript  of  Me-  '  crime  .of  self-destruction  were  not  calculated  to  retri  eve  African  travellee,  •  being  bald,  wore  a  toupet.  •  6 STYLE=superscript  •,  ‘  ,e  ce  e  1  during  the  journey  .  thither,  which  was  performed  upon  a  that  they  whiled  away  the  weary  hours  of  captivity  by  try-  inarriage  and  return  from  America.  For  days  previously,  •  -  Y STYLE=superscript  Ile  .  -d  t  'th  --tdt  a  l•  f  t  Hhhi  th  f  m  k  It  . STYLE=superscript  t  Arabs  having  on  one  occasion  surrou  .  nded  him,  tui  l  i  s  le`  i  l  prisonment  may  asO  e  carne  ou  wi  grea  er  a  van  a  e  e  us  or  une.  .  e  s  ou,  ere  ore  ae  a  reso  u  ion  o  cart,  escorted  by  gendar  - STYLE=superscript  mes  on  horseback.  .  All  his  inquiries  ing  on  and.learning  to  wear  French  dresses  •  and  when  theY'  She  music-shop  'from  which  tickets  were  issued,  had-  been  menced  plundering  his  effects,  and  threatened  even  an  le'  e  ~  than  dis  °sable,  in  the  present  instance.  Having  made  abstain  altogether  from  .  ardent  spirits  or  other  in inas  as inas  to  the  reaion  ef  his  imprisonment,  and  his  requests  to  became  perfect  in  the  art,  they  one  day  coi;lly  walked'  past  hesieged  by  the  public  of  Dresden,  and  many  hundreds  were  when  suddenly  Davidson,  calling  upon  them  to  beevni  s  '  e  b  n  ~  these  rema  P STYLE=superscript  rks,  I  dismies  you  to  your  duties,  which  I  hope  toxicating  drink  for  the  rest  of  his  life,  and  so  save  himself  speak  with  seine  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  local  aUthorities  ?  .  were  treated  with  the  sentinels,  who  mistook  them  for  visitors:  Once  at  large  tuxned  away  disappointed:-  - STYLE=superscript  It  was  with  much  anxiety  that  wilenot  occu  - STYLE=superscript  ou  very  long  .  -  .  -  from  an  awful  fate  andihis  wife  and  children  from  want.  The  they  Provoked  the  christian's  power,  dashed  his  '  3 STYLE=superscript  a  9h  r STYLE=superscript  contempt,  and  it  was  only  deielura  the  journeys  .  f  r  om  prison  they  were  enabled  by  the  assistance  of  their  'friends  to  obtain  J-  saw  .the  hour  of  the  concert  approach  ;  I  knew  :Mme.  •  cl  . STYLE=superscript  '  onsid  hir  'll  /  1  be  ar STYLE=superscript  •  ease  was  not.,  sufficiently  serious  to  require  him  to  enter  into  to  the  ground,  saying,  Behold  my  locks,  year  up....  .,  to  prison  , STYLE=superscript  that  he  Was  able  to  brite  •  some  passeiaby  to  put  a  a  passport  from  the  French  consulate,  and  with  this  they  Goldschmidt  had.  been  ill  and  hearse  for  many  days,  and  it  The  grand  jury  then  retire  .to  c  er  tebi  s.  .  curity  to  keep.  the  peace  as  he  might  not  probably  be  able  go  next  The  Arabs  fled,  abandoning  their  li  i  . STYLE=superscript  n  letter  ?nth  the  post  informing  the  B  r  itieh  w  r  ea  th  i  n  R  ome  o  f  sailed  for  .  Marseilles.  The  rage  and  disappointment  of  the  was  only  at  the  last  moment  that  she  determined  to  sing,  -  Ann  Sheridan,  la,  ,  -  •was  convicted  for  -having  stolen  a  purse  Se  -  -  '  .to.  preeure  securities,  and  ' STYLE=superscript  should  consequently  go  to  .  gaol.  - STYLE=superscript  V.S/  s  i.  his  Miserable  condition.  He.  speaks-  witie  -  horror  of  the  bey,  whose  health  has  long  been  in  an  almost  desperate  rather  than  disappoint  the  expectant  public.  She  had  selec-  the  property  of  Ann  Hayburn  a  She  was  sentenced  to  four  .  He  should  , STYLE=superscript  therefore  be  dismissed  with  a  cantion.  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMe  , STYLE=superscript  0  ,  Kee  frigland  state  of  his  'dismal  prison  halting-places  between  condition,  will,  it  is  thought,  bring  on  a  fatal  fit  of  apoplex  .  ,  ted  for  her  part  in  the  eoncert  the  beautiful  hymn,  for  solo  Years'  penal  servitude.  •.  •  -  Is  Published  every  Morning  in  LIVERPOOL  andl::&gt;/  Ferugia  earl  Itome,  especially  that  of  Foligno,  the  efilth,  Naw  ImmIGRATION  FUND  EoR  NEW  SOUTH  W  '  'and  chorus,  'by  Mendelssohn,  '  Hor,  •  •  mein  Bitten,  Herr,  ,  Harriet  Davies,  22,  was  convicted  ou  a  charge  of  stealing  ::  A  DISTRESSING  CASE.-Thomas  Reard,en,  a  hale  and  simultaneously,  and  the  following  are  the  rates  and  -A  Griffiths  Jones  heart  mendicant  was  charged  with  being  found  begging.  and,  but  that  I  felt  grieved  that  she  -  should  make  such  'several  articles,  the  property  of.  Francis  .  •  Y  vermin,  and'contaminated  air,  haviag  had  a  very  bad  effect  motion  has  been  carried  in  the  council  to  the  effectALES.  That  .  •  She  was  sentenced  to  one  month's  imprisonment,  with  herd  ,  '  'd  dd  f  d  d  -  •  .  When  taken  to  the  bre  ewell  X  2  o  ,was  oun  sewe  ,up  in  TERMS  OF  a  SUBSCRIPTIO,  mien  his  health,  and  the  jolting  of-the  •  springless  carts,  abY  in  order  to  keep  up  that  continuous  stream  of  i  -  t•  '  exertionwhen  suffering  from  hoarseness  and  indisposition,  his  h  h  ff  d  . STYLE=superscript  th  - STYLE=superscript  11  tt•  fth  t  th  clot  es,  t  us.  aor  in„a:  ano  er  ius  ra  ion  o  e.  ru  IN  LIVERPOOL.  :2  7  .  '1  OUT  OF  LIVE&#34;'  d  ,t.  ,  no-means  oonsdatory  effect  upon  his  person.  Whilst  tra-  ,  which•is  necessery.  to  supply  the  large  and  in  mmigra  ion  creasing  de-  I  should  have  enjoyed  without  a  draw-back  the..  perfect  labour-one  week  to  he  eolitary.  .  --  .  -  Mar  Mooney  32  indicted  for  receivin.•  the  above  goods,  of  the  old  song,  that  Ohall  the,  trades  a-going,  a  begging  expression  she  gave  to  this  . STYLE=superscript  most  lovely•music.  Her  voice  .  Term  for  Inadvance  On  Credit  In  advance.  0s STYLE=superscript  6  velliega  he  Was  handcuffed  and  chained  to  the  other  melee  mend  for  labour  in  every  branch  of  colonial  •  d  -  •  •  in  ustry,  this  y STYLE=superscript  -'  '  •  '  -  is  the  AMid  the  most  •  vociferous  protestations  of  .  knowing  them  to  be  stolen,  was  acquitted.  ..  a__  i  p  is  as  fine  as  it  ever  was  ;  and  -in  the  songs  with  which  .she  '  faceore  on,  the  cart,  but  when  - STYLE=superscript  replaced'  in  prison  his  'fetters  house  recommends  that  immediate  measures  be  tak  .  b  _n  the  i•  •  John  Woodloch,  19,  convicted  of  !raving  picked  the  pocket  innocence,  and  prOrnisee  that  he.would  write  to  one  Sergeant  A  Year  '''3  0.0  .e  4  0  0  310  0  e  were  TeMoved.  .  'This  mode  of  conveyance  at  foot  pace,  and  • STYLE=superscript  executive  government  for  raisina,  by  the  . STYLE=superscript  s  . STYLE=superscript  le  fd  e STYLE=superscript  b  Y  'finiehed  her.  evening's  performance,  one  felt.  as  much  as  ever  '.•  '  •  1  •  I  . STYLE=superscript  1  d  f  ee'  .  h  •  -  -  of  Miss  Garner  -  was  sentenced  to  rune.  calendar:menthe.  im-  Rie  yenre  an  or  a  -erecter,  t  e  prisoner  was  sentenced  I  -  1  Is  only'  on  'stated  days  of  *the  week,  was  so  .  tedious  that  p,oor  secured  on  the  territorial  revenue,  a  further  :u  o  af  ieooentures  'her  infinite  superiority  to  all  the  singers  of  the  present  day,  -  -  Half  year  ..  .4  . STYLE=superscript  1  11  6  .W  2  2  0  -t'l  18  0  0  Mr.  Doiain  only  arrived  at  ROMA  11  .  11''  Nnv'  1  .  7,  n,1,,,,,,  ...  4-  .co  oe  rennetea  to  tne  Land  arid  Emigration  nieonnills!?°P!.,  evinced  equallyin  the  supernatural  charm  -of  her  simple  P  '  ' STYLE=superscript  1  b  risonment,  with  hard  a  our.  .  .  ..  ,  to  a  month's  iMprisonment,  the  cost  .  of.  his  maintenance  to  i  5  being  deprieed  at  ins  beard  and  moustaehes•  by  the  prison  6  0111,IN  borne  out  Of  his  charitable  lunder  .Td.epar  Bawd,  26,  was  convicted  of  ,  stealing  three  glas,l  be  p  .  Quarter  ..  .e  0  19  6XI  5  0  .10  re  6  .:&gt;-/  ,for  this  purpose  e  uPon  the  Understandina  that  v STYLE=superscript  i  l  • STYLE=superscript  style,  as  in  the  most  brilliant  and  difficult  aaffitare  of  the  haeher,  he  Wasthrust  intr  . STYLE=superscript  )  the  common  ward-of  the  Termini  ,  no  .  1  ,  ese  thap  taedorn.  Italiaai  aohooL  'I  -  -  doors  and  a  window,  the  property  a  Thomas  Feegie.-  and  'rum  .POLICE  aceterennThe  following,  application  was  made  four  ships  a  month.  shall  be  dispatched  ec,  ilea,  Lo  ony,  until  sentenced  to  five  calendar  months'  imprisonment-three  to  Mra  Mansfield  yesterdaye-A  gentleman.  a  the  name  Single  Papers  3d.  1  -  Single  Papers  ...  s  gaahavith  63  malefactore  Of  eveay  . STYLE=superscript  deseriptiott.  Here,  how-  .this  fund  be  exh  ted  ..ef  l'  aus  .  -  ustra  zan  and  New  Zeal  d  FORGERIES  ON  THE  BANK  OF  ENGLAND.-On  Saturday,  eveei  the.  eaergetic  interference  a.the  British  representative,  Gazette.  an  a  young  man  named  John  Wilson  was  committed  for  trial  weeks  to  be  solitary.  •  .  •  .  •  of  Burns,  formerlP  an  officer  in  the  army,  had  been  convicted  ADVERTISEMENTS.  t  ber  i STYLE=superscript  ,  .  .  Arr  . STYLE=superscript  .  - STYLE=superscript  Lyons,  begen  to  show  itself.  •Without  entering  into  ,  L  S  re  '  .„,  .  .  'by  the  Sheffield  magistrates  for  utterina  forged  notes  on  the  .  oSs  ,OF  HIPPING  IN  THE  .0  OGS  -The  .d  •  '  '  '  °  Henry  Sullivan,  18,  was.convicted  of  stealing  a  coat,  the  in  Septeneber  of  allowing  his  dog  to  be  loose  in  the  streets  ;  Advertisers  are  given  the  full  benefit  of  the  Repeal.°•f  of  chi  s  I  •  .  ..  the  ea:et  stens  followed  by  him  and.  the  British  consular  ,  f  ense  Bank  et  England.  During  the  past  twelve  months  repeated  Property  of  William  Jones,  and  sentenced  to  three  months',  he  was  fined  five  shillings,  andfour  and  sixpence  for  costs,  Their  announcetnents  a  are  irertel  at  the  .  foßowing  SFrue  to  r  ete  ii  ...  ogs  that  have  recently  prevailed  in  London  ext  d  d  e  agent,  Mr.  F  - STYLE=superscript  reeborn,  he  obtain  - STYLE=superscript  the  prisoner's  release,  it  will  en  .  e.to  a  -  instances  have  occurred  of  bad  notes  being  passed  upon  the  imprisonment,  with  hard  labour-eine  week  to  be  solitary,  all  of  which  he  paid.  A  day  or  two  since  he  was  .neverthe-  L  i STYLE=superscript  Xt  - STYLE=superscript  fsla  m STYLE=superscript  ,  a  t STYLE=superscript  en STYLE=superscript  nd  e STYLE=superscript  :  L  ;  i:  n STYLE=superscript  :Cti,4,  tZ  e STYLE=superscript  e  r STYLE=superscript  r  e STYLE=superscript  t  t  z STYLE=superscript  .  s STYLE=superscript  i.:23.ce  r STYLE=superscript  d  e STYLE=superscript  'fi  p  i STYLE=superscript  ,  fi STYLE=superscript  d  ' STYLE=superscript  i  d STYLE=superscript  .  ffi  t  -  th  t  M  D  •  •  b  eht  t  tl  I  su  ce  o  say  a.  r.  esam  was  roug  o•  ie  consu  ar  ,  t  cl  . STYLE=superscript  t  t  •d  .  .•  •  '  i  grea  is  ence  a  sea,  an  occasioned  many  fatal  ehipwrecks  tr  d  fth  t  d  h  -  nd  to  be  nce  whipped  a  esmen  o  e  own,  an  more.  tan  a  dozen  cases  have  a  °  •  .  .  less:  taken  into  „custody-  by  a  policeman,  under  .a.  warrant  nn4  made  on  or  before  the  10th  of  each  month.  T  h  e  f  o  lio'  ,  N  The  barque  Norfolk  .from  Shields  •  f  i  .  '  '  or  ondon,  with  550  :  often  two'  three  days.  after,  and  formally  placed  under  t  iis  of  coals  ot  oil  t  th  k•  '  COMe  to  .the  knowledge  of  the  police.  The  - STYLE=superscript  trick  was  the  •  Christopher  Adams,  16,  indicted  for  the  same  offence,  was  from  Mr.  llathhone,  and  carried  off,  not  in  the  most  cour-  soak  of  g  o.  e  rao  sat  Flamborough  Head  .  o  Charges  for  Single  Insertions-  7  \  13ritishe  pretectien  and  he  new  awaits  the  results  of  nego-  .  ?  einesda  •  '  y  night  last,  whereon  the  c  a  '  same,  in  every  instance  and,  from  the  statements  of  the  vic-  committed.  .  •  .  -  -,  •  temis•or  gentle  manner,'  to  the  Bridewell,  and  there  detained,  5  0 STYLE=superscript  '  /  i  ciations  pending,  on  his  behalf,  and  the  restitution  of  his  ourse  of  the  followina  '•  '  •  1  th  t  'th  -  William  Bird  28  and  John  White  21  were  convicted  of  notivithstandina  his  assurances  that  h  h  tuns,  it  was  c  ear  a  e  utterer  was  the  same  individual  in  ,  -  '•  '  •  •  '.  ''  '  •,,  ead  paid  the  fine;  '  s  d  s  d  s  d  ..  ,  .  .  morning,  she  elided  . STYLE=superscript  off,  and  went'  down  bro  d  . STYLE=superscript  .:1  •  '  0  eg'  ° STYLE=superscript  :  o STYLE=superscript  4  s STYLE=superscript  6'  6 STYLE=superscript  ,  I  regular  Britrsh  passport,  which  the  police  authorities  appear  e  si  e  into  del.  having  stolen  501bs.  of  composition  nails,  and  sentenced  each  and  hada  receipt  for  it.  The  officers  appear  to  have  found  out  1,2,0r3  lines  1  0  10  or  11  lines  3  0  18  or  191ines,  5  0  _,'  3  :1,  „  r  ..:0  all  cases.  The  busiest  hour  on  the  Saturday  evening  ,was  water.  A  dense  fere  prevailed  the  h  I  •  by  no  means  ready  to  hand  out,  as  it  forms  the  chief  piece  ve  o  e  night,  and  thoug  „  i  6  12  or  13  „  3  6  20  or  21  „  5  6  ;  .  ii  .  35  ,  u_,,  5  9  generally  selected-  for  the  accompliehment  of  •  his  .puipose,  to  four  years'  penal  servitude.  their  blunder  andto  have  peid  the  fine:a  second  time,  un-  `4  0  0 STYLE=superscript  ,./  t  b  1  .  bThl  hd  aar  erre  was  urne  on  t  e  eck  to  attract  tt  t  . STYLE=superscript  •t  .  •  ,  „  2  0  14  or  15  „  4  0  22,  23,  or  .  24,  6  0  34,  55  ,  ,'  of  accusation  _against  them.  Meanwhile,  Mr,  Desain  has  .  a  en  len,  i  Mary  Jones,  33,  was  convicted  on  a  charge  of  robbing  Wm,.  kneau  to'Mr.  Burns,  to  secure  his  iinmcdiate  release  •  He  would  then  preseet  himself  at  the  shop  of  some  butcher  ••  ,Bor  9  „26160  r  17  „  4  6  25,  26,  or  27,6  6  37:_______,  was  unobServed.  The  '  crew  took  te  the  b  t  miised  the  engagement  for  which  he  was  coming  to  Rome,  '  oa  s,  and  thus  .  e  saved-their  lives.  On  the  same  ni  ht  a  or  grecen  with  . STYLE=superscript  face  begrimed  as  though  ejust  come  from  Middlehune  of  several  articles  of  clothing,  and  sentenced  to  Mr.  Cross,  the  solicitor  of  Mr.  Burns,  applied  for  copies  ,  And  Sixpence  for  every  Additional  two  lines.  collision  happened  which  was  to  •  accompany  a  .  Spanish  'gentleman,.  M.  R.  :  off  the  same  coast,  the  Dudeeon  li  g STYLE=superscript  work  and  telling  a  plausible  story  to  account  for  possession  twoyears'  imprisonment.  _,.  .  .  'of  the  conviction;  and  of  a  distress  warrant,  which,  it  was  ,  ate  , STYLE=superscript  1 STYLE=superscript  eht,  bearin  SS  ,  distaht  '  Scale  of  Prices  for  Contract  Advertisein  e- STYLE=superscript  a  „,a'  \  Bea:lnes  to  Coustentlnople,  -to  puechase  Arab  horses  .  for  a  .  about  fifteen  miles  bt  v  th  ..- STYLE=superscript  b  •  I;  g STYLE=superscript  .  .  ,  ,e  s  een  e  rig  ily;  M.  Torod  e.  '  of.  the  ,  note,.  offer'  to  ,  make  some  slight  .  purchase  to  get  it  •  ..  .  .  i  saed,  but  not  truly,  had  been  issued  previous  to  the  arrest.  PAYABLE  IN  ADVANCE.  .......---i  l  los`  3  specalation.  h  d  c  ange  .  is  arts  were  generally  succeesful  ;  but.  in  one  THE  FOG  Ol'ef  THE  - STYLE=superscript  CINDE.-No  -fewer  than  fourteen  ,  Mr..  Mensfield  inquired  whether  Mr;  Cross  made  the  appli appli•  • appli•  ''  fth  fusionist  party  are  The  recently  .  arrested  liberals  o  .  e  .  master,  bound  to  Guernsey,  from  Newcastle  and  the  '  •  One  Month  3  Months  6  Months  19 STYLE=superscript  ;  r  ;POI'  1 STYLE=superscript  1  inetance,  where  the  counterf  e  it  was  detected,  the  fellow  left  steamers  all_  due  on  SaturdaY  afternoon  or  evening,  only  cation'  as  a  .  matter  of  favour  or  of  right.  MreCross  claimed  .  sehooner  Industry,  from,  Southampto  Th  '  .  07  26  or  78  or  136  ii  ,......  !.  5  ..  ./‘  \  kept  in  the  strictest  'confinement,  and  are,  as  it  wetea  out  accident  was  ,  ,  ee  so  violent  as  to  sink  the  Industry  ill  11. STYLE=superscript  e STYLE=superscript  '  the  nete  in  the  hands  of  the  shopkeeper  and  tookte  hisheels,  reached  the  Bromielaw  yesterday  - STYLE=superscript  morning,  being  detained  ,  the  eepies  ai  a  right,  on  paying  for  •  them,  which  he  was  Insertions.  Insertions.  Iniertions.  of  the  world,  none  of  their  friendi  or  relations  being  al-  e  ,creey,  having  jest  time  I.  0  ~'  __________  _____,____  i  8  .  1  ,  to  saVe  themselves.  Off  Kele-  -  '  whilst  the  tradesman  made  an.  entry  in  his•ledger  of  the.cir-  by•the  `density  - STYLE=superscript  of  the  fog  On  the  Firth  and  the  river.  •From  willing.  to  do  ;  but  if  the  •  right  was  denied,  Le  would  accept  lovred  to  hold,  conimunication  With•  them,  or  even  to  know  night,  'the  bri  S  . STYLE=superscript  t  '  M  Wick  on  neT•  ~  ,  the  same  ,  .curostance  along  with.  such  a  desc  ri  pti  on  oe  the  man  as  would  the  same  canee,  fort  '  el  exchieive  of  four  •  steemers,  were  them  ae  a  favor.  •  Mr.  ,Mansfield  refused  to  accede  to  the  e  sai  ,  s  d'  9  0 STYLE=superscript  I  .  .e  s.  d.  .e  s.  d.  ..e  ..  ,  9  i  what  ii  lac/Coale  of  'theta...a-Daily'  Netos.  ,  g  is  ers,  r.  Cowie,  of  Portgorden,  •ot  '  •  '  -  '  •  •  •  Ito  3  lines  ..  12  0  215  0  41.  0  1  0  , STYLE=superscript  0  0  1  g  ,  ,  enable  hun  to  speak  to  his  identity  at  Any  -future  time.  prevented.  froth  clearing  °anon  Saturday  ;  bat  they  all  got  ,  •  apPlication,  either  as  a  faaor  or  la  right,  leaving  Mr.  Burns,  ~  ashore  and  became  a  total  wreck.  Between  So  th  ld  4or  5  lines  ..  il3  0  42  6  72  6 STYLE=superscript  1  9  8  I?  I  .  U  wo  and  •  -  ...  Sunderland,  'no  fewer  * STYLE=superscript  than  twehr  t•'  Notwithstanding  these  repeated  frauds,  the  guilty  partv  under  weigh  yesterday  forenoon..  .  and  their  attorney  to  their  remedy  !-  •  •  6or  7  lines  ..  25060011  0  0 STYLE=superscript  27  6  0.:  \  .  .  e  coas  ina  ves  .  '  -  8,  9,  or  10  lines  37  0  815  0  15  15  0  55  1  4  2  ;  ,  ,  WAYPancEt.,BOAILD  OE  'Dunne-The  - STYLE=superscript  meeting  of  the  belonging  to  the  Tyne,  Stockton  and  Hartlepool  '  -  •  '  '  ,  a  sels  -colliers  eluded  detection  until  thi  k•Thl  . STYLE=superscript  th  -  bt  •  a  .  Ne  OVER  . STYLE=superscript  '  BY  AN  OmN  M-'  B,  •  s  wee  .  .e  po  lee  en  o  ame  Ala  OLD  MAN  RIT  '  IBUS  IN  AIN-,  .  OBBERY.  BY  A  PROSTITUTE.-Catherine  Read,  was  ire  or  Mines  4gollioo  20  10  0 STYLE=superscript  -44  ',  i  i,  board  ot  commissioners  was  held  last  .night  af  the  public:works  wrecked  ;  •  the  whole  - STYLE=superscript  of  them  were  ' STYLE=superscript  attribut  A  t'''  h  -  o.were  reformation  which  induce&amp;  •  them  to  visit  a  low  house  Reeren.,---An  inquest  was  held  en  Saturday,  before  Edward  charged  with  robbing  a,  man  of  colour,  a  sailor,  of'  upwards  14:15:  n  orl.-  lines  511  0  14  5  0  25  5  0 STYLE=superscript  9S'  i  e  t.  o't  .  6  fo,.  In  s  office,  Wavertreeee--  Chaffees,.  'Esq.,.  preSided,  When  it  was  the  course  of  Satarday  other  loeses  we  in  a  •  back  street  of  the  town;  shortly  -  after  the  H  er  ford,  Esq.,  Coroner  of-  the  city  of  Manchester,,  - STYLE=superscript  at.  the  of  £6..  Ihe  with  a  brother,  accompanied  two  girls,  one  of  For  every  additi additi-15  -15 additi-15  0 STYLE=superscript  unanimenslgagreed  to  place  alainp  at.the  Comer  - STYLE=superscript  of  Sandon  The  British  ship  Lady  Bulw  re  .  pos  ed  at  Lloyd's.  postman  •  had  been.  seen  to  -  delivera  letter  there.  They  Royal  Infirmary,.  touching  the  - STYLE=superscript  death  of  Samuel'  _Wortley,  whom  Was  the  prisoner,  hoine,  and  this  morning  she  left  the  onal  3  lines  or  12  0  215  0  4  er,  Captain  Thomas  Tebin  less.  Park,  adjoining  the  house  of  mr.  Pryer  A,  Memerial  was  bound  to  Quebec,  1,100  tons  b  rth  /  were  admittedbythe  wife  'of  Wilson,  who  made  - STYLE=superscript  an  attempt  l  a  te  6f  Gu'ethoriteestreet,  dyereeaged.  71-  y  - STYLE=superscript  ears.-William  o  use,  taking  with  her  the  money.  The  magistrate,  the  !VC  ,  en  with  a  .  209  einigrants  NTO•  0 STYLE=superscript  '  read  - STYLE=superscript  from  the  inhabitants  of  Olive-lane'  p  eying  that  - STYLE=superscript  the  foundered  in  60  fathoms  of  :wa  u STYLE=superscript  ter  ~/  to  burn  the  letter,  but  was  preirented  -by  inspector  e  Linley,  el  ici  t  or  ,  of  Lombard-street,  hawker,  stated  that  on  Friday  evidence  not  teing  sufficiently  conclusive,  discharged  the  AGENTS  IN  THE  COU  ew  sra  e  ,  e  a  te,  proprietors  would  •  have  it  put  in  a  prop'  er  r STYLE=superscript  state  of  repair.  the  night  9f  9th  of  Net  month  ;  , STYLE=superscript  q'  ff STYLE=superscript  m STYLE=superscript  he'sePecca  islanonon  :  who,  with  eensiderable  difficulty-  go  t  it  from  - STYLE=superscript  her.  Thenetter  a  rt  en  io  on  -h  e  had  been  speeking  to  a  pereon  - STYLE=superscript  named  James  prisoner,  and  gaye  the  sailor  a  cautien  not  to  keep  such  Ashton....  ....  Mr.  Kerrigan.  PreBto7l..  •••  •  •  i  n  gtOn  WO  ,- STYLE=superscript  ,  The  subject  of  a  new  cemetry  was  Mocited;  and:after.  a  brief,  hbtsSh  b  I  d  at  on-  boerd  *ere  saved  by  was  addressed  to  John  Wilson  28.  Sims-croft,  'Sheffield,&#34;  Fliteroft;  at  the  corner  of  Fleet-kreet  Deansgate,  - STYLE=superscript  when  two  company.  teoe  .  e  e  onge  to  the  Black  ball  Li  11  . STYLE=superscript  4b  '  •  •  7  7  .  )  -  Birmingham..  Mr.  Cooper.  willi  o STYLE=superscript  L  e  ,  i  E.  &amp;C.  Mansell.  RunColn-  ••  •  W.  1  0 STYLE=superscript  7  - STYLE=superscript  r  tl  , STYLE=superscript  '  ),  desultory  convereation,  it  was  -.agreed  to  confer  with  the  of  packets,  and  was  insured  for  £lO,OOO.  verpoo  me  an  ore  the  Birmingham  poste  mar  k.-  -it  •  contained  two  omnibuses  were  passing  from  Hahne  into  Market-street.  The  PICKING  POCKETS.-Elizabeth  Waters  alias  Mullhollancl  Ash's  ° STYLE=superscript  v.  4 STYLE=superscript  ,  Burnley  Mr.  Lutcliffe.  S.  .  igle..,,e  C  overseers  of  the  parishes.  of  Childwall;  Allerten,  Gersten,  -  — STYLE=superscript  R  -  -  K  forged  Bank  of  England  notes,  and  the  followingecurious  deceaeed:  w  a  s  comine  across  Deansgate  to  . STYLE=superscript  where  he  stood,land  was  charged  with  picking  the  pocket  of  ' STYLE=superscript  Mrs.  Ann  Myers,  Bolton.  ....  .  .  Samuel  Gardner.  Rociadale..  •••  •  •  F  ,,  Ai  r  D  iv.  1  Wavertree,  and  Woolton,  and  9.189'  agreed  that  the  ld  -The  THE.  AikwAY  ING.  .  great  house  at  Albert-gate  '  specimen  of  the  sir  i  hare  (  very  sorry)  it  was  had  Waited  fin'  'the  iiret  omnibris  to  pass  ;  and  was  teying  to  in  Renshaw-street.  About  two  o'clock  yesterday  afternoon,  Bootle..  ..ne,  ,  „  sbniel  .  4,  Y  w°u  'no  longer  in  the  occupation  of  the  ra•  eonfbr  withahe  board.  The  Meeting  'was  adjoarned  until  13 STYLE=superscript  e  aa  -  h  dway  king.  He  has  My  faiilt  i  COuld  not  send'them  aoo  ner  b  u  t  i  hop  e  thee:SYß'  pees  by  the  eeeond,  but  •the  omnibus  come  too,  quickly  and  the  prosecutrix  accompanied.  by  a  young  lady  was  welkin  .  ~  Barn,sley....  -  ~  Helens.  .....  1538- STYLE=superscript  As  O  u STYLE=superscript  k  next  week,  when  it  is  eipecte•ci  that  the  de  tte  .1  sold  Newby,  am.  Le  decree  -as  been  confirmed,  on  app  ea  l'  be  soone  a  nee  foe  you  i  shall  be  v  er  y  g  l  a  d  to  heerof  you  n  no  'sk  e  d  him  down.  '  The  deceased,  who  could  hardlY  walk's  alo  It  h  ''  t  11  h  tld  b  '  pu  a  iou  wi  1  .  •  •  ng  ens  ew-s  reen.  wen  s  e  was  o  .y  a  person  that  Crewe  .  b  Chorley...  ....  Horatio  Lawson.  St.  Thou'  ol''  1  R.  Jolin,l  3  iJef'  \,  meet  the  boiled.  •  compelling  him  to  refand  X  54,000  ,to  the  North  Mell  Mary  Cotton.  .  1  and  duing  Whell  Write  to  yr  Brother  for.  sertin  next  monday  w  as'  limping,  and  put  up  his  hand,  upon  which  the  driver  her  pocket  had  been  picked,  and  upon  feeling  in  her  dress  Chester..  .••  •  •  Mr.  Horrop.  Soudport..  ....  ..  sane  l  y  , STYLE=superscript  .  y  company.  Orie  of  his  plees  on  reCord  of  the  court  send•  lt  ,  R.  &amp;H.  Taylor.  Stockport...•  •  •  it  ,  1111  i  .  cr  er.  '  '  BERDAN'S  ORE  CRUS  HING  MACHINE.  --  SOple  further  ex  l STYLE=superscript  o  n  a STYLE=superscript  '  .  .  ..  me  a  the  nuse  you  can.  good  -  The  motes  saw  him  and  pulled  up  the  horses  all  h  e  co  u  ld.  It  was  the  she,  discovered  that  her  purse,  containing  £2  16s.  had  been  ~  ancery  wis,  - STYLE=superscript  that  he  bribed  certain  members  Of  bot  Douglas.  periments  were  made  on  Saturday  last  with  Mr.  Borden'  h  were  numbered  46505  and  56045,  bore  date  12th  April,  piing  man  present  (John  Statham)  who  was  driving.  Tha  taken.  She  saw  twO  females  running  away,  bue  could  not  houses  rof  li  a  •th  h  S  nd  th  t  h  Holyhead  H.  G.  Hughes.  Wigan..  ••  ••  •  •  Mrs.  ;.  ric  iold  , STYLE=superscript  .  ors  crushing  andamalgamating  machine.  The  ores  experi-  witho  t  rr  amen  in_  s  are  ,  a  _  a  e  could  not,  1853,  and  were  signed  For  the  governor  and  companY,  onrribus  went  on  about  three  yarde.after  one  of  the  wheels  say  that  the  .prisoner  was  one  of  them.  Two  witnesses  spoke  .Huddersfield„  ____-  3  rs  , STYLE=superscript  .  0  ..  ,0  I  merited  on  were  .the  West  Wheal  Jane,  the  Wheal  Jane  but  tilt  a  h  reach  of  confidence,  state  to  whom  he  g•ave  them,  J.  yautin.  In  these  instance  s  th  e  imitatio  n  of  the,  genuine  wen  t  over  the  •daceased.  The  omnibus  was  going  at  ata  the  prisoner  being  one  of  the  two  females,  and  when  ap-  Hyde....  Wheal  Trehane,.North  Dolfrwynog.  In  the  case  of  the  who  statedl7ould  do  so  neineely  to  the  master  ef  the  rolle  e  •  :  note  was  ace  )  , STYLE=superscript  good  ;  theu  g  h  from  , STYLE=superscript  the  roughness.:  of  ,  the  mo  d  era  t  e  , STYLE=superscript  pace.  •  There  were  12  or  13  ..  yards  between  .  the  prehended  in  a  'court,  in  which  she  had  run,  a  purse,  which  t  i STYLE=superscript  r  ac STYLE=superscript  s  tr  e  e  could  receive  no  such  confidence  Now  eld  Mr  .  .  Shuttle  a  r  i  rt  e.  ~  .  William  Gs  d  Mrs.  i  tar° STYLE=superscript  '-',  that  water  mark,  and  its  indentation  on  the  ,  paper,  it  -  was  -  aP  - STYLE=superscript  two  omnibuses.  The  deceased  was  carried  into  a  druggist',  Mrs  Myers  identified  as  the  one  stolen  from  her  pocket,  was  Pre  m STYLE=superscript  scot.  West  Wheal  'Jane  the  result  gave  a  produce  of  2,1  oz.  to  the  the  subject  •  •  40  ton  of  ore.  In  the  eases  of  the  Wheal  Jane,  and,  the  Wheal  House  of  Com  is  out  of  the  court  of  equity,  it  is  expected  the  parent  that  it  had  been  , STYLE=superscript  obtained.  by  stamping,ewhile  the  shop,  and  afterwards  removed  to  the  Infirmary  in  a  coach.  found,  The  prisoner  was  committed  for  one  month.  Preston..  sVII''  4 STYLE=superscript  1  Trehane,  the  results  vrere.  rnot  considered,  'satisfactory;  in  mons  will  take  up  this  revelation  as  a  question  paper  was  in  a  . STYLE=superscript  l,  t.  ARLE  S STYLE=superscript  so'  ve  state.  Many  of  the  not  e  e  :  which  the.  mi..  Benjamin  Statham-  stated  that  he  was  the  proprietor  of  AN  INCORRIGIBLE.  -A  lad  ..named  Thomas  Shaw,  was  PUBLISHING  OFFICES,  _  v.  }  CH  puso  sci  ,  ,  of  privilege,  and  demand  of  Mr  Hudson  li•  1  •  '  '  e  consequence  ofethe  impurities  of  the  •gold,  'obtained.  The  parliament,  a  full  discl  f  .  ~  mis  p  ace  in  prisene  hed  succeeded  in  passing  were  clumsy  counterfeits,  the  omnibus  in  question,  and  the  youeg  man  who  was  driting  charged  with  stealing  a  pair  of  'sugar-tongs.  from  his  own  v  A  vp_trooL,  19,  sotrrn  JonN_  f  11  ,  NCHESTER,9,  PRINCESS  ST•  O  ri  Dolfrwynogegave  a  produce  of  1  . STYLE=superscript  oz  of  geld  to  the  ton.  -Since  'stated  that  private  or  osygo  the  facts,  We  have  repeatedly  g(4  up  in  a  Way  to  .  preeent  an  appearance  of  having  been  s  wag  18  years  of  age  and  Was  his  SOD;  HO  could  drive  per-  father's  house.  The  father,  a  ,  decently-attired,person,  ia-  -  i.fo.,  n  et  Mr.  Berdan's  arrivalin  this  country  about  iqo  diffeeentgritish  out  of  the  hand§  e  i  e  threal  w  .  ai  bills  should  be  taken  entirely  senile  time  - STYLE=superscript  iu.circielation.  The  police  apprehended  the  wife  f  ea  tly  we  ll  ;  hd  eves..  well:able  toepull  up,  and  .was  a  steady  formed,  the  bench,  that  heivas.  sorry  to  say  thathe  could  not  Pri  d  d  Published  b  CHARLES  WILLie  ~  ,,ei  ,  ores  have  been  operated  on.  In  55  of  these  gold  was  found  e  f.ia  tinsir  fol.'  the'  '  corrUe  t  ers  ,  ethee,.  ap  .  they  forneede  feeght-  at  the  time  of  their  visit,  and  subsequently  hee  hueband  lad.  The  break  had  beefe  .  out  'et  order,.  e  laut  had-  been  do  anything  with  the  prisoner  1V)H1  Lad  robbed  him-„and  rite  an  ~  y  G  r.. STYLE=superscript  a  Printina  and.  0  7  to  exist  varying  from  the  merest  trace  of  the  precious  metal  that  the  public  will  e  P  ion  of  parliment  ;  and  we  do  hoae  surrendered  himself.  Five  or  six  of  the  cases  have'  been  repaired  since.  Mr.  Heath,  'surgeon,  stated  that  the  also  attempted.  to  injure  the  person  IoP  whom  he  ethe  &amp;thee)  Oxfierel-etreete  •at  hes  ener  L  iaer  po  i  _  th  Jolm-street,  i  8  00,  i  11  ounces  to  the  tons  which  Mr.  Hudson  h  nergetically  follow  up  the  scent  of  P  as  drawn  the  traili--Dispatch  roved.  The  prisoner  made  .no  defence.  His  wife  was  deceased  died  * STYLE=superscript  from  a  compound  fracture  of  the  right  leg  and  was  employed,  The  onlv  person  who  had  witnessed  the  FA  remanded  at  large:  Lt.  ...--  0  A.,  ~  cr  ,1.  •..1  -I.  ii  ,  tablishment,  19,  Sou  __  _  ,-,  -rs  1  A._  i  :  ht  ,  .1  'et  FORGERIES  ON  THE  BANK  OF  ENGLAND.-012  Saturday,  a  young  man  named  John  Wilson  was  committed  for  trial  by  the  Sheffield  magistrates  for  uttering-  forged  notes  on  the  Bank  of  England.  During  the  past  twelve  months  repeated  instances  have  occurred  of  bad  notes  being  passed  upon  the  tradesmen  of  the  town,  and  more  than  a  dozen  cases  have  come  to  the  knowledge  of  the  police.  The  trick  was  the  same,  in,  every  instance,  and,  from  th  e  s  t  a  t  ements  o  f  t  h  e  vic victims,  tims, victims,  it  was  clear  that  the  utterer  was  the  same  individual  in  all  cases.  The  busiest  hour  on  the  Saturday  evening  ,was  generally  selected  for  the  accomplishment  of  his  purpose,  He  would  then  present  himself  at  the  shop  of  some  butcher  or  grpcer,  with  . STYLE=superscript  face  begrimed  as  though  just  come  from  work,  and  telling  a  plausible  story  to  account  for'  possession  of_  the  note,.  offer  to  make  so  me  s  li  g  ht  purchase  t  o  ge  t  it  changed.  His  arts  were  generally  successful  ;  but-  in  one  instance,  where  the  counterfeit  was  detected,  the  fellow  left  the  note  in  the  hands  of  the  shopkeeper  and  took  to  his  heels,  whilst  the  tradesman  made  an  entry  in  his  ledger  of  the  eir eir-enmstance,  -enmstance, eir-enmstance,  along  with  such  u  description  of  the  man  as  would  .enable  him  to  speak  to  his  identity  at  any  -future  time.  Notwithstanding  these  repeated  frauds,  the*  guilty  party  eluded  detection  until  this  week.  The  police  then  obtained  information  which  induced  them  to  visit  a  low  house  in  a  '  back  street  of  the  town,  shortly  after  the  postman  •  had  been  seen  to  deliver  letter  there.  They  were  admitted  by  the  wife  of  Wilson,  who  made  - STYLE=superscript  an  attempt  to  burn  the  letter,  but  was  preVented  -by  inspector,.Linley,  who,  with  Considerable  difficulty  got  it  from  her.  The'  letter  was  addressed  to  John  Wilson,  28;  Sims-croft,  and  bore  the  Birmingham  post  mark.  It  contained  two  forged  Bank  of  England  notes,  and  the  following  curious  specimen  of  the  sir  i  ham  very  (sorry)  it  was  My  fault  1  COuld  not  send'  them  sooner  but  i  hope  thes-Will  be  soone  a  not  for  you  i  shall  be  very  glad  to  heer.of  you  duing  Whell  Write  to  yr  Brother  for  sertin  next  monday  send  me  all,  the  nuse  you  can.  *good  -  The  notes  were  numbered  46505  and  56045,  bore  date  12th  April,  1863,  and  were  signed  For  the  governor  and  company,  J.  yautin.  In  these  instances  the  imitation  of  the,  genuine  note  was  very  though  from  , STYLE=superscript  the  roughness  of  the  water  mark,  and  its  indentation  on  the  paper,  it  was  -  ap apparent  parent apparent  that  it  had  been  obtained,  by  stamping,  -while  the  paper  was  in  wet.  state.  Many  of  the  notes  which  the.  prisoner  had  succeeded  in  passing  were  clumsy  counterfeits,  got  up  in  a  way  to  present  an  appearance  of  having  been  some  time  in  circulation.  The  police  apprehended  the  wife  at  the  time  of  their  visit,  and  subsequently  her  husband  surrendered  himself.  Five  or  six  of  the  cases  have'  been  proved.  The  prisoner  made  no  defence.  His  wife  was  remanded  at  large;  THE  FOG  ON-THE'  CLYDE.--No  fewer  than  fourteen  steamers  all_  due  on  Saturday  afternoon  or  evening,  only  reached  the  Bromielaw  yesterday  morning,  being  detained  by  the'density  of  the  fog  on  the  Firth  and  the  river.  .From  the  same  canse,  forty  sail,  exclusive  of  four  steamers,  were  preventscl  from  cledrin  , STYLE=superscript  out  on  Saturday;  bat  they  all  got  under  weigh  yesterday  forenoon.  AN  OLD  MAN  RUN  OVER'  BY  AN  OMNIBUS  IN  MAN MANRE,TER.,--AU  RE,TER.,--AU MANRE,TER.,--AU  inquest  was  held  on  Saturday,  before  Edward  Herford,  Esq.,  Coroner  of-  the  city  of  Manchester,  at.  the  Royal  Infirmary,  touching  the  death  of  Samuel  Wortley,  late  df  GaYthorne-street,  dyer,'-aged  71  years.—William  Chester,  of  Lombard-street,  hawker,  stated  that  on  Friday  afternoon  he  had  been  speaking  to  a  person  named  James  Flitaoft,  at  the  corner  of  Fleet4treet,  Deansgate,  when  two  omnibuses  were  passing  from  Hulme  into  Market-street.  The  deceased:was  coming  across  Deansgate  to:  where  he  stood,land  had  Waited  for  the  firSt  omnibus  to  pass,  and  was  trying  to  pass  by  the  second,  but  the  omnibus  come  too,  quickly  and  kno3ked  him  down.  The  deceased,  who  could  hardly  walk,s  was'  limping,  and  put  up  his  hand,  upon  which  the  driver  saw  him  and  pulled  up  the  horses  all  he  could.  It  was  the  young  man  present  (John  Statham)  who  was  driving.  Tha  omnibus  went  on  about  three  yards  after  one  of  the  wheels  went  over  the  deceased.  The  omnibus  was  going  at  a  moderate  pace.  There  were  12  or  13  yards  between  the  two  omnibuses.  The  deceased  was  carried  into  a  druggist',  shop,  and  afterwards  removed  to  the  Infirmary  in  a  coach.  Mr.  Benjamin  Statham  stated  that  he  was  the  proprietor  of  the  omnibus  in  question,  and  the  young  man  who  was  driving.  was  18  years  of  age  and  was  his  son;  lle  could  drive  per perfectly  fectly perfectly  well  ;  he  /was  well  able  to  pull  up,  and  was  a  steady  lad.  The  break  had  beea  out  of  order  *  ,  but  had  been  repaired  since.  Mr.  Heath,  surgeon,  stated  that  the  deceased  died'from  a  compound  fracture  of  the  right  leg  and  fracture  of  the  ribs.—Verdict,  accidental  death..  HE  ______,,ist.lieris.si'et.iriv.:cc.  7rel.ollC.taerpi°'rs,  Pre8t072....  •  •  •  •  •  11 STYLE=superscript  .  1 STYLE=superscript  ,,,t0  r STYLE=superscript  1l  34 STYLE=superscript  i  r  0e  WlllllO3l  RtittedrlL.  •  •  .  •  •  lir.  itizil  e  o  .  ro  ,  Rochdale..  •  •  •  •  •  ..  d STYLE=superscript  -i  s STYLE=superscript  'i  - STYLE=superscript  igl  i  ftiil  6 STYLE=superscript  '  NCillialsoboiel,,  St.  lielens.  .....  Iser  e STYLE=superscript  0  14  1 STYLE=superscript  '  1 STYLE=superscript  1  . STYLE=superscript  Southport.....  .....  1  .  1 STYLE=superscript  .  -  t  - STYLE=superscript  iel  sal  S  jy  to  ig  ek  a  p;  :  r  ..  t  .....  ..  ..  .•  .•  ...  j  rarsti.;o„it.l,oo4:,  ing'Lk  „„cl  wWiogoaltno.n.......  ......  ..  1111  II  re  :  ..  srit.  afolie,  l'i'  l°ll STYLE=superscript  PUBLISHING  OFFICES,  Wi  CHARLES  01.  ,IVERPOOL,  19,  SOUTH  JoriN  Sr.  ?UHL'S ?UHL'S.  . ?UHL'S.  MA  NCHESTER,g,  PRINCESS  ST.  JJJ  f  0,  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  :WlLL3filst;tiob4eri  Oxfbrd-Street,  at  his  General  Printing  .  afl  d STYLE=superscript  i  .  Establishment,  19,  South  Joh  n-street, STYLE=superscript  Licerpoo_..o,  WEDNESDAY,  DECEMBER  141  le°  •  AN  INCORRIGIBLE.  —A  lad  named  Thomas  Shaw,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  pair  of  sugar-tongs  from  his  own  father's  house.  The  father,  a  decently-attired  person,  in informed,  formed, informed,  the  bench,  that  he  was,  sorry  to  say  that  he  could  not  do  anything  with  the,  prisoner,  who  bad  robbed  him,  and  also  attempted  to  injure  the  person  by  whom  he  (the  father)  was  employed,  The  only  person  who  had  witnessed  the  theft  was  a  younger  brother.  The  property  not  having  `ea  the  4  t  ,  fuadY  4  ‘' STYLE=superscript  ;:el  'Nvayda;  4al  P4_TB00009 once  100,-  f  f  a  t  it  icas,l3°'  It STYLE=superscript  l  y  tracsaetl  purchasedP  Ore  b  o STYLE=superscript  un  ht STYLE=superscript  L STYLE=superscript  ey  I  articlesGT  the  East  J);  le  furtbereol  tha  t  sey.  r  sent  to  ist  ti STYLE=superscript  oo  t  i  gave  „  i  t  o  lting  3  1,4  iat  the  -  el,  wheo  him,  ktioe'o  hild's  boil!  ich  a  p  ie STYLE=superscript  4  l STYLE=superscript  e  ef STYLE=superscript  ths'  iniPrist"
