text
"TWO  DAYS  LATER.  We  have  received  the  following  additional  news  by  telegraph,  from  our  private  correspondent  in  New  York.  NEW  YORK,  NOVEMBER  10th,  1853  Since  the  departure  of  the  Niagara  from  Boston  no  political  news  of  importance  has  transpired.  The  stock  market  has  been  more  buoyant,  and  prices  have  had  rather  an  improving  tendency.  Quotations  generally,  however,  are  not  absolutely  higher.  There  has  been  very  little  business  done  in  foreign  exchange,  and  the  quotations  on  London  stand  at  109  k.  The  cotton  market  is  steady,  and  prices  firm.  Money  is  easier,  but  the  demand  continuing  active  there  is  no  change  in  the  rate  of  interest.  The  steamer  Franklin  arrived  here  this  morning  from  Southampton,  and  her  ad advices  vices advices  have  caused  a  further  advance  in  the  price  of  flour,  and  given  an  additional  impetus  to  the  move movements  ments movements  of  exporters.  The  steamer  George  Law,  which  left  Aspinwall  on  the  31st  of  Oct.  with  the  Califor California  nia California  mails  and  100,000  dollars  in  gold  dust,  has  arrived  here.  The  Star  of  the  West,  from  San  Juan,  has  also  arrived.  Another  telegraphic  despatch  reports  that  the  result  of  the  New  York  State  election  was  a  victory  to  the  Whigs,  and  the  Democrats  had  carried  New  Jersey.  The  Neapolitan  Minister,  Signor  MARTI  CELLI,  had  died  at  his  official  residence.  The  British  steamer  Lima  arrived  at  Panama  on  the  16th  of  October  with  260,000  dollars,  and  ad advices  vices advices  from  Valparaiso  to  the  Ist  inst.,  and  Callao  to  the  10th.  At  Valparaiso  business  was  brisk,  with  flour  selling  at  nine  dollars  and  a  half  per  barrel.  Freights  to  England  ranged  from  four  to  four  pounds  five  shillings,  and  to  California  nineteen  dollars.  Several  vessels  had  arrived  from  England.  The  Chilian  mining  operations  were  prosperous,  and  the  country  tranquil.  The  pros prospects  pects prospects  of  the  wheat  crop  in  the  south  were  excel excellent.  lent. excellent.  In  Peru  all  was  quiet,  and  there  was  no  pros prospect  pect prospect  of  a  war  with  Brazil.  Advices  from  Hamilton  (Bermuda),  of  November  1,  report  the  yellow  fever  as  still  prevailing  with  much  virulence.  The  men  belonging  to  the  56th  Regiment  had  suffered  severely.  The  wife  of  Receiver-General  Smith  had  died  of  the  disease."
