text
"NORTH  LANCASHIRE  THE  PRESTON  CHRONICLE,  which  has  been  established  nova&amp;  of  40  years,  has  a  !Urge  cireniatisn  among  all  el  in  tie  towns  of  Preston,  illstliburo  •  Dinners.  Clitheroc.  Accrington,  Patllhatn,  llaslingden,  Fleetwood.  Kirktarn,  Poulton,  Illackpool.  Lytham,  thirsting,  i  ancestor,  ChM.  ley.  Wigan.  Ormakirk,  Southport.  &amp;c.  Asc.,  as  well  A.  snionf  agricultural  population  or  the  Fylile  and  West  Lancashire.  and  the  magiatracy  and  gentry/if  the  entire  county.  especially  among  !hoed  ot  the  norihetn  di  t  i  s  i  on  .  7'lie  is  One  i  vel;ent  medium  for  advertlsernents,  which  ate  Ititerted  on  moderate  tet  nth  the  who  Is  amount  Or  the  duty  tiring  allowed  to  the  public.  Lr  order  to  •fford  facilities  toe  lupe  class  whom  the  rompsratirely  high  prices  sit  advertisements  have  hitherto  plohibited  frcsnavailing  tl  em.  selsca  of  the  best  way  of  missing  ihsir  wants  known,  on  advertiae•  insist  in  the  newspaper  Is  charism!  only  18.6  d.  for  advertisements  of  t STYLE=superscript  ines,  or  not  more  than  3ir  words;  and  2..  for  efght  lines.  or  ee  nabl  in  advance.  The  scale  or-words  Is  adopted  te  .ustance  to  arrompstry  thei  ostlers  for  advertise.  s  with  remittances  of  postage  Several  application,.  homing  been  made  fora  scale  of  charges  for  small  adveriliementa  to  appear  weekly,  to  allow  of  tradetmeo  and  '  w  their  addresses  or  other  announcements  regularly  1.11  .  wing  very  low  others  her  before  the  .„..  wale  of  charges  for  such  advertisements,  when  piiTilquar  ' STYLE=superscript  t;;l  i STYLE=superscript  y,  In  idvance:—  3  a  nd  4  Published  by  Dobson  •nd  Non.  Prestos  r  IIIE  NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE,  and  Advertiser  for  the  Principalities.  Publif.hed  at  nuog.r.  every  FRIDAY  EVENING  In  tlm•  for  the  early  posts  and  vx  tensivelyclrculatedevery  SATURDAY  MORNING,  througlh.  but  the  Mx  Northern  Counties,  In  Cardiganahlre,  sud  In  England,  Itel.ind,  and  Scotland,  Is  the  brat  medium  for  the  Publication  of  Ada  ertlasments,  being  read  by  all  pantie.,  on  account  Vibe  spirited  and  Independent  tone  of  Its  Leading  Articles,  the  extent  and  accuv  racy  of  Its  Local  Reports,  and  the  variety  and  comprehensiveness  of  It.  Foreign  and  Dontestle  Intel  ilgence,  its  Original  Corresponde  nt  e.  .  Its  rellutle  acrounts  of  the  Corn  and  Cattle  Markets,  and  other  Intur Inturmatlon  matlon Inturmatlon  suitable  to  the  great  Interests  of  the  Count  t  y  $  and  t  irculatlng  Oddly  amongst  the  classes  who  have  property  to  dispose  Oland  ability  to  purchase.  Offensive  bledicelAdvertisemeols  ere  excluded  from  11r  column,.  The  charges  for  prepelii  Advertisements  ■re—two  lin.•r  I  lines,  Is.  dd.;  ►lt  lines,  2s.  ;  nine  Uses,  Vs.  dd,  ;  twelve  lines,  Ss.  fifteen  lines,  3s.  6d.  i  eiglitern  lines,  45.;  twenty.one  lines,  4s.  6d.1  and  dd.  for  every  two  lines  additional.  The  N  ORTH  WALKS  Clint/NU:LK  was  eatehllshed  In  the  year  I  itn.  unit  la  therefore  the  olds,'  piper  In  Ihe  dist,  h,  I,  end  her  been  very  greatly  enlarged  end  Improveti.  The  price  of  the  'NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE.  uostampest,  to  hr  had  at  the  otreo  to  Yana.  , STYLE=superscript  only.  is  :  4 STYLE=superscript  4d•  t  stamped,  to  be  had  of  the  aff  elite  to  the  various  towns,  or  directed  to  any  place,  41;k1.  ire  copy  ;  nineteen  attl  , STYLE=superscript  llugs  itiid  sixpence  per  annum,  In  *Avant  e  twenty-one  01111114  s  per  annum  on  credit.  The  NORTH  WALKS  Cli  RON  ICLK  is  duly  registered  subs  Post•ofce  for  all  portal  prlvll.  gra.  Ordersand  Adverliaemeata  are  reaperthillyaollelled  by  AROMA/3  ROBRRT  MARTIN.  Proprietor.  To  whom  all  Bank  and  Pnat-ofdee  orders  should  leinade  payable  ►11111:  NORTH  BRITISH  DARN  MAIL  is  now  reduced  in  price  (though  not  in  aim),  to  TWOPENCE,  UxsTamern;  THREEPENCE,  STAMPID  The  DAILY  MAll,  contains  all  the  News  of  the  day,  condensed  and:selected  thom  the  principal  newspapers,  as  well  an  correspondence  from  the  various  districts  of  the  country.  To  Local  News  of  every  kind  a  large  spare  is  devoted  ;  and  it  eontains  exclusively  the  Latest  Intelli Intelligence  gence Intelligence  from  all  parts  of  the  Continent  received  by  Submarine  Tc  legraph,  generally  a  day  in  advance  of  other  papers  It  has  been  tor  some  years  the  lending  and  most  influent  is  Journal  in  the  West  of  Scotland.  and  has  at  present  a  eir eirculat  culat eirculat  ion  greater  than  that  of  borne  of  the  London  111orniiig  Journals;  but  as  a  large  Increase  will  result  from  the  re reduction  duction reduction  In  price,  no  better  medium  exists  for  such  Adver Advertisements  tisements Advertisements  an  are  addressed  to  the  o  van  by  and  influential  classes  01  Glasgow,  and  the  wide  - STYLE=superscript  sp  read, STYLE=superscript  p  o STYLE=superscript  pniou,  manufacturing  districts  around  and  dependent  upon  the  western  Capital.  ;  l STYLE=superscript  it  T STYLE=superscript  i  d  o STYLE=superscript  ,  arrangeme  nt  sll  ip  l  a  c  esi  Iviierewißli  ln  a  ili,  made  v  ayel“  to  g  r  Stcani  n  i  l.,l“i  tit  Neil'tend,  the  MAIL  in  parcels,  u  nstan  ,  pe  d  ;  butt/  . STYLE=superscript  the  pobt..oflic  (  for  transmission,  the  Papers  must  be  statnpi  however  entitle  them  to  retransnik  '  for  a  limited  period  after  Publicm  i  ,  The  prim  , STYLE=superscript  of  the  Nolan  liltiTlsll  DAILY  MAIL  will  ix  DAILY  B  is  usud  which  u  ill,  n  WI  often  as  desired  UliSt  ainpvil  In  Advanci  144  .  Ii(1.  l'is.  Stampe,l,  In  Advance.  21s.  (kl.  20..  40..  For  a  Quartvr,..  a  Half-year  „  a  Year,  .....  :)7g.  ..b2s.  was.  .tags.  A  first-class  I  lady  Paper  can  thus  be  had  for  a  stain/  •  week,  and  to  a  club  of  lour  the  cost  will  be  only  dire  a  pence  each.  Orders  received  nt  the  h  1  A,,,  Oftiees Oftiees-142  -142 Oftiees-142  to  114,  UNION  STIIrIiT.  0t  , STYLE=superscript  48004.  14,  801:711  ST  ANDIi  rnv  sTHEET.  EDINBUROI  And  by  all  Country  Pews-airootl."
