text
"is  a  little  above  one  man  in  two  r  compan,  estimated  at  This  s  )ne  hundred  atement  placed  the  whole  ques-  before  the  country  in  an  intelligible  form  keeording  to  Sir  WILLIAM  CODRINGTON's  showing,  that  t  nnmber  of  crimes  of  drunkenness  was  the  above  one  man  in  twc  lays  per  company  timated  at  one  hundred  we  should  be  justified  in  inferring  that  each  company  would  be  drunk  in  less  than  two  hundred  days,  and  that  the  whole  army  would  be  tried  by  court courtthe  the courtthe  orderly  rooms  to  ,  or  appear  iat  period  to  [number  50,000  men,  anything  over  one  per  cent.  in  two  a  considerable  fraction  over  230  cases  of  drunkenness  in  the  ranks  each  day  —a  number  quite  sufficient  to  attract  considerable  attention  in  the  area  of  a  camp.  But,  Sir  WILLIAM  CODRINGTON  does  not  appear  to  have  been  impressed  with  the  full  magnitude  of  his  ures,  and  feeling  indignant  at  the  charge,  he  hurls  it  back  on  the  country  from  whence  it  came.  For  he  says  in  the  same  despatch,  doubt  there  are  many  facilities  in  all  these  open  crowded  camps  for  drunken  men  to  get  in  without  being  I:seen  ;  no  doubt  they  do  so  and  escape  observation.  But  suppose  we  dcuble,  or  treble,  the  amount  of  these  numbers  which  are  taken  from  official  returns,  and  I  suspect  the  army  will  bear  a  compaifson  with  many  towns,  many  villages,  and  many  populations  of  Great  Now,  we  have  too  much  respect  for  official  returns  to  think  of  doubling  or  trebling  em  to  justif  a  most  illtimed  comparison,  or  to  slur  over  the  demoralising  effects  of  a  long  season  of  inaction  on  the  part  of  a  British  army,  with  an  enemy  before  them,  whom  they  were  capable  of  attacking,  and  ought  to  have  defeated  if  not  anni annihilated.  hilated. annihilated.  If  Sir  WILLIAM  C3DRINGTON  is  not  to  blame  for  the  suspension  of  active  military  opera operations,  tions, operations,  which  is  the  true  source  of  the  evil  com complained  plained complained  of,  it  must  be  attributed  to  the  political  spirit  which  directs  the  war,  and  not  to  the  natural  viciousness  of  the  British  soldier,  or  people  from  whose  numbers  our  heroic  armies  are  taken.  If  we  were  to  double,  or  treble,  the  number  of  cases  of  drunkenness  in  our  army,  we  should  have  the  whole  camp  reeling  in  one  hun  dred  days,  and  the  whole  army  tried  by  court courtmartial,  martial, courtmartial,  or  passed  through  the  orderly  rooms  every  six  or  eight  weeks.  We  can  scarcely  believe  this  is  the  impression  Sir  WILLIAM  CODRINGTON  wished  to  make  on  the  public  mind  at  home.  When  drunkenness  first  appeared  in  the  ranks  under  his  command,  why  did  he  not  prohibit  the  sale  of  spirits  and  intoxi•  eating  drinks?  and,  instead  of  punishing  men  for  drinking  maddening  and  poisonous  liquors,  inflict  heavy  fines  on  their  vendors,  and  banish  them  from  the  Crimea?  A  Commander-i  Chief  has  the  power  of  doing  this;  and  where  it  is  not  done,  every  reasonable  man  will  see  where  the  blame  lies.  Let  tho  soldier  have  every  comfort,  every  neces necessary,  sary, necessary,  his  extra  pay,  his  rational  amusement,  but,  in  the  name  of  all  that  is  just,  cut  off  that  which  injures  his  health,  undermines  his  moral  courage,  Ind  exposes  him  to  the  horrors  of  the  lash,  and  an  ignominious  death  for  neglect  of  the  sacred  duty  antrusted  to  him,  when  on  duty  as  a  sentinel,  or  when  called  upon  to  take  his  place  in  the  moment  Df  battle.  Military  commanders  in  the  present  lay  may  well  copy  the  Great  where  a  country's  militar  presto  lie  field  is  concerned  ;  and  in  dispensing  rith  the  lash,  they  need  not  be  at  all  afraid  f  following  the  example  of  the  late  Lord  RAGLAN.  That  humane  man  conducted  the  whole  siege  rting  to  corporeal  punishment  ;  and  in  the  immediate  presence  of  foreigners,  amongst  whom  the  lash  is  not  known,  we  think  its  use  is  very  inexpedient.  It  has  already  led  to  one  mutiny  in  a  regiment  of  the  G'rman  legion,  on  board  a  transport  bound  for  the  East;  and  if  we  are  to  have  camps  composed  of  different  nations,  'stand 'standing  ing 'standing  side  by  side,  we  must  endeavour  to  assimilate  our  punishments  to  those  of  equally  warlike  countries—if  our  alliance  is  to  be  looked  upon  as  barely  respectable.  The  charge  of  drunkenness  against  our  army  did  not  originate  in  these  columns  ;  and  we  have  waited  impatiently  for  some  days  for  our  cotemporary,  the  London  Times,  to  answer  SIR  WILLIAM  CODRINGTON9  on  behalf  of  its  Crimean  correspo  n  d  ent.  But  since  the  leading  has  not  deigned  to  use  the  Commander-in-Chief's  statistic,  to  prove  the  truth  of  its  correspondent's  allegations,  we  could  nolonger  resist  noticing  the  official  disclosures,  and  pointing  out,  what  we  humbly  conceive  to  be,  the  natural  remedy  for  the  extraordinary  evils  our  cotempo cotemporary  rary cotemporary  was  the  first  to  bring  to  light.  without  res"
