text
"CORTH  LANCASHIRE  THE  PRESTON  CHRONICLE,  which  has  '►lished  upwards  of  40  years,  has  a  large  been  c  I  classes  in  the  towns  of  Preston,  Blackburn,  rington,  Padiham,  Haslingden,  Fleetwood,  clipool.  Lytham,  Garstang,  Lancaster,  Chor Chor,  , Chor,  Southport,  &amp;c.  &amp;c.,  aq  well  a%  among  the  of  the  Fylde  and  West  Lancashire,  and  the  gentry  of  the  entire  county,  especially  among  those  hern  division.  The  Chronicle  is  thus  an  excellent  r  advertisements,  which  are  Inserted  on  moderate  terms,  the  wh  , STYLE=superscript  le  amount  of  the  duty  being  allowed  to  the  public.  In  order  to  afford  facilities  to  a  large  class  whom  the  comparatively  high  - STYLE=superscript  '^A  --- STYLE=superscript  ---- STYLE=superscript  nts  have  hitherto  pi  ohibited  fromavailing  ti  em ems  s ems  known,  an  advertise-  gan,  Ormskirli  MR.  HODGKINS  will  SELL  b  y  AUCTIO  N,  on  Wednesday,  the  30th  instant,  at  One  o'clock  in  the  afternoon,  at  the  Clarendon-rooms,  South  Johri.streer,  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  in  the  following  or  such  other  lots  as  shall  e  agreed  i•pon  at  the  time  of  sale,  and  subject  to  such  conditions  as  shall  be  then  and  there  produced.  Lot  I.  All  that  piece  of  LIND,  situate  on  the  north  side  of  Sea Seacombe-street,  combe-street, Seacombe-street,  in  Everton,  containing  In  front  thereto,  including  one-half  of  the  width  of  a  common  passag.e.  of  4  feet  wide  on  the  east  side  thereof,  93  feet  11  inches  or  thereabouts,  and  running  in  a  northerly  direction  along  Great  Homer-street  58  feet  4  inches  or  thereabouts,  then  running  eastwardly  83  feet  or  thereabouts,  and  ru  , STYLE=superscript  ning  on  the  east  side  long  the  said  passage  57  feet  10i  inches  or  thereabouts,  and  containing  in  the  whole  567  superficial  sqna  , STYLE=superscript  e  yards  or  thereabouts  ;  together  with  the  HOUSE  and  SHOP  i  front  of  Great  homer-street.  and  the  House  and  Shop  and  Bakery  at  the  corner  of  Great  Homer-street  and  Seacombe-street,  and  the  four  Houses  in  front  of  Seacomhe-street,  now  in  the  respective  occupations  of  Mr.  Kaye,  Mr.  Horrocks,  Mr.  Cuishaw,  Mr.  Bud Buddie,  die, Buddie,  Mr.  Darby,  and  Mr.  Jones,  and  producing  an  aggregate  -el  13.  All  that  Piece  of  LAND,  situate  on  the  south  side  of  Ever Ever..ontaining  ..ontaining Ever..ontaining  in  front  thereto  and  at  the  back  severally  outs,  and  in  depth  on  the  east  and  west  sides  .crally  to  James-street  g  6  feet  or  thereabouts,  and  containing  in  the  whole  394  square  yards  or  thereabouts;  together  with  the  Two  DWELLING-HOUSES  thereon  erected,  now  in  the  respective  occupat  , STYLE=superscript  ons  of  Mrs.  Samuel  and  Mr.  Surr,  and  producing  an  aggregate  rental  of  £5l.  The  Tenure  of  both  lots  is  Freehold  of  Inheritance.  For  further  particulars  apply  to  Messrs.  Evans  &amp;  Son,  solicitors,  Commerce  -court,  Lord-street,  Liverpool.  We  are  glad  to  hear  that  Lord  Adolphus  Fitzclarence  continues  to  improve  in  health,  and  there  is  good  ground  for  hoping  that  he  will  recover.  Lord  Canning,  the  new  Governor-General  of  India,  was  still  in  Upper  Egypt,  at  the  latest  date,  and  the  Feroze,  which  is  to  convey  his  lordship  to  Bombay,  was  expected  to  arrive  at  Suez  early  in  January.  The  railway  between  Cairo  and  Alexandria  is  now  open  to  general  trafoc,  and  passengers  come  down  in  seven  hours,  the  only  break  on  the  line  being  on  the  Rosetta  branch  of  the  Nile,  where  the  ferry  is  not  yet  completed.  Lord  Panmure,  Secretary  of  State  for  War,  has  been  suffering  for  some  days  past  from  an  attack  of  gout.  The  attack  is  a  very  severe  one,  and  has  affected  the  right  hand.  The  attack  prevented  his  lordship  from  attending  the  Cabinet  Council  of  Friday.  Major  Blackall,  Governor  of  Dominica,  and  late  M.P.  for  Longford,  has  resigned  his  commission  in  the  Royal  Long Longford  ford Longford  Rifles;  also  Captain  E.  M'Evoy,  Longford  Rifles,  on  election  for  Meath  county.  Colonel  White,  it  is  also  stated,  will  appoint  his  son  to  the  majority  of  the  Longford.  The  Austrian  Consul  at  Jerusalem  has  received  from  his  Government  a  very  large  sum  for  the  erection  within  the  walls  of  the  town  of  consular  buildings,  an  hospice,  and  a  palace  for  the  Archbishop  of  Vienna.  The  Latin  Patriarch  is  building  a  palace  for  himself  and  a  college  at  Beit  Sala,  near  Bethlehem.  We  understand  that  Sir  James  Alexander  Gordon,  Governor,  Sir  John  Carroll,  Lieutenant-Governor,  and  Sir  Wat  kin  Pell,  one  of  the  Commissioners  of  Greenwich  Hos Hospital,  pital, Hospital,  are  about  to  be  removed  from  the  active  list  of  Admirals,  on  account  of  their  holding  permanent  civil  situations.  Sir  Augustus  Clifford,  Usher  of  the  Black  Rod,  is  also  to  be  put  on  the  retired  list.  A  service  of  plate  was  presented  to  Mr.  Buckstone  on  New  Year's-day  by  every  person  engaged  at  the  Haymarket  Theatre.  It  was  the  665th  night  of  the  season,  the  theatre  having  been  only  closed  on  nights  prescribed  by  law  since  Mr.  Buckstone's  management.  The  present  was  accom accompanied  panied accompanied  by  a  very  handsome  letter  from  Mr.  Chippendale  on  the  part  of  the  company,  which  elicited  a  cordial  response  from  the  gratified  lessee.  The  Daily  Hews  says  :—We  are  informed  that  the  Russian  answer  contains  the  Emperor's  distinct  refusal  to  surrender  any  portion  of  the  territory  of  the  empire  which  he  has  inherited  the  duty  of  defending.  It  is  declared  that  the  successes  of  the  allies  do  not  justify  them  in  demanding  this,  as  they  do,  in  asking  a  rectifi rectification  cation rectification  of  the  frontier.  On  the  one  hand  the  Allies,  and  on  the  other  Russia,  have  gained  advantages  which  qualify  both  sides  to  make  concessions.  The  Austrian  government,  we  are  assured,  will  not  maintain  Count  Esterhazy  at  St.  Petersburg  beyond  the  term  fixed  for  the  acceptance  or  rejection  of  the  bases  of  peace,  viz:,  Friday,  the  18th  instant.  BERLIN,  SUNDAY.—The  reply  to  the  proposals  of  which  Count  Esterhazy  was  the  bearer,  addressed  from  St.  Petersburg  to  Vienna  accepts  in  principle  those  proposals.  The  Imperial  Cabinet  of  Russia  does  not  introduce  therein  any  modification  of  signifi.  cance.  It  refu  ses  th  e  terr  i  torial  cession  demandd  in  Bessarabia.  It  consents  to  the  exchanges  of  the  terri territories  tories territories  respectively  occupied  by  the  belligerents.  Count  Buol  has  rejected  the  counter-propositions  of  the  Imperial  Cabinet  of  Russia  without  discussion.  At  the  same  time  that  he  made  Prince  Gortschakoff  aware  of  a  probable  speedy  rupture  of  diplomatic  relations  between  the  Courts  of  Russia  and  of  Austria,  Count  Buol  n  itified  to  the  Cabinets  of  Paris  and  London  that  Austria  would  not  take  the  field  this  year  !—Le  Hord.  The  Times  in  a  review  of  the  state  of  things  presented  by  the  Russian  reply  and  counter-propositions  terminated  its  article  with  the  following  observations  :—We  are  now  in  a  position  to  make  a  peace  tolerably  satisfactory  to  ourselves,  but  most  injurious  to  Austria  and  Scandi Scandinavia.  navia. Scandinavia.  We  have  the  power,  and  the  right,  to  stipulate  that,  if  we  reject  this  tempting  offer  we  shall  be  sup supported  ported supported  heartily  in  the  ensuing  war  by  those  powers  to  whose  interests  a  peace  so  obtained  would  be  fatal.  The  turn  affairs  have  taken  makes  us,  if  we  so  please  it,  masters  of  the  position.  We  must  either  make  war,  with  Austria  and  Scandinavia  to  back  us,  or  make  peace  without  them.  Any  other  method  of  settling  the  question  would  be  to  forego  a  manifest  advantage.  Russia  meant,  undoubtedly,  to  sever  us  from  our  Allies,  but  she  has  given  us  the  opportunity  of  uniting  the  alliance  more.  closely  than  ever,  by  using  the  proposal  she  has  made  to  us  with  a  view  of  promoting  disunion  and  discord,  as  a  means  of  enforcing  the  most  entire  unity  of  action,  ,  under  penalties  of  isolation  and  dftngcr,"
