text
"CALLING  AT  MALTA  AND  SYRA,  EGYPTIAN  WM.  M‘MICKEN,  Commander,  Is  Intr.-vied  to  sail  from  Wellington  Dock,  ou  WEDNESDAY,  the  13th  February  FREIC  ars  ta  Malta,  Syra,  Saionica,  ConstantintpYe,  cnd  Smyrna  —Fine  goods,  grey  goods,  and  twist  goods,  55s  and  10  per  cent.  primage  ;  other  goods  as  per  agreement.  (1...‘11  Freights  must  be  paid  in  Liverpool.  To  prevent  the  possibility  of  after  discussion,  it  is  requested  that  Shippers  will  send  a  person  to  the  Quay  to  see  their  Goods  measured.  In  the  event  of  these  steamers  being  placed  in  Quarantine  at  any  port,  Cargo  will,  on  the  arrival  of  the  Steamer,  require  to  be  immediately  taken  away  and  transferred  to  another  Vessel  or  Depot,  to  perform  Quarantine,  at  the  expense  and  risk  of  the  Shippers  or  Consi  g  nees.  This  also  applies  to  Passengers.  Bills  of  Lading  are  required  to  be  at  the  Office  is  Liverpool  for  Signature  the  day  previous  to  sailing.  Goods  for  the  above-named  Ports  must  have  the  place  of  their  des destination  tination destination  distinctly  marked  on  them,  in  letters  of  not  less  than  two  inches,  otherwise  the  Agents  will  not  he  accountable  for  mistakes.  Shippers  will  please  send  a  Shipping  Note  with  each  cart-load  of  Goods.  For  freight  or  passage  apply  to  Lewis  Potter  &amp;  Co.,  Glasgow;  or  :re,  to  YOWLER  &amp;  DAGNALL,  4,  Tower-buildings  West,  THE  NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE,  and  Advertiser  for  the  Principalities.  Published  at  Bangor,  every  FRIDAY  EVENING  in  time  for  the  early  posts  and  ex  tensivelycirculated  every  SATURDAY  M  ORNI  NG,  through throughbut  but throughbut  the  Six  Northern  Counties,  in  Cardiganshire.  and  in  England,  Ireland,  and  Scotland,  is  the  best  medium  for  the  Publication  of  Advertisements,  being  read  by  all  parties,  on  account  of  the  spirited  and  independent  tone  of  its  Leading  Articles,  the  extent  and  accu accuracy  racy accuracy  of  its  Local  Reports,  and  the  variety  and  comprehensiveness  of  its  Foreign  and  Domestic  Intelligence,  its  Original  Correspondence,  its  reliable  accounts  of  the  Corn  and  Cattle  Markets,  and  other  infor information  mation information  suitable  to  the  great  interests  of  the  Country;  and  circulating  chiefly  amongst  the  :classes  who  have  property  to  dispose  of  and  ability  to  purchase.  Offensive  Medical  Advertisements  are  excluded  from  its  columns.  The  charges  for  prepaid  Advertisements  are—two  lines  is.;  three  lines,  Is. STYLE=superscript  6d.;  six  lines.  25.;  nine  lines,  2s.  6d.  ;  twelve  lines,  35,;  fifteen  lines,  3s.  6d.  ;  eighteen  lines,  45.;  twenty-one  lines,  4s.  6d.;  and  6d.  for  every  two  lines  additional.  The  NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE  was  established  in  the  year  1826,  and  is  therefore  the  oldest  paper  in  the  district,  and  has  been  very  greatly  enlarged  and  improved.  The  price  of  it,  VORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE,  unstampesl,  to  be  had  at  Lite  ct  e.!  Bangor  only,  is  :iid.  ;  stamped,  to  be  had  -  Noka  i STYLE=superscript  Vi  i STYLE=superscript  iN  n STYLE=superscript  VA  s STYLE=superscript  of  the  events  in  the  various  towns,  or  directed  to  any  place,  44d.  per  , STYLE=superscript  en  shilings  and  sixpence  per  annum,  in  advance;  ii  per  r STYLE=superscript  S  RoanCnHumoNn  I  c STYLE=superscript  C  re STYLE=superscript  L  d STYLE=superscript  E  it. STYLE=superscript  ily  to  John  The  is  duly  registe  re  d  a  t  th  e  The  for  all  postal  privileges.  irrell  Le;er  and'  Co.,  Westport;  to  John  ()mil  Lever,  Man.  Ordersand  Advertisements  are  respectfullysoliclted  by  Cheater  •  or  here  to  A  UGUSTUS  ROBERT  MARTIN,  Propriet  or  ,  DaWsoN  &amp;  CO.,  Redcross-street,  To  whom  all  Bank  and  rest-office  orders  oho  Id  be  made  payable  I  reanV.  STEAM  COMMUNICATION  BETWEEN  LIVERPOOL  AND  WESTPO  TR,  (WEST  COAST  OF  IRELAND).  The  splendid  and  powerful  steam-ships  -►  NORTHMAN,  .fyi  r  I  Captain  WILLIAMS  ;  EARL  OF  LUCAN,  Ca;ta;n  EVANS  ;  Or  other  first-class  steamers  are  intended  to  sail  as  follows  :  FROM  LIVERPOOL  (CLARENCE  BASIN),  Friday  The  owners  of  these  steamers  will  not  be  accountable  for  loss  or  damage  of  any  kind  sustained  by  live  stock,  nor  for  passengers'  lug luggage  gage- luggage  tor  parcels  above  the  value  of  X  5,  unless  booked  and  paldfor  according  to  their  value.  Cargo  received  at  the  south-east  corner  of  Vre;  Clarence  Basin,  Liverpool.  Freight  on  all  goods  r  ayable  on  delivery.  All  goods  from  the  country  intended  or  these  steamers  should  be  5  , STYLE=superscript  is  - STYLE=superscript  to  the  Waterloo  to  the  care  of  the  Lr.  conjunction  copy;  nil]  twenty-or  r  freight"
