text
"THE  DIPLOMATIC  DUEL,  A  duel  has  lately  taken  place  at  Madrid,  between  the  Mar Marquis  quis Marquis  de  Turgot,  the  French  ambassador,  and  Mr.  Soule,  the  American  minister  at  Madrid,  in  which  Lord  Howden  acted  as  second  to  the  Marquis  do  Turgot.  Another  duel  had  pre previously  viously previously  taken  placebetween  the  Duke  of  Alba  and  Mr.  Soule,  jun.,  son  of  the  minist  er  ,  ar  i  s  i  ng  out  o  f  t  h  e  quarrel  which  took  place  some  time  since  at  the  French  ambassador's  ball.  It  will  be  remembered  that  the  Duke  of  Alba  was  overheard  by  Mr.  Soule  speaking  disparagingly  of  the  dress  of  Madame  Soule,  whom  he  compared  to  Mary  of  Burgandy.  At  the  time  the  Duke  of  Alba  declined  the  cartel  sent  to  him  by  Mr.  Soule,  on  the  ground  that  the  quarrel  was  a  political  one  ;  but  since  then  he  seems  to  have  reconsidered  the  matter.  The  parties  fought  with  small  swords.  The  affair  lasted  three  quarters  of  an  hour.  At  length  Mr.  Soule  fell,  when  the  duke,  with  the  point  of  his  sword  to  his  breast,  forced  his  opponent  to  retract.  It  appears  that  the  duel  between  the  Marquis  de  Turgot  and  Mr.  Soule,  sen.,  originated  in  the  same  affair;  so  that  the  Duke  of  Alba,  by  one  joke  dbout  an  American  lady's  style  of  dress,  has  contrived  to  get  up  two  duels.  FURTHER  PARTICULARS.  An  account  of  a  duel  between  the  Dec  D'Alba  and  the  son  of  Mr.  Soule  has  been  going  the  round  of  the  papers,  but,  according  to  a  letter  in  the  Paris  Constitutionnel,  a  duel,  attended  with  more  serious  results,  has  taken  place  between  Mr.  Soule,  United  States  ambassador,  and  M.  Turgot,  the  French  ambassador.  It  is  stated  that  Mr.  Soule,  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  the  fracas  which  took  place,  as  already  known,  at  a  ball  given  by  the  French  ambassador,  thought  it  neces necessary  sary necessary  to  demand  satisfaction  from  M.  de  Target,  as  master  of  the  house.  A  meeting  took  place  with  pistols,  and  we  regret  to  say  that  M.  de  Turgot  received  a  ball  in  the  thigh,  about  four  inches  above  the  knee.  The  ball,  which  was  lodged  in  the  tendons  and  muscles,  had  not  been  extracted  when  the  account  left.  .  There  was  even  a  rumor  yesterday  in  Paris,  that  this  affair  had  led  to  another  duel  between  the  same  Mr.  Soule  and  the  Duo  D'  Alb  a.  COURT  OF  EXCHEQUER.  (Sittings  'at  the  Nisi  Prius,  before  the  LORD  CHIEF  BARON  and  a  Special  Jury,  at  Guildhall.)  HUNTER  V.  MILNE.  Mr.  Bramwell  and  Mr.  Manisty  were  counsel  for  the  plaintiff  :  Mr.  Sergeant  Shee  and  Mr.  Willes  were  counsel  for  the  defendant.  This  was  an  action  to  recover  £lOOO,  alleged  to  be  due  to  the  plaintiff  under  the  following  circumstances  :  In  1851,  the  plaintiff  chartered  a  vessel  called  the  Satisfaction  (then  on  a  voyage  to  Suez),  from  Suez  to  ports  in  the  eastern  Archipelago,  and  thence  to  Londbn.  The  defendant  was  the  broker,  by  whom  the  charter  was  negotiated  for  Mr.  Michael,  the  owner  •  and  application  having  been  made  to  the  plaintiff  for  an  advance  of  freight,  he  accepted  two  bills  of  £250  and  took  from  the  defendant  an  undertaking  that  the  ship  should  be  'further  insured,  and  that  the  policy  should  either  be  deposited  with  the:plaintiff  or  kept  in  the  defendant's  hands  on  account  of  the  plaintiff,  as  a  security  for  such  advances.  The  policy  in  question  was  effected,  but  was  not  deposited,  and  the  ship  having  been  lost,  the  plaintiff  demanded  his  policy,  but  was  met  by  a  statement  that  the  defendant  and  his  principal  expected  he  had  him himself  self himself  insured,  and  a  refusal  to  indemnify  the  plaintiff,who  had  renewed  ;.his  original  acc  e  pt  ances  ,  an  d  given  orders,  by  which  his  original,  liability  was  greatly  i  ncrease  d  .  The  defence  in  . STYLE=superscript  the  action  was  that  the  plaintiff  had  dis discharged  charged discharged  the  defendant  from  his  undertaking,  on  the  occa occason  son occason  of  his  soliciting  the  option  of  changing  the  course  of  the  voyage,  in  considerati  on  o  f  w  hi  ch  he  agreed  to  insure  the  vessel  himself.  The  case  occupied  the  greater  part  of  the  day,  and  some  hours  of  to-day,  and  eventually  terminated  in  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff  for  £750.  THE  ARMY.  It  has  been  finally  determined  to  reduce  the  leviathan  standing  army  at  present  held  in  Ireland,  and  the  infantry  regiments  now  under  ord  ers  f  or  f  ore  i  gn  service  will  only  be  relieved  in  most  instances  by  depots,  or  at  most  a  troop  of  cavalry.  The  cavalry  will,  however,  be  kept  up  to  its  pre present  sent present  strength,  although  of  consequence  they  will  be  more  dispersed.  (,Colonel  Roberts,  of  her  majesty's  98th  regiment,  has  been  before  a  court  of  inquiry,:cousistin  g  of  Colonels  Gough,  Brooke  and  Stewart,  upon  charges  which  arc  not  published  to  the  world,  but  which  report  gives  out  to  b  e  connected  with  having  intercourse  with  th  e  wives  of  men  u  n  d  er  hi  s  command.  The  result  of  the  investigation  has  been,  that  Sir  Gomm  has  allowed  the  colonel  to  retire  from  the  service  by  the  sale  of  his  commission.  The  charges  against  Colonel  Roberts  were  contained  in  a  letter  addressed  by  private  Haggard,  of  the  regime:A,  to  the  commander-in commander-inchief  chief commander-inchief  in  India.  We  understand  that  almost  every  infantr  y  regiment  now  stationed  in  the  land  are  un  d  er  or  d  ers  for  foreign  service,  whilst  orders  have  been  sent  to  every  corps  at  home,  cavalry  and  infantry,  to  hav  e  th  e  w  h  o  l  e  of  their  subalterns  examined  as  to  their  eligibility  and  fitness  for  promotion.  This  savours  much  of  2d  battalions,  and  10  troops  to  a  cavalry  regiment.  The  following  regiments  are  held  in  readiness  to  embark,  as,  follows  :  —l2th  regiment,  Ist  battalion,  at  Belfast,  and  the  46th  regiment  at  Dublin,  for  Van  Diemen's  Laud,  to  relieve  the  99th  ;  the  21st  fusiliers,  and  the  63d  regiment,  both  stationed  in  Dublin,  to  embark  for  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope  to  relieve  the  reserve  battalion  of  the  12th  regiment.  The  27th  regiment  now  at  Enniskillen  is  to  relieve  the  22d,  the  82c1,  at  Stirling,  to  replace  the  96th,  and  the  90th  light  infantry,  in  Dublin,  to  relieve  the  98th  regiment  in  the  Bengal  presidency.  The  35th,  royal  Sussex,  at  Ports Portsmouth,  mouth, Portsmouth,  to  replace  the  25th  or  King's  Own  Borderers  in  Madras.  The  Renfrewshire  Road  Trustees  have  made  arrange arrangements  ments arrangements  for  causing  all  the  bridges  through  that  county  free  Of  toll.  The  Barnett  Theological  premiums  to  be  or  rather  to  b  e  wr  i  tten  for  in  the  ensuing  year,  in  Scotland,  will  be  £1,600  for  the  first,  and  £BOO  for  the  second.  It  is  supposed  that  the  adjudication  will  be  necessarily  postponed  fo  a  year  and  an  h  a  lf.  LErcEsT  ER  TRADE  —There  is  rather  more  doing,  and  more  disposition  to  purchase  goods.  The  high  price  of  food,  it  is  fea STYLE=superscript  red)  will  lessen  the  demand  for  goods  for  home  consumption.  'When  bread  is  dear,  .the  Leicester  trade  always  suffers,  the  middle  and  working  classes  being  the  chief  purclia.sers.of  worsted  and  woollen  stockings.—Leicester  Chronicle.  HIGHLAND  WIT.—A  Highlander,  having  lately  observed  in  the  newspapers  that  the  Prince  of  Wales  was  styled  pre presumptive  sumptive presumptive  heir  to  the  crown,  was  struck  with  astonishment.  He  might  well  enough  be  called  a  presumptive  says  Donald,  I  hae  seen  him  mysel',  and  he  looks  a  presumptive  monkey  frae  the  sole  o'  his  foot  to  the  tap  o'  hiS  head.  But  a  presumptive  heir,  that  I  canna  Banphire  Journal.  A.  Facr  FOR  ORNITUOIOOISTS.—The  salubrity  of  the  Enzie  and  the  geniality  of  the  climate  in:this  quarter,  and  at  this  season,  is  again  verified  by  the  fact  that  another  curi curiosity  osity curiosity  has  to  be  added  to  the  chronicles  of  this  district,  in  the  shape  of  a  bi  r  d'  s  nest,  conta  i  ning  one  egg,  namely,  that  of  a  robin,  which  was  found  in  the  beginning  of  this  week  deposited  beside  a  turnip  in  a  field  belonging  to  Mr.  Turner,  at  Arradoull.  When  found,  the  egg  was  perfectly  fresh  and  warm.  The  boy  who  found  it,  with  a  desire  to  pre preserve  serve preserve  poor  robin's  untimely  wish  to  produce  its  like,  pulled  none  of  the  turnips  around  the  nest;  but  for  all  his  care,  the  poor  bird  forsook  its  nest,  the  next  day  the  egg  was  found  to  be  destroyed  by  the  frost.  The  nest  has  been  pre preserved,  served, preserved,  and  also  the  egg,  by  Mr.  T.,  with  whom  it  may  be  seen  by  those  curious  in  such  matters.  MAILS  FO  R  HELIGOLAND.—GENE  RAL  POST  OFFICE,  DE DECEMBER,  CEMBER, DECEMBER,  1853.—1  n  consequence  of  the  withdrawal  of  the  con contract  tract contract  mail  packets  between  London  and  Hamburg,  the  mails  for  Heligoland  can  no  longer  be  forwarded  by  those  packets,  as  hitherto.  The  correspondence  for  Heligoland  will  therefore  be  sent  in  future  by  private  ship  diirect,  or  via  Cuxhaven.  Let Letterg  terg Letterg  will  be  liable  to  a  postage  of  Bd.  the  half  ounce,  increasing  according  to  the  scale  for  charging  inland  letters.  Newspapers  will  be  chargeable  with  a  postage  of  one  penny  each,  if  sent  by  private  ship  direct  to  Heligoland,  and  with  a  rate  of  two  pence  each  if  sent  via  Cuxhaven,  Upon  both  letters  and  newspapers  thepostage  must  be  paid  in  advance.  Books,  magazines,  re•  views,  and  pamphlets  cannot  in  future  be  sent  to  Heligoland,  except  at  the  ordinary  sates  of  posta  g  e  charge  a  bl  e  f  or  l  etters.  GOLD  MINE  I  N  ENGLAND.  --A  discovery  of  gold  is  re reported  ported reported  at  East  Wheal  Russell,  near  Tavistock.  It  is  said  that  a  series  of  experiments  have  proved  that  the  gossan  contains  from  ono  to  two  ounces  of  gold  per  ton,  and  as  the  lode  is  a  very  large  one  (about  35  feet  wide),  and  the  gossan  holds  down  to  the  present  bottom  of  the  shaft  (72  fathoms),  the  length  of  the  sett  being  also  several  hundred  fathoms,  an  enormous  quantity  of  the  auriferous  mineral  is  said  to  exist  at  the  mine.  It  is  calculated  that  630,000  tons  of  the  gossan  are  already  dis discovered,  covered, discovered,  or  laid  open,  which,  at  an  average  of  only  half  an  ounce  per  ton,  would  give  315,000  ounces,  or  £1,260,000,  and  the  expenses  being  taken  at  £1  per  ton,  although  it  is  said  they  will  not  exceed  155.,  the  clear  profit  would  appear  to  be  £630,000.  MURDEROUS  ASSAULT  NEAR  BEIM  —Ol  the  night  o  Friday  last,  Elizabeth  Paterson,  a  young  woman,  who  acted  in  the  capacity  of  domestic  servant  at  the  farm  of  Highgate,  near  Bcith,  went  out  about  seven  o'clock.  At  ten  she  had  not  re returned  turned returned  ;  and,  supposing  her  out  with  a  sweetheart,  the  place  where  the  keys  of  the  different  out-houses  hung  was  examined.  when  it  was  found  that  the  key  of  a  house  connected  with  a  thrashing  mill,  which  stood  by  itself  a  considerable  distance  from  the  dwelling-house,  was  wanting.  Two  servant  men  belonging  to  the  establishment,  who  had  just  returned  from  spending  the  evening  in  a  neighbour's  house,  proceeded  to  the  building,  which  they  found  locked  ;  but  groans  were  heard  from  the  inside,  and,  on  obtaining  entrance  by  a  window,  they  found  the  girl  lying  insensible,  with  her  skull  dreadfully  smashed.  The  perpetrator  of  the  horrid  deed  appears  to  have  locked  the  door  afterwards  and  thrown  away  the  key,  as  it  was  found  a  few  yards  distant.  A  cast  metal  iron  bar,  about  two  feet  long  and  of  a  peculiar  form,  with  which  the  murderous  assault  had  been  committed,  was  found  on  the  outside  of  the  door.  The  bar  was  covered  with  blood  and  hair  ;  and  at  the  first  blow  it  appears  that  the  da  , STYLE=superscript  tarilly  assailant  had  pattly  Arm]:  the  wall  and  hriikeii  a  pie.  se  fin'  the  bar.  NN  hitch  uithillll.d.  No  trace  of  the  guilty  jarty  nt,  1...c0  hot  the  authorities  are  actively  engaged  in  hying  to  unravel  the  mystery.—N.  B.  Mail.  GREAT  FIRE  AT  A  PAPER  MANUFACTORY.  AT  ESHER,  Information  reached  London  at  a  late  hour  on  Saturday,  that  a  most  tremendous  conflagration  had  taken  place  at  Esher,  on  the  premises  of  Mr.  W.  McMurray  and  Cel,  about  18  miles  from  London.  The  first  intimation  given  was  from  a  drunken  min,  having  called  at  the  Watling-street  station  about  three  o'clock  in  the  morning,  but  after  repeated  questions  put  to  him,  his  authority  was,  as  a  matter  of  course,  doubted.  However,  as  is  usual  on  Saturday,  the  foremen  of  the  four  districts  of  the  London  Brigade  met  at  the  chief  station,  when,  from  the  intelligence  received  by  that  time  from  the  London  warehouses  of  the  firm  in  Queen-street,  Cheapside,  the  dread dreadful  ful dreadful  destruction  previously  announced  was  proved  to  be  too  true.  It  appeared  that  the  engines  from  Richmond,  Teddington,  Twickenham,  Esher,  and  others  from  private  resources,  were  sent  to  the  scene  of  the  fire,  and  fortunately,  there  being  large  tanks  of  water  at  hand  available  for  the  use  of  those  attending  the  engines,  every  effort  was  attempted  to  stop  the  progress  of  the  flames;  but  such  was  the  inflammable  nature  of  the  pro property  perty property  that  had  ignited,  and  the  fearful  progress  made  by  the  flames,  that  it  was  very  improbable  any  portion  of  the  great  establishment  could  be  save  d.  _  _  Mr.  McMurray's  establishment  is  insured,  but  notwithstand notwithstanding  ing notwithstanding  this  ho  will  have  to  sustain  great  inconvenience  and  loss  for  himself  and  workmen,  as  they  had  many  orders  on  hand  at  the  time  of  the  outbreak  of  the  Jim.  It  is  stated  that  the  fire  was  seen  at  Putney  this  morning  at  four  o'clock;  yet,  strange  to  say,  no  authentic  information  reached  the  London  establishment  and  West  of  England  autho authorities  rities authorities  till  about  midday,  and  then  only  by  the  mere  casual  ob observation  servation observation  of  a  passenger  by  the  South  Western  Railway.  The  lose  is  supposed  to  be  about  t  10,000.—London  Paper.  TRADE  AT  BELFAST.  -SATURDAY  YARN  TRADE.—The  demand  for  yarn  this  week  has  con continued  tinued continued  brisk,  as  is  usual  at  the  present  season  ;  no  change  in  value.  LINEN  TRADE.  —Sales  in  the  linen  trade  during  the  week,  but  especially  this  day,  were  rather  dull.  Stocks  of  light  yard yardwide  wide yardwide  cloth  are  getting  heavy;  the  demand,  however,  for  coarse  goods,  adapted  for  drying  and  brown  finishing,  is  much  better.  At  last  Ballymena  market,  the  supply  of  cloth  was  fair,  and  was  well  bought  up.  _  FLAX  TRADE.—Supplies  during  the  week  at  the  different  flax  markets  of  the  provinces  were  not  large,  the  general  quality  being  inferior.  At  Belfast  market,  on  Saturday  morning,  about  ten  tons  milled  ;  prices  10s.  to  16s.  per  241  lbs.  A  cargo  of  Riga  flax  was  offered  for  sale  by  public  auction,  yes yesterday,  terday, yesterday,  but  was  withdrawn  for  higher  prices.  PROVISION  TRADE  .—Supplies  of  pigs  for  this  week  have  considerably  fallen  off—the  number  being  4962  against  7557  carcasses  last  week  ;  and,  although  prices  of  bacon  and  other  cured  meats  have  given  way  generally  2s.  per  cwt  we  must  quote  green  pork  at  Is.  6d.  per  120  lbs.  higher.  HOME  PRODUCE.—Grain  supplies  small.  Prices  of  wheat  higher  ;  those  of  other  kinds  of  produce  stationary,  at  late  high  rates.  FLAXSEED.  —A  few  sales  have  been  made  of  Riga  flaxseed  since  our  last—of  course  on  speculation—at  40s.  per  barrel  We  quote  Dutch  seed  at  68s.  to  70s.  per  hlid.  The  importa importation  tion importation  of  Riga  seed  into  this  port  was  never  so  large  at  this  period.  The  London  law  courts  offices  have  closed  until  Tuesda  next.  THE  LARGEST  ASSORTMENT  OF  WINTER  GARMENTS  in  LIVERPOOL,  of  Superior  Cut  and  Workmanship,  At  Wm.  EARP  and  CO.'S,  59  and  61,  LORD  STREET.  The  hon.  Henry.  Elliott,  now  secretary  of  legation  at  the  Hague,  has  been  appointed  secretary  of  legation  at  Vienna.  Mr.  Niven  Moore,  consul  at  Beyrout,  has  been  promoted  to  the  rank  of  consul-general  at  Syria.  Txn  OLINDA.—ThIS  much  prized  vessel  has  put  back  to  Liverpool,  after  her  recent  mishap  iin  the  Channel.  It  is  rumoured  that  there  has  been  some  difficulty  between  the  crew  and,  the  officers.  The  Olinda  is  now  in  the  Bandon  Dock.  There  is  now  a  project  broached  of  laying  dow  n  a  t  e  l  e  graphic  system  by  the  Orkneys,  Faro  Island,  Iceland,  Greenland,  Davis's  Straits,  and  Labrador,  to  America.  We  question  whether  this  scheme  shall  ever  be  carried  out.  700  tons,  outer-bound  with  cargoes  of  great  value.  Her  Excellency  the  Countess  of  St.  Germains  distributed  p  bl  a  a  r  n  is  k  h  e  s  ts  of  a  c  n  as  d  waeanrm  c  ocka  lo  n  t  d  hi  c  n  h  g  ap  to  el  2  iz  o  o  o  d  a  p  t  o  .t  o  h  r  e  j;e  ri  rs  ce  o  g  n  al  s  .L  fr  o  o  d  m  ge  t  o  h  n  e  yesterday.  The  King  of  Hanover  has  sent  £5O  to  be  distributed  amongst  the  poor  of  the  parish  of  Kew,  to-day,  to  enable  them  to  enjoy  the  pleasures  of  Christmas.  THE  DUKE  Or  NE understand  that  his  Grace  the  Duke  of  Newcastle  has  contributed  no  less  than  £BOO  during  the  present  year  towards  the  restoration  of  various  churches  not  immediately  connected  with  his  own  estates.—Nottinghant  Review.  ~  ---  -  --  LITERARY  GENIUS.—It  is  said  that  Mr.  Warren,  Q.C.,  has  recently  declined  an  offer  from  an  eminent  publisher,  of  2,500  guineas,  for  a  new  novel.  AGES  of  EUROPEAN  SOVEREIGNS.—The  following  are  the  ages  of  the  princip  a  l  reigning  sovereig  ns  :  —Her  Majesty  Queen  Victoria,  34  ;  the  King  of  Wurtemberg,  71;  the  King  of  the  Blgians,  62;  the  Kin,g  of  Prussia,  57  ;  the  ;  artkh,e4R4  i.ng  ,  of  Swed  t  e  h  n  e  an  E  d  mp  N  e  o  r  r  o  w  r  a  o  y  f  ,  s  E  3  m  ;  p  t  e  h  r  e  or  K  o  i  f  n  it  g  us  of  sia  D  ,  e  s  n  6  m  King  of  the  two  Sicilies  and  the'  King  .of  Hanover,  33  ;  the  Sultan,  3  0  ;  Austria,  28  ;  the  Pope,  60.  K  i  n  o  u  g  i  s  0  Napoleon  ,  apol  Bavaria,eon,  4  4  4  0  ;;  t  t  h  h  the  HONESTY  REWARDED.—An  elaborately  finished  silver  medal,  made  by  Mr.  Chapman,  of  Essex  -quay,  has  been  pre preseated  seated preseated  to  Mathew  Whelan,  car  driver,  on  account  of  the  honesty  evinced  by  him  in  returning  a  sovereign  given  him  in  mistake  for  a  shillinc  , STYLE=superscript  by  a  foreign  ge  n  tl  eman  d  ur  i  ng  the  Great  Exhibition  of  1853.'  3649  marriages  were  celebrated  by  the  late  Mr.  Shultz  in  three  years,  eight  months,  and  eighteen  days.  Mr.  Shultz  was  a  German  in  holy  orders,  who  resided  in  Dublin,  and  earned  a  livelihood  by  celebrating  clandestine  marriages.  LORD  CAMPBELL  AND  Ms  TENANTRY.—  111  r.  Booker,  Lord  Campbell's  local  agent,  has  just  called  upon  us  and  stated  that  Mr.  Kincaid,  who  was  sent  over  to  value  Lord  Camp Campbell's  bell's Campbell's  Irish  estate,  has  not  increased  the  routs,  and  that,  on  the  Barna  property,  a  considerable  reduction  will  be  made.  We  are  very  glad  to  find  that  such  is  the  case;  but  as  we  had  our  information  as  to  the  raising  of  the  rent  from  what  we  considered  undoubted  authority  we  felt  bound  to  take  cognizance  of  the  matter.—Galway  Packet.  POCKET-PICTiING  AT  A  RAILWAY  STATION.—On  Saturday,  at  the  Manchester  City  Police-court,  a  fellow,  named  William  Parker,  was  charged  with  having,  on  the  previous  day,  stolen  from  the  person  of  Miss  Anne  Jane  Barrow,  a  purse  containing  £3  12s.  in  gold  and  silver.  Miss  Barrow  was  called  and  stated,  that  she  lived  at  South  Bank,  Pendleton.  On  Friday  night,  about  half-past  nine  o'clock,  she  arrived  at  the  London-road  station,  and  whilst  looking  after  her  luggage,  she  suddenly  felt  some  person  at  her  pocket.  She  then  put  her  hand  into  her  pocket,  and  dis discovered  covered discovered  that  her  purse  was  gone.  As  she  did  so,  a  man  rushed  from  beside  her,  and  she  called  out  that  he  had  picked  her  pocket.  The  man  was  pursued  by  one  of  the  porters  at  the  station,  and  caught.  John  Milner,  a  porter  at  the  London-road  railway  station,  stated  that  he  saw  the  prisoner  put  his  hand  into  the  lady's  pocket,  and  take  it  out  again.  He  endeavoured  to  seize  hold  of  him,  but  the  prisoner  sprang  off  and  got  away.  lie  pursued  him,  and  while  he  did  so,  the  prisoner  seemed  to  throw  something  across  the  rails.  Eventually.  he  caught  him.  Joseph  Leech,  a  coach-driver,  stated  that  he  got  a  lamp,  looked  round,  and  found  a  purse,  which  was  open,  and  a  quantity  of  gold  and  silver  was  strewed  about  the  place.  The  purse  was  identified  by  Miss  Barrow,  as  her  property.  The  prisoner  was  fully  committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the  sessions.  CIIILISTMAS-DAY  IN  MArleugsmn.---Yesterday,  the  great greatest  est greatest  festival  in  the  Christmas  year,  was  held  in  Manchester  and  Salford,  in  a  manner  which  reflected  credit  upon  the  inhabitants  of  both  towns.  On  our  correspondent  calling  in  the  afternoon  at  the  various  police  offices  for  information  he  was  told  that  much  greater  order  than  was  usual  between  Saturday  night  and  Sunday  had  been  observed.  To-day,  (Monday)  will  be  generally  observed  as  a  holiday  in  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  and  the  neighborhood.  SUICIDE  BY  HANGING.—An  excavator,  56  years  of  age,  committed  suicide  by  hanging  himself  in  his  own  house,  Dale  street,  Stretford  New-road,  Manchester.  On  Thurs Thursday  day Thursday  morning,  about  six  o'clock,  the  deceased  got  up  and  went  down  stairs.  One  of  the  sons  wont  down  stairs  about  twenty  minutes  to  seven  o'clock,  when  he  found  that  the  the  fire  had  not  been  lighted,  but  that  a  candle  was  burning  on  the  table.  Ho  was  going  to  get  breakfast,  when  on  turn turning  ing turning  round  he  found  his  father  hanging  with  two  handker handkerchiefs  chiefs handkerchiefs  fastened  round  his  neck,  the  ends  being  fastened  to  the  ledge  of  the  door.  The  son  then  wont  up  stairs  for  one  of  his  brothers,  who  cut  down  his  father.  CLO  AIDS,  PONCHOS,  SACS,  AND  PALETOTS,  of  superior  Cut  and  Workmanship,  at  Wm.  EARP  and  CO.'S,  59  and  61,  LORD  STREET.  •  KINGSTON  .HARBOUR.—  Mr.  Barry  Gibbons,  engineer  of  this  harbour,  says  it  is  a  mistake  to  suppose  that  Kingston  harbour  is  especially  useful  to  the  shipping  interest  of  Dub Dublin,  lin, Dublin,  Dundalk  and  Drogheda.  It  is  vastly  more  i  mpor  t  an  t  to  the  English  and  Scotch  trade.  Of  about  70  sail  that  took  refuge  in  the  last  gale,  more  than  one  third  were  from  the  Clyde  and  Liverpool,  amongst  which  were  ships  of  900  and  FOUNDERING  OP  A  STEAMER  IN  TUE  CHANNEL.—lntelli CHANNEL.—lntelligence  gence CHANNEL.—lntelligence  was  received  at  Lloyd's  of  the  foundering  of  a  steamer,  called  the  Perseverance,  Mr.  Keens,  master,  in  the  Channel,  off  Dunmore,  Isle  of  Wight.  She  was  an  iron  boat,  and  left  London,  on  Tuesd  a  y  l  as  t,  f  or  Gl  oucester.  On  Wednesday  night,  when  about  six  miles  off  Dunmore,  one  of  the  stokers  rushed  upon  deck  and  reported  that  the  vessel  had  sprung  a  leak,  and  was  fait  sinking.  Such  was  found  to  be  the  fact,  and  the  crew  had  only  just  time  to  lower  the  boats,_  when  the  vessel  went  down  in  t  wen  ty  f  a  th  oms  o  f  water.  The  crew  succeeded  in  reaching  Ventnor  at  three  o'clock  on  Thursday  morning  Tim  itocuDALE  SAvulus  BAsx..—On  Friday  evening,  a  meeting  of  the  depositors  took  place  in  the  Public  Hall,  About  throe  hundred  persons'  were  present  ;  .Ur.  Etiw,trtl  Taylor  in  the  chair.  The  olpi,el-  t.,  .C  162  had  beelf  l'XII•ill11.11.~t  i  porrt,pundener,  printing  . STYLE=superscript  ,  &amp;c.  It  'ivai  for  theibommittee  to  press  their  appli application  cation application  during  the  approaching  session  of  parliament."
