text
"measures  were  The  whole  Council  will  laugh  accurate  at  the  idea  of  the  meter  being  called  a  conjuring  The  old  bug-bear  of  ripping  up  the•  streets,  and  the  thousand  other  evils  attending  competition,  will  all  be  employed  in  the  Directors'  defence  ;  but  we  trust  that  Mr.  KITCHEN,  and  those  who  aided  him  in  obtaining  the  Com Committee,  mittee, Committee,  will  stick  close  to  the  palpable  facts  proved  by  the  Company's  bills  and  receipts  pro produced  duced produced  by  consumers  before  his  Committee.  Let  it  be  shown  clearly  that  consumers  have  been  overcharged  from  10  to  50  per  cent.—let  them  demand  from  the  Company's  defenders  some  - STYLE=superscript  correct  explanation  of  how  these  overcharges  have  occurred,  and  some  positive  guarantee  that  they  will  not  occur  again  at  any  future  period.  With  less  than  this,  those  who  took  a  part  in  obtaining  the  Committee  and  their  constituents  out  of  doors  ought  not  to  be  satisfied  Light,  like  water,  is  too  necessary  and  precious  an  article  to  be  trifled  with.  We  require  it  for  manufacturing,  domestic,  and  sanitary  purposes  and  we  should  rather  have  a  supera.  bundant  than  a  meagre  and  doubtful  supply.  We  ought  to  have  the  benefit  of  every  improvement  that  has  taken  place  in  its  manufacture  and  distribution  ;  and,  above  all,  we  should  have  the  full  benefit  of  the  commercial  advantage  of  being  150  miles  nearer  to  the  source  from  whence  the  raw  material  is  supplied  than  those  who  get  their  streets  lighted  for  2s.  3d.  per  1000  feet.  It  would  be  well,  also,  for  those  who  take  upon  themselves  the  direction  of  a  gas  company's  affairs  to  know  something  of  the  the  business  in  which  they  have  embarked.  Mr.  CHARLES  TURNER  might,  for  example,  explain  to  us  what  the  public  lose  by  excessive  pressure,  and  what  particular  parts  of  the  meter  aro  likely  to  lose  their  accuracy  while  undergoing  repair  ;''  and  Mr.  LAWRENCE  might  tell  us  something  about  the  retorts,  how  many  tons  of  coal  the  Company  consume  in  a  year,  and  the  number  of  feet  and  quality  of  Gas  produced.  We  should  then  be  able  to  know  quantity  of  waste  the  consumers  have  to  pay  r  ;  and  we  should  have  no  objection  to  hear  Alderman  COOPER,  something  with  cost  of  the  new  works  in  respect  to  the  Wa.vertree-road,  the  localities  they  are  meant  supply  effect  they  are  likely  to  have  on  the  value  of  property  in  the  neighbourhood,  and  when  the  inhabitants  will  cause  them  to  be  condemned  as  an  intolerable  nuisance.  Without  these  expla explanations,  nations, explanations,  the  Council  will  scarcely  venture  to  reject  Report  of  their  own  Committee,  and  adopt  the  -  The  whole  question  is  +o  supply,  t  of  the  C  Jompans  one,  however,  of  immense  importance  to  the  mann-  shopkeepers,  householders,  and  owners  o  Borough,  and  there  is  s  reely  a  question  judging  of  the  integrity  awl  independence  of  r  Town  Councilmen,  who  will  this  day  be  called  u  for  their  votes  There  are  no  politics"
