text
"-lawyers  the  bearing  of  a  he  cle:  Add  England,  (population  11,500,000)  Balance  of  production  725,000,000  Total  divisible  prodnetion  Here,  then,  we  have  the  annually  divisible  production  of  the  United  Kingdom,  equal  to  747,500,000  of  hands,  and  if  we  take  the  ratio  in  which  it  is  divided,  among  these  countries  we  shall  be  able  to  arrive  at  the  comparative  amount  of  comfort  and  wealth  of  each.  And  if  we  take  the  value  of  our  production  as  equal  to  per  hand,  the  annual  wealth  produced  will  be  equal  to  3,737,500,0001.  Deduct  from  this,  800,000,0001.  of  National  Debt,  and  the  annual  surplus  divisible  - STYLE=superscript  by  the  United  Kingdom  is  2,937,500,000/  This  prodigious  sum  becomes  absorbed,  and  is  again  represented  for  the  most  part  by  our  Bank Banking  ing Banking  Capital,  Government  Stocks,  Railway  and  other  Shares,  Ships,  Houses,  Stock-in-trade,  Foreign  Pro Produce,  duce, Produce,  and  the  Securities  of  Foreign  States.  Now  in  the  face  of  this  amazing  wealth,  always  pro progressing  gressing progressing  and  progressive—to  say  that  wealth  is  the  is  perfectly  nonsensical.  The  almost  endless  wealth  we  derive  from  production  is  not  however  distributed  with  sufficient  rapidity;  nor  in  the  proportions  it  would  be  if  we  had  a  more  expanded  medium  of  distribution.  Until  within  the  last  fdur  or  five  years,  our  power  of  production  was  limited  to  a  fixed  amount  of  trading  capital  or  money,  This  money  was  composed  of  metals,  which  were  selected  for  mo money  ney money  because  they  were  the  most  scarce,  and  con consequently,  sequently, consequently,  difficult  to  obtain.  The  propriety  of  its  selection  we  will  not  question  now,  as  with  its  increased  production  nearly  all  the  objections  raised  against  our  metallic  currency  disappear  and  really  go  for  nothing,—and  we  are  now  left  to  cal calculate  culate calculate  both  as  the  prosperity  of  production  and  profits  of  trade,  by  the  probable  increased  produc production  tion production  of  gold.  On  the  discovery  of  the  gold  fields  of  America  being  made  known,  the  commerce  of  Europe  received  an  immense  impetus,  and  when  the  Diggings  of  Australia  were  added  to  those  of  California,  England's  entire  productive  energies  were  called  into  full  play,  and  here  commenced  a  race,  as  it  were,  between  the  monetary  arrange arrangements  ments arrangements  of  trade  and  fiscal  systems,  of  the  several  States  of  Europe.  And  the  result  is  at  this  moment  both  startling  and  instructive.  In  all  those  countries,  in  fact,  where  gold  is  required  as  an  auxiliary  to  production  merely,  while  every  other  element  of  existence  is  made  to  bend  and  shape  itself  t  o  sustain  thei  r  powers  of  pro production,  duction, production,  we  find  a  higher  price  ruling  for  gold  than  in  England;  and  thus  our  productions  are  curtailed,  and  our  prices  depressed  in  order  to  make  a  less  amount  of  gold  meet  the  enlarged  hopes  and  re requirements  quirements requirements  of  our  people.  Fortunately.  gold  has  now  become  such  a  plentiful  commodity  that  it  must  soon  take  its  place  in-  the  catalogue  of  ex exchangeable  changeable exchangeable  productions  simply,  and  then  it  will  soon  be  .  seen  how  long  this  country  or  France  can  afford  to  exchange  their  products  with  America  and  Australia  at  the  ratio  of  10  to  1.  When  this  ques question  tion question  shall  have  been  solved,  then  will  the  wants  of  labour  be  satisfied  to  the  manifest  advantage  -of  both  employer  and  employed,  and  each  will  be  heard  to  exclaim,  Prend  moi  tel  que  je  suis.  PASCAL  somewhere  observes:  In  truth,  there  is  a  wide  difference  between  laughing  at  Religion,  and  laughing  at  the  follies  of  those  who  profess  Now,  we  trust,  that  whilst  we  rightly  venture  upon  a  just  reproof  of  the  one,  we  shall  not  wrongly  be  accused  of  hostility  to  the  other.  No  country  can  be  properly  organized,  without  possessing  a  judicial  code.  No  society  :attain  to  any  refinement,  without  having  laws  of  its  own  to  which  every  one  must  be  amenable,  provided  any  pretensions  be  entertained  to  what  is  termed  re 'respectability.'  To  be  a  something  more  is  required  than  simply  to  wear  broad-cloth,  an  opera-tie,  patent-leather  boots,  dress  in  the  highest  style  of  ton,  and  dance  exquisitely  to  the  tune  of  Pop  goes:the  Weasel  and  fortunately  for  the  community  that  it  is  so.  Now,  the  least  de departure  parture departure  from  those  conventional  rules,  which  So  ciety  has  thought  it  incumbent  to  lay  down,  brands  a  person  immediately  as  ungentlemanl3  persistency  in  such  a  course,  either  owing  to  wilful  negligence  or  positive  ignorance,  unfits  him  for  polite  and  the  result  is,  that  he  is  ent  to  Coventry  no  time.  Offences  against  these  rules  admit  of  considerable  exaggera exaggeration.  tion. exaggeration.  Time;  (place,  circumstances,  and  individual  position,  materially  .effect  them:  For  what  would  be  a  trivial  offence  at  one  time  and  place,  and  by  one  person,  would  be  seriously  heightened  at  an another  other another  time  and  place,  and  by  another  person.  Having  premised  so  far,  we  now  proceed  to  ap apply  ply apply  our  remarks.  We  only  regret  that  they  will  be  found  both  personal  and  local.  But  with  this  fact  we  have  nothing  to  do.  Did  not  the  occasion  loudly  call  for  it,  none  would  less  willingly  assume  the  office  ofpublic  censor  than  ourselves.  ST:  MICHAEL'S  CHURCH,  LiverpOol,  was,  on  Sun  day  last,  thetheatre  upon  which  was  enacted  scenes  disgraceful  alike  to  religion,  and  to  the  marked  actors  in  the  drama,  whose  duty  it  was  toincul toinculcat()  cat() toinculcat()  her  peaceful  lessons  ,of  forbearance  and  moderation.  Although  the  circumstances  to  which  we  refer  have  been  detailed  in  the  last  impression  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TimEs„  we,  yet  consider  it  necessary  to  give  a  resume  of  them  on  the  pre-  sent  occasion  It  appears  that  there  are  two  clergymen  at STYLE=superscript  tached  to  St.  Michael's  Church,  viz.,  the  Reverend  CYRITS  MORRALL,  and  the  Reverend  H.  CARPENTER.  Although  having  but  one  cure  of  between  them,  they  seem  to  possess  very  conflicting  ideas  as  to  the  right  manlier  in  which  they  should  fulfil  their  duty  to  their  charge.  Doctors  we  are  told.  And  that  two  of  a  trade  never  agree,'  is  a  proverb  we  all  remember  f  rom  our  childhood.  But  the  mere  fact  of  differing  and  disagreeing  . STYLE=superscript  is  —clergymen  the  mean•  The  )  dis-  ing  of  absolute  canons  and  intricate  texts.  world  roots  riot  a  pin.  But  should  those  sage  ciples  of  JESCULAPIUS  suffer  their  patients  to  die— diethe  the diethe  limbs  of  the  law  lose  their  clients'  causes—and  their  spiritual  vineyards  to  run  into  weeds,  whilst  they  indulge  in  the  luxury  of  disputation,  then,  indeed,  the  aspect  of  the  case  becomes  seriously  endangered.  People  then  shati(  off  their  somnolency,  and  very  naturally  enquire  .  _  What  is  all  this  fuss  about  So  that  that  which  was  nobody's  business  before,  becomes  everybody's  business  afterwards  Considerable  misunderstanding  (to  use  the  mildest  phrase  we  can  employ)  has  for  some  time  existed  between  Mr.  MOBRALL,  and  one  portion  of  his  congregation.  Some  of  those  thought  it  no  wrong  to  indulge  in  a  little  harmless  merriment  at  his  expense.  In  fact  they  went  so  far  as  to  placard  their  pastor—announcing  the  loss  of  a  promising  young  preacher  ;  and  offering  the  reward  of  an  empty  to  whoever  should  return  him.  W(  have  heard,  certainly,  of  the  shepherd  going  it  quest  of  the  sheep—never  before,  of  the  shed'  going  in  quest  of  the  shepherd  !  In  consequent(  of  this  disruption  between  pastor  and  flock,  it  wtv  arranged  that  the  Rev.  Mr.  BARDSLEY  should  assist  it  the  services  on  Sunday.  This  plan  was,  how  ever,  frustrated  by  Mr.  MORRALL,  owing  to  sonti  ments  which  the  former  gentleman  suffered  to  fal]  from  The  pulpit,  of  a  personal  nature,  when  he  lasi  747,500;000  officiated  at  St.  MICHAEL'S.  The  Curate  of  St  MARTIN'S,  supposed  to  favour  Mr.  MoRnALL's  theolo theological  gical theological  views,  was  then  appointed  to  undertake  the  duty.  To  this  the  churchwardens  were  strongly  opposed;  and  the  issue  was  that,  when  that  gen gentleman  tleman gentleman  made  his  appearance,  they,  with  several  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  congregation,  rose  and  quitted  the  church;  others  not  aware  of  what  was  going  on,  raised  the  cry  of  fire  and  a  scene  took  place  of  a  most  indecorous  and  unedifying  description,  which  was  again  repeated  in  the  afternoon  of  the  same  day.  Now,  really,  such  goings-on  are  quite  dis disgraceful,  graceful, disgraceful,  as  well  as  fearfully  out  of  place.  Their  legitimate  tendency  is  to  degrade  religion,  bring  her  professors  into  disrepute,  and  render  her  ministers  the  targets  at  which  public  scorn  might  hurl  its  shafts.  Scenes,  it  appears,  which  dare  not  be  acted  in  a  private  dwelling  and  in  presence  of  genteel  society,  can  with  impunity  be  indulged  in  openly  at  church,  and  before  a  large  congrega congregation.  tion. congregation.  When  such  facts  transpire,  we  cannot  re-  frain  from  thinking  that  something  is  rotten  in  the  state  of  These  are  very  dangerous  precedents  to  establish.  This  game  of  between  pastor  and  people,  never  ends  well.  There  is  an  easy  remedy  for  both  parties  if  they  feel  themselves  mutually  aggrieved.  And  it  is  better  to  have  resource  to  that  gentle  but  effectual  means,  than  to  run  the  risk  of  making  churches  odious,  and  religious  worship  contemptible.  Goldsmith,  alluding  to  the  Church  of  the  Deserted  says  :  Here  those  who  came  to  stare  remained  to  We  much  fear,  judging  from  recent  occurrences  ;  that  the  reverse  will  be  found  to  apply  to  the  congregation  of  the  church  of  Air  MICHAEL.  LIVERPOOL  OCTOBER  SESSIONS  THE  October  Sessions  for  this  Borough  commenced  yester yesterday  day yesterday  morning  before  GILBERT  HENDERSON,  Esq.,  Recorder.  There  are  70  prisoners  for  trial,  63  of  whom  are  charged  with  felony,  and  7  with  misdemeanor.  Of  the  prisoners,  none  have  received  a  superior  education,  three  can  read  and  wr  it  e  well,  31  can  read  and  writ  e  imperfectly,  11  can  read  but  do  not  write,  and  35  can  neither  read  nor  write.  The  follow following  ing following  gentlemen  were  sworn  on  the  Grand  Jury—Walter  Fergus  Macgregor,  Iron  Founder,  Vauxhall-road,  foreman  ;  Wm.  Bowman,  merchant,  Fenwick-street  ;  Adam  Fairie,  sugar  refiner,  North  John-street;  John  Golding,  the  younger,  sharebroker,  Exchange-street  East  ;  John  Thomas  Leyland,  merchant,  Exchange-street  East;  Charles  Moore,  merch  an  t,  Rumford-street;  Wm.  John  Marrow,  merchant,  Brunswick Brunswickstreet  street Brunswickstreet  ;  Jagnes  Meyers,  broker,  Exchange-street  West;  Wm.  Mac  Fie,  sugar  refiner,  Temple-street  ;  Samuel  M'Gill,  mer merchant,  chant, merchant,  Brunswick-street,  Robert  Procter.  broker,  Brunswick Brunswicktreet  treet Brunswicktreet  ;  Alfred  Wm.  Fowles,  merchant,  Water-street,  Jabez  Rayner,  broker,  Exchange-alley,  North  ;  Alexander  Shand,  merchant,  Old  Church-yard;  Archibald  Sinclair,  merchant,  Chapel-street;  George  Scholfield,  merchant,  Exchange-alley.  North;  John  Worrall,  merchant,  Salthouse  Dock.  The  usual  formalities  having  been  gone  through,  The  RECORDER  then  proceeded  to  deliver  his  charge.  He  said  gentlemen  of  the  Grand  Jury,  as  from  day  to  day  we  look  at  the  weather  glass,  so  from  session  to  session  one  is  apt  to  look  at  the  calendar  as  some  index  of  the  state  of  crime.  Without  asserting  that  it  is  on  all  occasions  an  in infallible  fallible infallible  criterion,  I  think  that  the  present  calendar  presents  room  for  congratulation  rather  than  alarm.  After  the  lapse  Of  more  than  eight  weeks,  the  number  of  70  prisoners  is  not  very  great,  and  the  general  character  of  the  offences  I  think  hou  will  find  not  ve  r  y  ser  i  ous.  Th  e  num  b  er  wou  ld  clearly  ave  been  less  if  some  parties  had  not  contributed  by  their  negligence,  and  others  by  their  own  loose  and  disorderly  conduct  to  the  effects  and  mischief  of  which  they  complain.  Nothing  is  more  satisfactory  in  the  administration  of  justice  now-a-days,  than  the  change  that  has  taken  place  in  respect  to  thieving,  which  lies  at  the  root  of  the  great  mass,  being  much  more  seldom  accompanied  with  violence  than  it  used  to  be,  and  I  think  it  justifies,  and  indeed  requires,  a  more  lenient  view  of  the  case  at  present  than  used  to  be  formerly  taken.  I  think  it  right  to  mark  with  corresponding  severity  any  case  in  which  violence  is  used.  In  the  present  calendar  there  is  a  case  in  which  at  the  dead  of  the  night  a  person  who  had  secured  the  windows  and  dcor  of  his  bedroom,  was  alarmed  by  his  wife  telling  him  there  was  some  person  in  the  room,  and  on  proceeding  to  search  he  did  find  on  the  floor  a  man  who'had  been  concealed  when  he  went  to  bed.  The  man  was  taken  without  any  very  serious  resistance.  Now,  if  he  had  in  his  possession  any  deadly  weapon,  or  if  he  had  used  any  great  violence  on  his  apprehension,  I  should  consider  it  called  for  much  more  severe  castigation  than  the  circumstance,  if  it  should  be  proved,  will  probably  reqUire.  I  mention  this  for  one  reason.  The  man  when  taken  said  he  had  stolen  nothing,  and  it  is  true  nothing  was  found  upon  him,  but  the  gentleman  had  l  e  ft  hi  s  purse  i  n  hi  s  pocket,  his  dress  was  removed  from  the  chair,  and  the  purse  Was  found  on  the  floor  a  few  yards  from  the  prisoner.  If  you  should  be  satisfied  that  the  purse  was  taken  by  this  man  with  the  intent  to  steal,  and  although  it  was  so  recovered,  i  and  in  fact  he  did  not  get  away  with  it,  I  need  hardly  tell  you  it  is  an  offence  in  point  of  law,  as  if  the  robbery  had  been  completed.  At  the  same  time,  gentlemen,  when  I  Ob Observed  served Observed  that  in  general  theft  is  not  so  frequently  accompanied  with  violence  as  used  to  be  the  case.  There  is  class  of  offences  rising  up  of  late  in  which  persons  have  been  frequently  almost  strangled  in  the  street,  and  treated  with  great  vio violence.  lence. violence.  On  the  same  principle  that  I  would  deal  leniently  with  the  case  I  have  referred  to,  in  those  cases  I  think  great  severity  is  called  for.  This  offence  should  be  put  down,  and  those  in  authority  arc  bound  to  put  the  law  in  force  with  that  object.  In  cases  that  have  come  before  me  I  have  endeavoured  to  deal  with  them.  lam  not  aware  the  present  calendar  presents  any  case  of  that  nature.  I  do,  however,  regret  to  see  there  are  no  less  than  five  misdemenours,  cases  of  stabbing  —cases  in  which  the  knife  has  been  resorted  to.  lam  not  aware  that  this  court  has  been  wanting  in  any  one  severity;  but  I  do  certainly  find  that  this  offence  is  increasing,  and  I  feel,  myself  called  upon  to  act  accordingly.  It  is  nothing  in  extenuation  to  say  that  in  three  of  those  cases  the  men  were  under  the  in influence  fluence influence  of  drink—perhaps  the  other  two  may  be  so  likewise  —but  there  is  direct  evidence  it  was  so  in  three  of  those  cases.  But,  though,  this  may  account  for  it,  it  does  not  at  all  excuse  it,  or  make  it  less  necessary  to  put  down,  if  possible,  by  severe  punishment,  such  offences.  I  have  punished  severely  in  those  more  barbarous  cfass  of  offences.  In  one  instanceaman  was  convicted  of  the  barbarous  offence  of  having  torn  another  man's  eye  from  the  socket.  He  was  punished  both  by  fine  and  imprisonment,  and  I  am  happy  to  say  I  have  no  reccurence  of  this  particular  offence  ;  several  cases  have  have  occurred  within  the  last  year  or  two,  of  per persons  sons persons  who  have  actually  broken  off  a  part  of  a  fellow-being's  nose.  Here  again  is  an  abominable,  barbarous,  and  inhu inhuman  man inhuman  proceeding  which  must  be  effectually  discouraged,  and  I  have  endeavoured  to  do  so  in  the  cases  that  have  come  before  me.  There  is  no  such  case  in  the  calendar,  but  there  is  a  case  in  which  a  man  is  stated  on  the  depositions  to  have  bitten  off  the  part  of  another  man's  ear.  It  is  cases  of  this  class  which  I  say  require  to  be  effectually  discouraged.  Gentlemen,  you  are  aware  of  th  e  difficulties  which  have  arisen  with  regard  to  transportation.  You  are  aware  for,  a  long  time  the  administration  of  the  law  on  that  subject  has  been  in  a  transition  state.  The  mode  in  which  persons  have  been  dealt  with  under  those  circumstances,  •  has  been  a  subject  of  considerable  delicacy.  Many  things  have  been  tried,  and  at  last  a  very  decided  step  has  been  taken  ;  it  limits  the  number  of  sentences  of  transportation,  and  in  fact  it  is  probable  they  may  fall  altogether  into  disuse,  It  so  DAILY  TIMES.  hat  this  court  for  the  first  time,  is  called  upon  to  r  the  altered  law,  and  perhaps  therefore,  it  may  not  be  out  of  place  to  make  a  few  remarks  explanatory  of  it.  For  the  future  no  sentences  of  7  or  10  years  transportation  will  pass.  And  indeed,  sentences  of  14  years  or  for  lif  e  may  be  passed,  but  even.in  those  cases  the  judge  may  have  a  discretion,  and  even  iii  cases  of  transportation  for  life,  the  judge  may,  instead  of  transportihg  for  life,  sentence  the  person  to  be  kept  in  penal  servitude  for  life;  so  that  with  regard  to  shorter  sentences  of  transportation,  sentences  of  penal  servitude  for  a  term  of  years  may  be  substituted  as  a  matter  of  course,  and,  probably,  eventually  the  sentences  will  always  be  for  some  term  of  penal  servitude.  Now  the  length  of  that  of  course  varies  in  proportion  to  the  sentences  of  transportation,  to  which  the  party  would  now  be  liable.  In  lieu  of  transportation  for  seven  years,  the  term  of  the  penal  servitude  is  seven  years;  instead  of  transportation  for  ten  years,  the  term  of  penal  servitude  may  be  from  four  to  •  31.7  C  years;  instead  of  transportation  for  fifteen  years,  the  penal  servitude  may  be  from  six  to  eight  years;  instead  of  a  tqrm  of  transportation  exceeding  fifteen  years,  the  penal  servitude  may  be  awarded  for  from  six  to  ten  years  ;  instead  of  transportation  for  life,  a  penal  servitude  for  life.  Now,  gentlemen,  it  would  be  dangerous  for  a  person  to  flatter  themselves  that  under  these  sentences  punishment  would  be  light.  It  would  be  a  great  mistake  to  suppose  that  tran transportation  sportation transportation  is  abolished.  It  is  not  abolished.  Transporta Transportation  tion Transportation  under  any  of  those  sentences  may  take  place  to  any  of  her  Majesty's  colonies.  You  may  recollect  there  are  colonies  where  no  complaint  is  made.  and  where  there  is  no  objection  to  convicts,  as,  for  instance,  the  inhabitants  of  Gibralter,  Bermuda,  or  even  the  Western  part  of  Australia.  It  is  probable,  and  likely,  that  transportation  will  still  go  on  to  some  considerable,  if  not,  to  a  great  extent;  and,  therefore,  under  any  of  those  sentences  of  penal  servitude,  a  person  may  find  himself  in  one  of  those  colonies.  It  seems  to  ine,  to  a  person  who  rightly  considers  it,  this  is  a  very  alarming  thing,  from  the  uncertainty  of  how  a  man  may  be  dealt  with  under  those  regulations.  Ile  does-not  know  where  he  is  going,  nor  the  judge  who  passes  the  sentence  cannot  tell  him.  The  man  sentenced  to  penal.  servitude  may  find  him himself  self himself  in  the  seclusion  of  separate  'confinement  at  Pentonville  ;  he  may  find  himself  labouring  at  the  dock  yard  Woolich,  or  Portsmouth,  drawing  and  carrying  burthens  day  by  day  ;  or  he  may  find  himself  working  at  the  fortifications  atPortsea,  or  he  may  find  himself  quarrying  in  the  quarries  in  the  island  of  Portland,  or  assisting  in  making  the  breakwater  there;  or  he  may  find  himself  in  some  way  employed  about  the  fortifi fortifications  cations fortifications  at  Gibralter,  or  he  may  find  himself  in  that  unwhole unwholesome  some unwholesome  climate—l  regret  to  very  much  it  is  so—Bermuda.  There  is  great  latitude  taken  in  the  act  of  parliament  as  to  how  the  Government  will  deal  with  parties  sentenced  to  those  terms  of  penal  servitude,  and,  therefore,  they  have  a  great  deal  to  fear  as  to  what  they  may  have  to  undergo  on  such  sentence;  but  without  saying  how  p  rac  ti  ca  lly  they  may  be  carried  out,  this  is  certain  :  in  general  they  will  have  to  labour  under  those  severe  restrictions,  deprived  of  course  of  the  society  of  their  fniends,  removed  from  the  places  that  are  dear  to  them,  and  kept  for  a  long  term  in  some  useful,  it  may  .  be  hoped,  labour,  but  subject  to  all  the  restraints  of  imprisonment.  Now,  .gentlemen  when  I  describe  this  as  the  consequence  of  crime,  ;and  the  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  such  sentences,  at  the  same  time  it  is  not  intended  that  the  party  should  be  dealt  with  without  hope,  nor  will  they  be  left  without  hope,  if  by  their  good  conduct  they  Agence.  Although  they  are  sentenced  to  a  or  it  may  be  for  a  shorter  period,  it  does  not  it  will  insist  on  their  being  kept  in  , STYLE=superscript  nprisonment  during  the  whole  of  the  term,  because  it  is  provided,  expressly  provided,  that  if  her  Majesty  should  please  to  grant  to  them  a  license  and  permission  to  return  to  society  they  may  do  so,  even  before  the  end  of  the  term  to  which  they  were  sentenced.  Then  of  course  it  is  to  be  expected  that  her  Majesty  in  her  wisdom,  and  with  the  advice  she  will  receive,  will  not  restore  them  peremptorily  unless  from  their  conduct  there  should  be  reason  to  think  they  had  sincerely  repented  of  their  crime,  and  that  they  are  likely  to  return  without  doing  further  mischeif  to  society,  No  doubt  it  is  a  very  serious  experiment  to  return  persom  under  those  circumstances  to  society  at  all,  becaus,  you  seo  whilst  under  those  sentences  they  are  --  term  for  lif  follow  the  Governmc  removed  from  all  those  temptations.—from  all  y STYLE=superscript  bad  and  the  risk  of  course  will  be  great  when  they  re return  turn return  to  them.  Still,  however,  it  is  only  fair  to  persons  so  sentenced,  that  they  should,  by  their  good  conduct,  have  a  fair  chance  given  them  of  amending  their  condition.  And  this  experiment  to  restore  them  to  society,  it  seems  to  me,  .  _  .1  i  may  be  made  with  much  more  safety  than  t  could  have  been  a  number  of  years  ago.  I  have  great  confidence  in  the  police  establishment,  and  the  control  which  they'may  haie,  and  the  watchfulness  that  may  be  exercised,  with  regard  to  those  parties.  And  here  again,  if  they  .  should  be  restored  to  society,  there  is  a  power  kept  if  they  misconduct  themselves.  Her  Majesty  has  the  power  of  revoking  the  license,  and  they  will  be  sent  back  without  more  to  ao,  to  undergo  the  re remainder  mainder remainder  of  the  punishment,  and  that  without  trial,  because  power  is  given  to  the  Secretary  of  State,  and  it  seems  to  me  rightly  lodged  there.  Under  the  great  responsibility  which  that  high  office  imposes,  he  will  have  to  satisfy  his  con conscience  science conscience  by  any  means  he  thinks  proper,  the  parties  -are  dangerous,  and  not  following  a  course  that  is  safe  for  the  protection  of  society.  At  her  Majesty's  pleasure  the  license  may  be  revoked,  and  they  will  be  liable  to  be  re-apprehen re-apprehended,  ded, re-apprehended,  and  removed  to  undergo  the  remainder  of  their  punish punishment.  ment. punishment.  Gentlemen,  as  I  stated,  probably  in  thi  s  cour  t  th  e  first  sentence  of  this  nature  will  be  passed.  I  said  this  in  explanation.  It  is  a  very  great  experiment,  and  I  hope  it  will  be  a  successful  one.  At  all  events,  we  must  do  all  we  can  to  ensure  its  success,  by  properly  awarding  the  sentences  in  cases  which  Come  before  us.  And  here  I  feel  some  de-  gree  of  relief  from  this  change  of  the  law.  There  is  a  better  graduation  now  of  the  scale  of  punishment.  There  is  a  wide  gap  between  a  sentence  of  two  years'  imprisonment,  and  one  of  seven  years'  transportation.  Now  it  has  often  been  a  very  difficult  thing  for  me,  to  say  whether  I  should  pass  a  sentence  of  seven  years'  transportation,  or  of  two  years'  prisonment  ;  and  two  years  is  a  term  so  long,  that  I  rarely  pass  it;  two  years  in  a  prison  such  as  ours,  is  enough  to  produce  a  serious  change  in  a  man's  constitution  ;  it  is  a  very  trying  thing,  confinement  within  the  walls  of  a  prison  like  ours  :  and  I  sometimes  pause  before  inflicting  it.  I  have  frequently  very  great  difficulty  in  saying  whether  two  years  imprisonment,  or  whether  I  ought  to  go  as  far  as  seven  years'  transportation.  Now,  however,  the  term  of  penal  servitude  is  four  years  ;  so  that  you  see  the  scale  is  better  graduated,  and  it  will  relieve  me  from  the  difficulty.  I  have  frequently  sentenced  persons  to  imprisonment  to  be  on  the  safe  side,  though  I  might  have  transported  them  :  and  probably  it  would  have  been  better  that  I  had  ;  but,  as  it  is  now,  the  term  of  two  years  imprisonment,  or  four  years  ;  and  I  mention  it  now  to  alarm  those  who  are  disposed  to  commit  the  offences,  and  because  I  do  not  hesitate  to  say  I  shall  be  more  willing  to  pass  a  sentence  of  four  years  penal  servitude,  than  I  would  a  sentence  of  seven  years  transportation  ;  therefore,  I.  mention  this  rather  that  it  may  have  its  due  weight  on  those  disposed  to  commit  offences,  and  to  cause  them  to  think,  although  they  may  have  escaped  transportation,  they  will  very  likely  fall  under  the  four  years  penal  servitude  '  as  the  limit  of  punishment  now  begins.  Having  made  these  observations,  gentlemen,  I  shall  not  detain  you  longer.  The  grand  jury  then  retired.  Shortly  after  the  criminal:business  commenced.  MEETING  OF  THE  SOCIETY  FOR  THE  CONVER CONVERSION  SION CONVERSION  OF  THE  JEWS.  The  Annual  Meeting  of  this  Society  was  held  last  night,  at  the  Collegiate  Institute.  The  LORD  BISHOP  OF  CHESTER  in  the  Chair.  The  attendance  was  very  numerous,  and  among  the  gen gentlemen  tlemen gentlemen  on  the  platform  were  —Rev.  Dr.  Aeyrst,  Rev.  J.  Kelling,  Rev.  J.  Scott,  Rev.  Dr.  McNeile,  Rev.  H.  Carpenter,  Rev.  W.  Rawson,  Rev.  F.  Parry,  Rev.  Dr.  Vierns,  Rev.  S.  Minton,  Rev.  W.  Pollock,  Rev.  G.  London,  Rev.  Dr.  Barry,  Rev.  J.  Matthias,  Rev.  G.  Reade,  Rev.  A.  Knox,  Rev.  J  Harrison,  Rev.  W.  Fallon,  Rev.  D.  Anderson,  Rev.  H.  W.  Taylor,  Rev.  A.  J.  Jones,  Rev.  Mr.  Newhan,  W.  Jones,  Esq.,  Ed.  Jones,  Esq.,  H.  J.  Webster,  Esq.,  W.  Wall,  Esq.,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  •  After  the  prayer,  with  which  the  meeting  was  opened,  was  concluded.  The  Cukmainx  said  that  most  of  their  friends  were  already  aware  that  the  Annual  Meeting  for  the  transaction  of  the  ordinary  business  connected  with  the  •  Society  had  been  held  in  the  spring  of  the  year,  when  the  usual  accounts  were  examined  and  audited,  and  the  report  printed,  and  circulated  amongst  the  friends  of  the  Society.  There  would  therefore  be  no  report  drawn  that  afternoon,  at  that  meeting,  and  so  far  it  wouldbe  attended  w  ith  thi  s  a  d  van  t  age  ,  that  it  would  leave  ample  time  for  the  gentlemen,  who  had  kindly  undertaken  to  address  them  t  o  do,:so.  And  although  in  Liverpool,  they  never.  failed  in  having  the  choice  of  good  speakers  to  present  to  them,  yet  it  seldom  happened  that  they  had  so  ample  a  choice  as  they  had  on  that  evening.  They  were  favoured  with  a  very  numerous  deputation  from  the  Parent  Society  ;  Rev.  Aeyrst,  Rev.  Mr.  Keeling,  Rev.  Mr;  Scott,  and  Rev.  Mr.  Kerns,  gentlemen  whose  names  were  well-known  to  the  meeting,  they  having  at attended  tended attended  in  Liverpool  on  former  occasions  to  advocate  the  cause  of  the  society.  They  had  kindly  undertaken  to  address  the  meeting  on  that  occasion,  and  with  them  they  would  hear  with  pleasure,  the  Rev.  Dr.  Mc  Neile—  (applause)—who  also  kindly  consented  to  speak.  Whether  other  gentlemen  might  do  so  in  the  course  of  the  evening,  depended  entirely  on  the  mere  fact  whether  the  limits  of  time  within  which  their  meeting  should  conclude,  would  or  would  not  admit  of  any  addititional  speakers;  but  he  was  sure  that  very  pleasing  and  very  interesting  information  would  be  laid  before  them  by  the  gentlemen  whom  he  had  named.  He  would  notstand  any  longer  between  those  gentlemen  and  the  meeting,  but  would  'merely  call  on  the  Rev.  Mr.  Aeyrst,  than  whom  no  person  could  be  better  entitled  to  take  the  lead  in  advocat advocating  ing advocating  the  cause  of  that  society;  for  he  had  been  for  many  years  its  steady  friend  and  zealous  and  successful  advocate,  and  he  (the  chairman)  hoped  that  he  would  be  spared  for  many  years'  to  come  to  pursue  the  same  course  of  usefulness,  and  with  increasing  success.  (Hear,  hear,)  He  (the  chairman).  would  however,  before  concluding'  make  - STYLE=superscript  one  observation.  They  had  to  look  at,  not  so  much  the  measure  of  their  suc success,  cess, success,  for  that  depended  on  the  will  and  pleasure  of  Almighty  God  ;  but  what  they  had  to  look  to  was  the  measure  of  their  duty,  and  that  was  to  spare  no  xertion  that  was  in  their  power,  to  act  in  the  s  pi  r  it  o  f  G  o  d  w  h  en  H  e  commande  d  that  His,dospel  should  be  preached  to  all  the  world,  to  Jew  and  Gentile,.  and  to  pray  that  they  might  be  His  instruments,  however  humble  in  His  hands,  for  bringing  back  His  once  favoured  people  of  Israel,  and  converting  them  to  the  name  and  faith  of  Jesus  Christ.  (4pplause.)  The  Rev.  Mr.  AZYRST  then  came  forward  and  was  loudly  meeting  separated  applauded.  He  said  that  before  he  proceeded  to  give  them  a  brief  review  of  the  great  work  carrying  on  amongst  the  children  of  Israel,  he  would  make  a  few  observations  to  re remind  mind remind  them  of  the  wonderful  position  which  that  people  now  occupied  in  the  world.  They  found  that  people,  already-lo already-located,  cated, already-located,  in  the  wideness  of  their  dispersion  in  pl  ,-  aces  where  they'as  Englishmen;with  all  their  energy  and  enterprise,  could  not  follow  them.  They  were  to  be  found  in  Timbuctoo,  in  Central  Africa,  where  the  foot  of  no  EngliSh  traveller  had  been  yet  able  to  penetrate  ;  and  they  were  to  be  found  again  scattered  throughout  the  vast  territories  of  China'  but  preserving  wherever  they  were  that  peculiar  identity  which  bore  such  wonderful  testimony  to_the  truth  of  revelation.  That  identity  was  most  remarkable—so  remarkable  that  the  books  of  their  worship  which  were  brought  from  China  were  remarkable  solely,  if  he  might  term  it,  from  the  of  for  one  might  enter  with  them  into  the  synagogue  either  of  LiverpOol  or  London,  and  with  them  in  hand  follow,  word  for  word,  the  prayers  and  ceremonies  therein  performed.  Such  identity  was  most  remarkakle,  but  it  should  impel  them  to  struggle  the  more,  and  availing  of  the  mighty  movement  now  going  on  in  China,  endeavour,  with  God's  blessing,  to  bring  back  into  th  e  aith  the  widely widelyscattered  scattered widelyscattered  people  of  the  Jewish  race.  (Applause.)  It  was  painful  to  see  how  christianity  was  corrupted  where  most  of  the  Jews  lived.  The  rev.  gentleman  then  proceeded  to  show  how  tabular  statements,  which  he  might  call  the  arith arithmetic  metic arithmetic  of  missions,  of  conversions  among  the  Jewish  people  could  not  be  presented  to  such  meetings,  as  in  the  case  of  other  missions:  •It  would  be  easy,  no  doubt,  to  present  such  statements,  but  it  was  much  better  to  state  the  the  whole  truth,  and  nothing  but  the  when  the  cause  of  that  inability  was  known,  the  matter  would  no  longer  appear  strange.  In  other  missions,  congre congregationi  gationi congregationi  could  be  :gathered  and  churches  established,  and  the  missionary  could,  from  time  to  time,  give  regular  and  authentic  returns  of  the  extent  and  success  of  his  labours.  But  in  the  Jewish  mission  that  could  not  be  done  ;  for  the  people  being  scattered  the  labours  of  the  missionary  should  be  of  a  like  character.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  rev.  gentleman  then  detailed  many  particulars  shelving  the  success  of  the  Jewish  mission  in  Upper  Silesia,  and  particularised  the  exertions  of  Moritz,  an  Israelite  by  birth,  an  d  o  th  er  missionaries,  in  forwarding  there  the  good  work.  He  then  described  what  they  were  doing  in  this  respect  in  the  sphere  of  his  own  labours,  Berlin.  The  kings  of  Prussia,  though  they  did  not  treat  the  Jews  with  any  particular  favour,  yet  allowed  them  to  trade  and  traffic  unrestrictedly,  and  enjoy  the  privilege  of  ordinary  citizenship  ;  and  on  that  account  the  intercourse  between  them  and  the  Missionaries  was  full  and  perfect.  And  as  a  proof  that  that  intercourse  was  not  without  fruit,  he  would  merely  mention  that  in  Berlin  alone  their  were  2000  of  the  Jewish  race  united  with  them,  and  2000  more  in  London.  (Applause.)  He  himself  had  200  candidates  for  baptism,  43  of  whom  he  baptised  ;  while  throughout  all  Germany  they  had  schools  established  for  the  education  of  youth,  6000  children  receiving  education  in  the  Duchy  of  Posen  alone.  (Applause.)  This  to  be  sure  was  much,  an  d  th  oug  h  he  was  thankful  that  they  had  made  a  beginning,  however  small,  yet  they  should  recollect  that  vastly  more  remained  to  be  done,  and  under  divine  providence,  he  hoped  they  would  never  cease  in  their  exe  r  tion  s  until  that  was  completed.  (Applause.)  _  _  _  The  Rev  . STYLE=superscript  .  Mr  KEELY,  Secretary  of  the  Irish  Church  . STYLE=superscript  Edu Education  cation Education  Society,  then  rose  to  address  the  meeting,  and  was  warmly  received.  After  a  few  brief  introductory  remarks,  he  observed,  that  in  coming  forward  to  plead  for  sympathy,  and  ask  assistance  in  the  support  of  the  society,  which  he  advocated,  it  might  naturally  be  asked,  what  claim  had  it  either  to  their  - STYLE=superscript  sympathy  or'  support.  (Hear,  hear.)  To  prove  that  claim  he  would  not  take  them  to  the  court  or  parliament  of  Prussia,  but  he  would  ask  them  to  go  with  him  to  an  humble  chamber  of  sickness  in  one  of  the  suburbs  of  London,  not  as  connected  with  the  Jewish  Society,  but  as  a  clergyman  resident  in  the  neighbourhood.  A  friend  had  asked  him  to  visit  that  poor  sick  chamber,  and  on  going  there  he  found  a  Jewe  ss  ,  w  h  o  h  a  d  learned  through  some  means  with  which  he  was  not  acquainted,  the  Word  of  Life.  She  had  left  the  paternal  roof  and  given  up  the  com comforts  forts comforts  which  she  had  there  enjoyed  ;  for  she  preferred  to  yield  every  earthly  luxury,  and  every  human  tie  rather  than  give  up  her  Saviour.  She  therefore  went  forth  an  outcast  from  her  father's  home,  and  where  did  she  find  it  refuge  ?  In  the  Institution  belonging  to  the  Jewish  Society.  (Applause.)  •  There  she  was  received  with  the  arms  of  Christian  love.  Her  faith  as  her  knowledge  grew  became  the  more  and  more  confirmed,  but  death  soon  laid  his  hand  upon  her.  Con Consumption  sumption Consumption  developed  itself  in  her  youthful  frame  ;  she  was  removed  to  the  hospital  at  Brompton,  but  despite  of  e  ver  y  medical  care  and  attention,  she  speedily  sank  beneath  th  e  disease,  and  passed  into  the  world  of  love  and  joy  with  that  peace  and  trust  which  a  belief  in  the  merits  of  our  Saviour  is  sure  to  impart.  But  what  had  the  Jewish  Society  done  for  its  own  members?  Had  it  not  realised  for  them  an  increase  of  knowledge,  and  with  that  knowledge,  an  increase  of  hope  and  happiness.  (Applause).  The  Rev.  gentleman  then  concluded  by  observing  that  the  more  they  studied  this  subject,  the  more  would  they  be  anxious  to  impart  Christianity  to  the  Jews,  in  making  known  to  them  the  Gospel  of  Christ.  The  Rev.  Dr.  31'NEILL  on  coming  fortard  was  loudly  applauded.  He  said  they  were  highly  indebted,  and  he  thought  he  might  add  with  t  ru  th,  that  they  were  sincerely  gratified/at  the  deeply  interesting  details  which  the  Rev.  Mr.  Aeyrst  had  laid  before  the  meeting  of  the  operation  of  the  Jews'  Society.  (Hear,  hear).  Some  of  these  details  deserved  to  be  recollected,  and  particularly  those  in  which  he  instanced  the  ready  witnesses  which  the  Jews  in  Africa  and  China  afforded  as  to  the  wonderful  identity  existing  amongtt  their  race.  He  (Dr.  M‘Neill)  might  perhaps  be  permitted,  for  a  few  minntes  to  advert  to  some  of  those  more  general  principles  which  were  involved  in  the  fact,  and  as  Missionary  as  other  Society,  societies  and  he  thought,  in  the  Christian  duty  of  having  a  separate  effort  on  behalf  of  the  Jewish  people.  (Hear,  hear).  Their  So Society  ciety Society  was  a  a STYLE=superscript  s STYLE=superscript  u  s  e  such,d— STYLE=superscript  ib  t STYLE=superscript  e  used—bibles,  s STYLE=superscript  ,  e STYLE=superscript  p  d STYLE=superscript  r  a  such STYLE=superscript  yer  -  books,  Scripture-readers,and  Schools.  It  was  a  Protestant  Missionary  Society  (applause),  and,  as  such,  it  repudiated  instrumentalities  t STYLE=superscript  the  traditions  and  superstitions  of  the  Talmud,  and  bore  wit witness  ness witness  against  the  image-worship,  and  he  might  add  the  heresy  of  the  Greek  Church:  he  said  so  with  emphasis  because  they  found  in  their  own  church  some  who  were  now  apologising  for  that  same  Greek  church,  and  finding  fault  with  their  ex•  cellent  Bishop  Gobart  for  making  proselytes  out  of  it.  But  the  more  proselytes  he  could  make  out  of  it  the  better.  (Applause.)  It  was  strange  that  advocates,  par  excellence,  of  orthodoxy  should  be  taking  part  with  the  Greek  church,  separated  as  it  was  from  the  reformed  church  upon  special  questions  of  theology,  and  pronounced  practically  by  the  continuance  of  their  system  in  perpetuo  a  heretical  church.  But  as  he  said  the  society  was  a  church  and  Protestant  missionary  society,  and  upon  those  grounds  they  might  ap appeal  peal appeal  for  attention  and  for  support.  But  this,  although  the  truth,  was  not  the  whole  truth.  Viewed  thus  as  a  mission missionary  ary missionary  society,  and  only  such,  they  should  candidly  confess  car carried  ried carried  with  it  comparatively  but  a  trifling  support,—a  trifling  interest.  The  society  had  for  its  object  to  promote  christi christianity  anity christianity  amongst  the  Jews  scattered  amongst  the  nations  of  the  earth.  But  when  their  numbers  were  compared  with  the  vast  numbers  of  heathens  and  idolate  rs  t  o  b  e  conver  t  e  d,  it  , STYLE=superscript  was  asked  why  have  a  separate  society—why  a  distinct  com committee,  mittee, committee,  with  its  officers,  and  its  deputations,  and  all  this  in increased  creased increased  expense?  Why  not  have  one  branch  of  the  great  missionary  society  appointed  to  do  this  little  Jewish  work  ?  But  the  clergy  who  thought  thus  did  not  generally  preach  for  the  society,  and  the  laity  who  thought  thus  did  not  generally  subscribe  to  the  society.  There  was  another  feature  connected  with  the  society  calculated  to  diminish  the  amount  of  interest  that  men  took  in  it,  and  the  amount  of  support  consequently  given  to  it.  It  had  been  already  alluded  to—he  meant  the  results,  which,  in  point  of  fact,  were  considerable,  though  they  were  such  that  at  no  one-time,  or  at  no  one  place,  could  they  make  a  con considerable  siderable considerable  show.  But  what  was  there  belonging  to  the  Jews  which  entitled  the  mission  to  them  to  the  special  attention,  interest,  and  support  of  the  christian  church  ?  To  answer  this  they  should  hav3  recourse.  not  to  the  speculations  and  reasonings  of  men  but  to  the  Word  of  God.  In  the  scrip scriptures  tures scriptures  they  found  tie  J  ews  spoken  of  as  no  other  people  were  spoken  of.  That  they  had  been  a  distinct  people  -  was  un undeniable  deniable undeniable  to  all  that  believed  in  histOry.  That  they  were  a  distinct  people,  was  undeniable  to  all  who  belie  v  ed  th  e  i  r  senses  ;  and  that  they  should  continue  a  distinct  people,  was  equally  undeniable  to  all  who  really  believed  in  prophecy.  (Applause.)  The  rev.  gentleman  then  proceeded  to  show  how  an  apostolical  precedence  was  granted  to  Jews,  and  on  this  elociently  founded  their  claims  to  every  exertion  on  the  part  of  the  christian  church  to  convert  them  to  the  true  faith.  •  The  Rev.  W.  Scorr,  secretary  to  the  London  Society,  then  addressed  the  meeting.  He  followed  up  the  arguments  of  the  Rev.  Dr.  M'Neill,  and  observed  that  th  e  christian  church  neglected  its  duty,  if  it  omitted  to  preach  the  gospel  to  the  Jewish  people.  He  showed  how  remarkable  it  was,  that  during  1806  years  this  duty  should  have  been  neglected,  and  said  that  they  argued  wrong  in  supposing  that  the  Jews  had-  a  knowledge  of  the  scriptures  until  the  present  times.  'He  laid  it  down  as  a  principle,  that  where  man's  tradition  was  taken  as  rule  of  faith,  in  that  proportiOn  the  word  of  God  was  departed  from,  and  commented'  on  a  lecture  of  Cardinal  Wiseman's,  in  which  he  told  the  Jews  that  they  had  as  much  right  to  believe  their  traditions  as  much  inspired  as  the  word  of  God.  He  then  contrasted  the  state  of  Jerusalem  in  1836  with  its  present  state,  and  , STYLE=superscript  con concluded  cluded concluded  by  calling  on  the  meeting  to  persevere  in  its  support  of  the  society.  The  REV.  MR.  KERNS  then  addressed  the  meeting,  and  briefly  but  forcibly  pointed  out  those  circumstances  which  were  favourable  to  the  spread  of  Christianity  amongst  the  Jews  at  the  present  time.  He  described  how  their  prejudices  were  gradually  declining,  and  how  the  spirit  of  innovation  creeping  amongst  them,  they  were  departing  from  their  old  customs  and  traditions.  And  after  shewing  that  the  tendency  of  the  Jews,  both  at  .liome  and  abiaad,  was  to  the  English  Church,  be  concluded  by  detailing  some  facts  con connected  nected connected  with  the  success  of  the  Jewish  mission  on  the  Continent.  After  the  usual  vote  of  thanks  had  been  given  by  accla acclamation,  mation, acclamation,  on  the  motion  of  Dr.  M'Neile,  to  the  chairman,  tho  CORN.—From  a  Parliamentary  paper  it  appears  that  in  the  year  ended  the  6th  January,  the  public  income  from  corn  amounted  to  £404,386.  _  _  -  The  aide-de-camp  in  chief  of  the  Generalissimo  of  the  Ottoman  forces  (Schadrov  Bey)  .is  daily  expected  to  arrive  in  London  on  a  special  message  from  Omer  Pacha  to  the  British  Government."
