text
"The  culprit  mm  to  tie  quick,  ana  recurring  fully  expectsilleywood.will  make  s  trial  don  executioner,  Ca  hall  publish  further  parti,  Mn  as  the  sentence  of  the  law  has  been  carried  into  EXTENSIVE  PREPARATIONS  IN  LIVER.  POOL  FOR  THE  ENSUING  CAMPAI(  -  w w  That  government.  believe  that.  the  hollow  prc  Lions  which  are  just  now  being  „promul  gated  by'  diplo-  matists,  are  not  likely  .to  end  in  peaceful  issu(  may  be  inferred  from  the  extensive  preparations  which  are  being  made  all  over  the  country  for  renewing  hostilities  during  the  ensuing  spring.  What  is  doing  in  the  principal  foundries  throughout,  the  kingdom  may  be  judged  from  the  activity  diiplayed  in  Liverpool  alone,  where  the  following  immense  amount  of  'war  material  ig  in  process  of  construc construction.  tion. construction.  First  of  all  may  be  mentioned  the  name  of  Mr.  John  Laird,  the  well-known  shipbuilder,  who  has,  in  his  yards  at  Birkenhead  and  Liverpool,  fourteen  wooden  screw  gun gunboats,  boats, gunboats,  already  far  - STYLE=superscript  advanced  in  construction,  of  240  tons,  and  'about  60  horse  power  eacb,  to  be  armed  with  two  heavy  guns  .a-piece.  'lt  is  said  that  government  are  so  well  satisfied  with  the  progress  ;  already;  made,  that  they  have  this  week  doubled  Mr.  Laird's  order  so  that  he  will  now  have  twenty-eight  vessels  of  war  on  hand.  Then  at  the  Mersey  Steel  and  Iron  Works,  in  addition  to  the  monster  wrought-iron  gun  which  they  are  going  to  present  to  government,  and  which  is  to  be  15  feet  long,  13  inch  bore,  25  tons  weight,  and  capable  'of  throwing  a  ball  of  300!hs.  a  distance  of  five  miles,  they  have  been  'commissioned  to  make  two  enormous  wrought  iron  mortars,  which  will  be  charged  with  nearly  two  cwt.  for  each  charge,  and  throw  shells  of  36  inches  diameter.  This  siz)  an  I  description  of  mortar  will  be  quite  unparalleled,  but  great  confi  fence  is  felt  as  to  the  result  of  the  experiment.  At  Messrs.  Forrester  and,  Co.'s,  Vauxhall  Foundry,  between  7,000  and  8,000  tons  of  8,  10  and  13-inch  shell  have  been  turned  out  during  the  last  six  months.  Indeed,  1,400  tons  of  these  projectiles  have  been'shipped  iDtt*  to  Woolwich  during  the  last  ten  days,  besides  two,  or  three  dozen  10-inch  and  13-inch  Mortars  for  sea  and  land  service.  There  are  two  immense  cast  iron  mortars  making  at  this  establishment,  to  throw  18-inch  shells.  This  is  5  inches  more  diameter  than  any  shell  previously  ,made  in  this  country  ;  but  the  Russian  Whistling  at  Sebastopel  was  a  15.  inch  shell.  The  first  of  . STYLE=superscript  the  large  mortars  was  taken  Out  - STYLE=superscript  of  the  mould  this  week,  and  the  .mass  of  metal  in  that  state  of  which  it  is  composed  weighs  twenty-five  tons.  The  workmen  have  borrowed  Punch's  idea,  and  humorously  nicknamed  it  the  Palmerston  Then  again,  at  Messrs.  Fawcett,  Preston  and  Co's  the  same  activity  prevails.  They  are  m STYLE=superscript  anufacturing,  it  is  understood,  about  90  of  the  largest  class  (13.  inch)  mortars,  60  for  the  sea,  and  40  for  land  sefyice.  Although,  the  same  bore,  the  difference  in  the  size  of  land  and  sea  service  mortars  is  far  greater  than  most  persons  would  imagine.  For  instance,  the  land  service  mortar,  when  'finished  and  ready  fbr  delivery,  weighs  about"
