text
"or  of  Dancing,  street,  Bir  ken:  class  at  8,  p.m  troduced.  Private  tuition  THE  DUTIES  OF  MISS  MARSHALL'S  ESTABLISHMENT  for  Young  Ladies,  at  the  above  well  known  Watering  Place,  will  be  RESUMED  on  Thursday  next,  January  the  24;h.  Terms  may  be  had,  and  Retere,.ces  inven,  on  application  to  Miss  Marshall.  TWO  PARLOUR  BOARDERS  RECEIVED.  St.  George's-mount,  January  16th,  1856.  Just  arrived,  pe  racific,  No.  5  of  FRANK  LESLIE'S  ILLUSTRATED  AMERICAN  NEWSPAPER.  Price  Sixpence  •  To  be  had  at  th.  Northern  Daily  Times  office,  19,  South  John.  street.  The  Largest,  Cheapest,  and  Best  Selected  Stock  of  GLASS,  CHINA,  and  EARTHENWARE,  IS  AT  J.  WARD'S  40,  BOLD  STREET,  LfwERPOOL  All  Patterns  Purchased  at  this  Establlshmem.  Matched  at  any  time.  Dinner  Sets,  for  Twelve  Persons  ..from  40s.  to  a  820  per  Set.  Dessert  Do.  Do.  .  from  255.  to  .W2O  Do.  China  Tea  Sets,  Burnished  Gold,  upwards  of  100  Patterns  from  10s.  6d.  to  es  Do.  China  Breakfast  Sets,  Burnished  Gold,  from  ss.  to  £7  Do.  Toilet  Sets,  50  Patterns  ....  •  •  .  from  ss.  to  508.  D  o  .  China  Tea  Cups  and  Saucers,  Blue  Figure....  is.  3d.  per  Half  Dozen.  Jugs,  Parian  China,  Stone  Jugs,  with  Metal  Tops,  for  Hot  Water,  and  a  great  variety  of  others,  of  all  sizes.  All  kinds  of  Kitchen  Ware,  very  cheap.  Stone  Jars,  Feet  Warmers,  Baking  Pans,  Bread  Pans,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  Richly  Cut  Glass,  the  best  that  can  be  made,  in  all  articles.  Pressed  Glass,  of  Ist  and  2nd  quality,  at  prices  that  defy  com competition.  petition. competition.  French  China  Ornaments,  Painted  and  Gilt,  in  hundreds  of  pat.  terns  and  designs,  from  3s.  6d.  to  .4'6  per  Set.  Figure  Shades,  for  Covering  Ornaments  ,all  sizes,  and  Stands  for  them.  Gilt  and  Black.  N.B.—J.  W  begs  to  return  thanks  to  the  publicfor  the  patronage  he  has  received,  and  his  success  enables  him  now  to  offer  to  the  public  a  magnificent,  large  ,and  first-class  stock  of  goods,such  as  very  tew  equal,  and  none  surpass,  for  quality  or  cheapness.  Goods  delivered  within  Four  Miles  Free  of  Charge.  Observe—J.  WARD.  40.  BOLD  STREET.  LIVRRPOOL.  •  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  GENERAL  PRINTING  ESTABLISHMENT,  19,  SOUTH  JOHN  STREET,  LIVERPOOL  CHARLES  WILLMER,  PROPRIETOR,  TETLEY'S  EAST  INDIA  PALE  ALE.--  The  attention  of  Hotel  Keepers,  and  of  the  Trade  generally  in  Liverpool,  is  respectfully  invited  to  TETLEY'S  EAST  I  DIA  PALE  ALE,  which  has  established  a  first-rate  reputation  in  the  Metropolis,  and  will  be  found  to  compare  advantageously  both  in  quality  and  pric-  with  the  finest  brands,  without  exception,  to  be  found  in  the  market.  Reference  is  requested  to  the  following  Extracts  from  Professor  Muspratt's  Work  on  Chemistry,  noticed  In  the  Glasgow  Herald,  august  28th.  1854  :  Chemistry,  Theoretical,  Practical,  and  Analytical,  as  applied  to  the  Arts  and  Manufactures.  By  Or.  Muspratt,  ,  M.R.I.A.  Parts  6to  9  inclusive.  Glasgow  :  William  Mackenzie.  The  to  our  following  extract  upon  a  pop  u  l  ar  su  bj  ect  may  be  interesting  readers  :  or  East  India  Ale  is  nothing  more  than  beer  made  from  worts  extracted  from  the  palest  malt  and  boiled  with  the  palest  and  best  hops.  Every  attend:  nis  given  to  the  selection  of  these  materials,  in  order  to  ensure  the  pale  colour  peculiar  to  this  ale.  only  localities  where  this  excellent  beverage  is  produced  in  large  quantities  ar  Burton,  London,  Glasgow,  and  Leeds.  In  the  latter  place  a  very  lar,  e  quantity  of  Pale  Ale  has  for  some  years  been  brewed  by  Messrs.  Tetley  and  Son.-  ‘  a  T  icvo  b  h  ka  e  a  r  iu  e  er  cu  o  '  r  ia  ti  r  ie  excellence  of  the  ale:  of  the  Messrs.  Tetley,  like  those  of  B  ur  t  on—both  of  the  lot  er  of  which  were  analysed  by  the  editor,  as  al  so  t  h  e  waters  used  in  their  preparation—is  their  keeping  h  ps  quality,  o  t  ag  pale  n STYLE=superscript  brewer,  r  e  t  i  h  v  a  e  t  r  deli delicate  cate delicate  ,  so  ale  withstanding  his  utmost  efforts  to  secure  it.  This,  of  course,  arises  from  the  near  approach  made  in  their  practice  to  the  theory,  that  a  low  fermenting  heat  can  alcne  preserve  the  beer  from  the  simul simultaneous  taneous simultaneous  formation  of  the  acetic  acid  with  the  alcohol,  and  their  recognition  of  the  fact  that  q'2°  Fahr.  is  the  highest  degree  of  heat  that  can  be  depended  upon.  Brewing,  it  is  well  known,  has  been  long  carried  on  in  Bavaria  on  these  principles;  but  hitherto  there  has  existed  an  insuperable  objection  to  their  adoption  by  the  more  extensive  firms  of  this  country,  on  account  of  the  great  length  of  time  required  for  perfect  attenuation.  This STYLE=superscript  difficulty,  however,  would  appear  to  be  at  length  overcome,  the  fermentations  being  now  finished  in  as  short  a  time  as  by  the  old  mode  :  the  hop  flavour  a  also  preserved,  and  indeed  it  may  be  safely  asserted  that  its  deli delicate  cate delicate  aroma  is  never  more  surely  destroyed  than  by  high  and  tur.  bulent  fermentation.  This  new  process  of  brewing  pale  ale  has  also  the  advantage  of  affording  greater  purity  of  fragrance,  it  being  well  known  that  the  dissolution  of  balm  by  alcohol,  the  result  of  which  may  often  be  detected  by  the  yeasty  flayour  of  the  ale,  is  much  accelerated  by  high  temperatures.  Good  water,  Os  previously  stated,  is  indispen indispensable  sable indispensable  in  a  brewery,  for  sound  ale  cannot  be  brewed  with  water  not  adapted  for  the  purpose.  The  water  at  the  brewery  of  Messrs.  Tetley  is  similar  in  constitution  to  the  Burton  water.  as  will  beseen  on  reference  t  the  analysis  of  it,  by  the  editor,  at  page  The  fact  of  these  Ales  successfully  competing  with  the  ve-y  finest  brands  may  be  substantiated  by  reference  to  the  number  of  first-class  houses  in  Landon,  to  which  it  is  supplied.  A  list  of  them  will  be  furnished,  on  application  to  the  Liverpool  agent,  of  whom  a  list  can  also  be  procured  of  the  leading  houses  in  the  pi  ovinces,  where  Tetley's  Pale  Ale  may  be  obtained,  either  in  bottle  or  in  draught.  The  Brewi•ery,  Leeag.  LIST  OF  STORES.  LONDO  .......  169,  Upper  Than  - STYLE=superscript  es-street.  DUBLIN  ..  ..60.  Middle  Abbey-street.  YORK  Swinegate.  MANCHESTER  26,  Blackfriars.  BIRMINGHAM  ....  Castle-  , STYLE=superscript  treet.  LIVERPOOL  3,  Exchange-street  West.  SOLE  AGENT  IN  LIVERPOOL,  MR.  W.  W.  DORRINGTON,  26,  NORTH  JOHN  -STREET."
