text
"and  laughter.)  And,  therefore,  even  upon  a  subject  like  that  of  the  paper  duty,  I  find  I  have  very  little  to  say.  (Laughter.)  However,  I  may  say  this,  I  had  the  pleasure  of  seeing,  in  the  extensive  warehouse  of  a  gentleman  now  before  me,  upon  yesterday—l  had  the  pleasure  of  seeing  the  beautiful  manipulation,  for  it  is  so,  performed,  which  constitutes  the  process  of  packing  the  goods  for  exportation.  It  was  im impossible  possible impossible  not  to  observe  on  the  packages  which  were  put  in  order  before  my  eyes,  and  the  bulk  of  which  I  believe  con consisted  sisted consisted  of  worsted,  intended  for  Madras—it  was  impossible  not  to  observe  a  very  considerable  quantity  of  paper.  Ido  not  know  whether  there  may  not  have  been  101b  s  .  or  151bs.  of  paper  upon  every  package,  it  is  liable  to  an  excise  duty  of;  I  think,  lid.  per  lb.,  and  it  is  perfectly  obvious  to  me,  with  no  great  exercise  of  the  understanding  to  perceive  it,  that  the  lid.  per  pound  laid  upon  the  paper  of  the  package,  as  far  as  the  practical  operation  of  the  duty  is  concerned,  might  well  have  been  laid  upon  the  commodities  themselves.  It  is  precisely  the  same  operation,  and,  therefore,  undoubtedly  the  prin principles  ciples principles  which  have  led  Parliament  to  exempt  the  great  manu manufactures  factures manufactures  of  the  country  themselves  ^  from  the  extremely  im-  politic  and  erroneous  pressure  of  excise  duty,.  is  peifectly  capable  of  extension—when  the  proper  time  arrives  and  cir circumstances  cumstances circumstances  permit  it—(loud  laughter)—is  perfectly  capa capable  ble capable  of  extension  to  the  material  in  which  the  manufactures  are  wrapped.  (Hear,  hear).  Now,  gentlemen,  that  is  really  all  I  have  to  say  upon  such  a  subject.  (Laughter).  But  it  is  here  stated  by  the  Council  that  they  hope  to  witness  the  result  of  the  policy  which  I  have  advoCatet  continued,  and  the  increasing  prosperity  of  all  classes  in  the  country.  There  is  one  reference  in  the  address  of  the  Corporation  which,  before  I  speak  of  that  subject,  I  should  perhaps  no notice.  tice. notice.  It  is  stated  here,  and  it  provoked  a  smile,  not  from  me  only,  but  from  several  others,  that  the  income  tax  had  been  renewed  upon  a  clear  and  distinct  understanding  that  at  the  expiration  of  that  renewed  term  for  which  it  had  been  inforced,  the  tax  should  disappear.  Now,  gentlemen,  in  a  few  words,  I  may  state  to  you  hiAv  I  consider  - STYLE=superscript  the  matter  stands,  For  my  own  part,  I  have  not  in  the  least  degree  hesitated  to  declare  my  opinion  respecting  the  Income  Tax,  and  to  this  effect—that  it  being  impossible  to  reconstruct  it,  a  sense  of  injustice  and  inequality  in  the  minds  of  the  community  at attends  tends attends  its  operation—that  the  people  of  England  have  been  found  willing  to  submit  to  it,  and  probably  would  be  found  so,  for  the  purpose  of  attaining  any  great  object  of  public  policy,  or  of  warding  off  natural  dangers  but  upon  that  very  account  it  was  probably  not  well  suited  for  to  form  a  par  of  our  ordinary  system  of  taxation.  (Hear,  hear.)  Now  that  is  my  opinion  as  adindividual.  But,  as  regards  Parlia Parliament,  ment, Parliament,  you  are  quite  aware  that  it  is  impossible,  and  that  the  attempt  would  be  ludicrous  to  bind  the  Parliament  of  1860.  The  present  Parliament  have  made  no  such  attempt.  What  the  present  Parliament  has  done  is  this.  Knowing  that  pledges  for  the  renewal  of  the  Income  Tax  would  be  delu delusive,  sive, delusive,  knowing  that  they  ,  would  only  form  part  of  a  system  of  public  imposture  which  I  hope  will  never  be  admitted  into  the  Government  of  the  country,  namely,  carrying  on  public  affairs,  and  supporting  the  public  administration  by  promises  instead  of  by  performances.  Knowing  this,  gentlemen,  we  never  attempted  to  ask  this  Parliament  to  bind  a  future  Par Parliament  liament Parliament  in  regard  to  the  continuation  of  the  Income  tax.  But  what  we  did  was  this.  We  asked  of  Parliament  to  adopt  positive  measnres  for  the  reduction  of  the  Income  Tax  in  the  time  that  is  to  elapse  between  1854  and  1860.  And  likewise,  having  from  another  source,  namely,  the  succes succession  sion succession  tax,  that  which  may  in  some  considerable  degree  replace  the  redtiction  of  the  Income  Tax,  we  asked  them  by  adopting  that  measure  so  to  reduce  the  amount  of  the  Income  Tax  and  so  to  shape  the  other  fiscal  resources  of  the  coun country,  try, country,  that  in  all  human  probability,  and  barring  the  calamity  of  a  general  war,  when  the  year  1860  arrives.  Parliament  at  that  period  will  be  able  to  do  what,  since  1845  no  Parliament  has  been  enabled  to  do—that  is,  to  exercise  a  free,  real,  and  unbiassed  judgment  upon  the  question,  whether  there  shall  be  an  income  tax  or  not.  (Hear,  hear).  Now  that  is  what  we  have  done—no  more,  and,  I  trust  no  less.  We  have  secured  to  the  people  of  England,  through  the  medium  of  their  representatives,  the  power  of  saying  freely  in  1860—  and  by  freely,  I  mean  without  a  great  de deficiency  ficiency deficiency  of  five  millions  staring  them  in  the  face—there  is  not  much  freedom  in  that  (hear,  hear,  and  laughter,)  we  have  secured  to  them,  by  collateral  measures,  the  power  of  saying  freely  whether  tbey  will  continue  the  operations  of  the  income  tax.  (Hear,  hear).  Gentlemen,  I  have  endeavoured  to  place  before  you,  without  subterfuge  or  evasion,  exactly  what  the  Government  have  done.  They  have  endeavoured  to  make  such  a  reduction  of  taxation  as  will  place  the  question,  in  a  practical  position  for  a  free  dis discussion  cussion discussion  upon  the  subject.  Well,  sir,  with  regard  to  the  continued  and  increasing  prosperity  of  all  classes  in  this  country,  thank  God,  I  believe  that  is  an  admitted  fact.  (Hear  hear).  I  believe  we  arc  living  now  at  a  time,  when  the  prices  of  grain  have  become  very  high,  yet  there  is  not,  so  far  as  I  am  aware,  one  single  voice  which  has  been  raised  in  murmuring  accents  from  one  end  to  the  other  of  the  ountry  on  account  of  the  high  prices.  (Hear,  and  cheers).  The  high  prices  are  paid  with  contentment,  because  they  are  she  result  of  the  wisdom  of  the  Almighty,  in  the  inclemency  A  the  weather  he  has  seen  fit  to  permit.  They  do  not  threaten  public  security.  The  intelligence  of  the  people  knows  the  cause,  and  although  the  result  may  constitute  a  burthen,  there  is  no  complaint—nay,  even  I  think  it  is  not  going  too  far  to  say,  that  there  are  many  who  feel  glad  that  the  farmers,  and  especially  those  of  them  who  are  happy  oaough  to  havo  good  crops  upon  the  ground,  that  they  have  got  their  turn  at  last.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  But,  setting  aside  this  partial  and  temporary  exception,  there  is  a  continued  and  increasing  prosperity  among  all  classes  of  the  country.  It  is  a  great  and  gratifying  fact.  It  is  a  fact  which  we  may  contemplate  with  satisfaction,  because  it  is  a  fact  in  which  there  is  no  necessary  mixture  of  evil.  On  the  contrary,  we  have  got  rid  of  the  causes  which  aggravated  the  opposition  between  the  interests  of  classes,  and  which,  through  the  pressure  of  these  causes,  threatened  more  or  less,  if  not  the  peace,  yet,  the  harmony  and  good  will  of  the  community.  (Hear,  hear.)  These  causes  have  disappeared.  We  see  the  great  progress  of  industry  and  of  wealth  ;  thank thankful,  ful, thankful,  I  trust,  to  God  for  having  permitted  us  to  see  those  measures  carried,  which  have  so  much  promoted  progress,  upon  which  we  may  dwell  with  satisfaction.  And  the  reason  of  that  satisfaction,  gentlemen,  is,  I  trust,  not  because  those  who  were  rich  before  have  become  somewhat  richer  now.  (Hear,  hear.)  A  far  higher  purpose  than  that  has  been  attained  by  recent  legislation.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  In  regard  to  the  accumulation  of  wealth,  it  is  indeed,  a  wise  and  holy  though  riches  increase,  set  not  your  heart  upon  It  is  not  for  this  reason,  therefore,  because  we  have  augmented  the  incomes  of  our  wealthy  classes,  that  we  congratulate  ourselves  upon  the  change  which  has  been  brought  about.  It  is  because  of  the  opera operations  tions operations  of  that  change  upon  the  fate  of  this  nation—upon  the  relative  attitude  of  this  and  other  nations,  and  upon  the  condition  of  the  community  at  large.  (Cheers.)  As  s  egards  the  relative  attitude  of  this  with  other  nations,  we  may  cheerfully  hope  that  the  aug,Antation  and  the  opening  up  of  the  channels  of  commerce,  will  bring  about  that  close  and  more  constant  intercourse  which  will  neces necessarily  sarily necessarily  tend  to  abate  that  rivalry  which  has  divided  and  estranged  the  countries  of  christendom  from  one  another,  and  beget  those  sentiments  of  amity  which  will  tend  at  least  to  obviate  these  occasions,  when  the  sword  must  be  drawn  for  the  arbitration  of  national  differences.  (Cheers.)  La Labour,  bour, Labour,  which  has  been  ordained  for  the  life  of  man,—  about',  which,  if  cheerfully  and  obediently  performed,  has  the  cha character  racter character  of  a  blessing,  but  which,  likewise,  has  the  character  of  a  burthen,  and  which  has  been  imposed,  as  I  may  say,  judicially  upon  our  race,  labour  has  been  lightened  of  its  burthens  by  recent  legislation.  (Cheers.)  The  case  will  now,  we  may  hope,  be  rarer,  when  the  soul  of  the  English  artizan,  or  mechanic,  or  peasant,  will  be  borne  down  to  the  earth  by  the  grinding  necessities  of  his  temporal  position.  That  legislation,  which  appears  in  its  first  aspect,  to  concern  itself  only  with  pounds,  shillings,  and  pence,  which  appear  to  regard  only  the  fruits  of  the  earth,  and  the  products  of  material  industry,  ought  rather  to  be  contemplated  in  its  moral  aspects,  and  in  its  social  tendencies.  (Cheers.)  If'  that  legislation  has  lightened  these  burthens,  which  the  masses  of  mankind  are  doomed  to  labour  under—if  it  has  tended  to  liberate  the  spirit  of  man  from  the  necessities  which  the  body  brings  upon  him—if  it  has  enabled  the  fa father  ther father  to  make  easier  and  more  abundant  provision  for  the  maintenance  of  wife  and  children—if  it  has  given  him  time  in  which  the  repose  of  his  limbs  may  set  hisspirit  free  for  the  contemplation  of  higher  interests,  and  higher  objects,—why,  gentlemen,  if  these  things  have  been  done,  and  done  we  know  they  have  been,  the  result  is  one  in  which  all  men  who  have  taken  a  part  in  its  promotion,  however  insignificant,  may  justly  take  a  deep  and  cordial  pleasure.  (Cheers.)  For  myself,  the  part  which  I  have  borne  is  small.  I  stand  in  the  presence  of  a  community  which  has  had  a  great  share  in  bringing  about  this  beneficial  way—l  cannot  say  less—  I  may  call  it  this  blessed  change.  (Cheers.)  But  still  it  has  really  been  a  change  of  that  character  which  commonly  belongs  rather  to-  the  imagination  to  conceive  than  to  the  understanding  to  embody  in  particular  measures,  and  to  the  hand  of  the  statesman  to  model  into  the  form  of  a  law.  It  has  been  plenty  o'er  a  smiling  and  the  result  is  not  only  in  the  comfort  which  is  visible  in  your  great  community  and  elsewhere,  but  in  the  state  of  mind  which  prevails  throughout  England,  in  that  true  and  real  state  of  harmony,  which  although  it  never  can  be  realized  in  this  world,  yet  has  come  nearer  to  our  hopes,  more  within  the  range  of  future  effects,  than  ten  or  twenty  years  ago  we  could  venture  to  presume  it  ever  would.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  Gentlemen,  the  community  of  Mnnchester  may  look  back  back  with  satisfaction  upon  the  part  which  it  has  played,  in  promoting  the  great  change  in  legislation,  a  change  which  has  made  great  progress  towards  consummation  among  us,  but  which,  we  must  recollect,  is  only  beginning,  is  scarcely  began,  among  the  other  nations  of  the  world.  But  the  wave  which  sets  from  this  country  will  pass  over  the  surface  of  the  earth.  (Cheers.)  In  former  times  England  has  been  to  ready  to  raise  the  warlike  hand,  we  must  admit,  and  to  set  on  some  occasions  a  bad  example  to  the  nations  of  the  earth.  I  trust  that  she  will  now  set  a  good  example.  (Cheer.)  I  trust  that  she  is  determined  to  see  the  effects  of  that  lesson  in  the  legislation  of  other  countries  gradually  ex extending  tending extending  itselqrom  place  to  place  until  the  utmost  results  that  could  be  psssibly  hoped  shall  be  achieved.  (Cheers.)  You,  gentlemen,  will  enjoy  a  share  of  the  satisfaction,  in  contem contemplating  plating contemplating  the  result,  such  as  perhaps  no  other  community  can  claim.  As  for  me,  and  as  for  my  humble  individual  efforts,  perfectly  imperceptible  m  what  they  could  produce,  yet,  depend  upon  it  they  will  carry  with  them  their  own  reward  in  themselves.  Even  if  they  did  not  carry  with  them  their  own  reward,  I  should  find  ample  and  far  more  than  ample  recompence  in  any  amount  of  toil  and  pressure  which  might  entitle  me  to  those  documents  which  now  lie  before  me,  and  which  have  recorded  the  liaise  of  Olio  great"
