text
"RUSSIA  AND  TURKEY  FROM  OUR  LONDON  CORRESPONDEN7  LONDON,  TUESDAY  NIGHT  At  length  we  begin  to  have  a  clearer  idea  of  the  relative  position  of  the  two  western  powers  towards  Turkey  and  Russia,  and  of  the  eventualities  which  are  before  each.  As  I  infomed  you  by  telegraph  on  Friday,  the  British  Cabinet,  acting  in  harmony  with  that  of  France,  is  determined  not  to  sacrifice  the  integrity  of  Turkey.  If  this  integrity  is  menaced,  a  war  is  inevitable,  in  which  England  and  France  must  engage  as  principals  with  Russia  and  her  allies,  if  she  have  any.  A  slight  retrospect  will  enable  us  to  see'  how  all  parties  stand  towards  each  other.  At  Olmutz,  an  arrangement  was  made  between  the  AuStrian  minister  and  M.  Nesselrode,  that  every  effort  should  be  made  to  induce  the  Porte  to  accept  the  original  Vienna  note,  which  the  Czar  regarded  as  a  sine  qua  non,  upon  an  unwritten  assurance,  that  the  propositions  in  the  Vienna  note  were  to  be  interpreted  in  a  sense  consistent  with  the  honour  and  security  of  the  Sultan's.  empire.  The  western  powers  refused  to  accept  this  mode  of  settling  the  difficulty,  on.  the  plain  ground  that  it  afforded  no  security  for  the  independence  of  Turkey,  nor  any  against  the  aggressions  of  Russia  —in  fact,  that  it  was  only  another  attempt  to  blind  the  .  eyes  of  the  diplomacy  of  England  and  France.  It  is  owing  to  this  state  of  things,  that  the  Em Emperor  peror Emperor  of  Russia  has  been,  and  is  drawing,  the  King  of  Prussia  and  the  Emperor  of  Austria  round  him,  with  the  view  of  framing  an  offensive  and  defensive  alliance  with  those  powers  against  Eng England  land England  and  France.  In  the  meantime,  England  and  France,  united  still  closer  by  the  attitude  of  the  northern  courts,  have  themselves  framed  a  new  note—framed  it  after  their  united  and  unanimous  determination,  that  Turkey  shall  not  be  sacrificed—containing  all  that  Turkey  requires  ;  but  with  the  important  sine  qna  non  of  the  immediate  evacuation  of  the  Principalities.  This  is  the  final  instrument  which  Russia  is  called  upon  to  adopt  ;  it  is  the  last  opening  for  negotiation.  If  Russia  accepts  it,  peace  will  be  preserved,  and  Turkey  will  have  a  superior  guarantee  against  Russian  aggression  than  she  has  ever  had.  If  Russia  refuses,  the  sword  must  decide  ;  but,  unless  RuSsia  declares  war  agrinst  both  England  and  France—not  an  improbable  contingency  now  —  England  and  France  will  take  no  further  active  measures  than  to  protect  the  shores  and  capital  of  le  Ottoman  empire.  In  other  words,  Turl  ey  will  be  left  to  make  her  own  efforts  to  expel  the  in in•vaders  •vaders in•vaders  from  the  Principalities  ;  but  if  she  be  worsted,  and  the  enemy  advance,  then  he  must  try  conclusions  with  the  forces  of  England  and  France.  The  issue  of  the  contest,  therefore,  cannot  be  doubtful  ;  nor  can  the  contest  itself  be  protracted,  unless  the  humiliation  which  the  Anglo-French  note  implies  on  the  part  of  the  Czar,  should  induce  the  autocrat  to  precipitate  a  European  war.  In  that  case  there  will  be  a  combined  system  of  oper operations  ations operations  in  Italy,  Hungary,  Circassia,  and  possibly  in  Persia,  and  on  the  northern  frontiers  of  our  East  Indian  dominions.  It  is  said  that  the  Emperor  of  Russia  has  so  far  committed  himself  to  this  contest,  that  he  cannot  retire  without  his  personal  safety  being  menaced  by  the  fanaticism  of  his  own  people.  As  to  Turkey,  though  the  accounts  are  contradictory  concerning  the  commencement  of  hostilities,  some  say  they  were  to  begin  immediately  after  the  declaration;  some,  at  the  expiration  of  four  weeks  ;  and  a  Rus Russian  sian Russian  organ  at  Brussels,  the  Belgian  Independence,  says  the  period  is  forty  days—or  six  weeks.  At  present  until  the  despatches  arrive  from  Constantinople  which  will  be  due  in  a  few  hours  from  this  period  lid  which  will  be  brought  down  to  the  2nd  inst.,  bis  impossible  to  say  which  of  these  accounts  is  rue.  The  most  probable  is  that  four  weeks  would  elapse;  but  the  Paris  accounts  say  that  no  period  was  fixed.  We  must  therefore  wait.  If,  however,  any  news  of  a  decisive  character  arrives  in  the  course  of  the  evening,  upon  this  point  I  shall  inform  you  of  it  by  electric  telegraph.  Such  is  the  resume  of  the  actual  position  of  affairs.  But  I  ought  to  add  that  the  10,000  men  which  we  have  agreed  to  send  to  Claudia,  ready  to  act  in  conjunction  with  the  30,000  French  troops,  for  the  defence  of  Constantinople,  will  the  greater  part,  be  drawn  from  Ireland  array  - STYLE=superscript  in  Ireland  is  more  than  sufficient  for  the  wants  of  that  country.  Probably  6000  men  will  be  moved  thence  in  the  course  of  the  next  three  weeks.  The  Paris  correspondent  of  the  Morning  Chron Chronicle,  icle, Chronicle,  has  the  following  paragraph.  is  reported  in  diplomatic  circles  here  that  a  violent  scene  has  taken  place  in  London  between  Lord  Clarendon  and  Baron  Brunnow,  the  Russian  minister.  Lord  Clarendon  is  said  have  directly  chaiged  the  Russian  diplomatist  with  bad  faith,  and  with  having  deceived  the  English  cabinet  as  to  the  intentions  of  Russia  with  respect  to  the  principalities,  and  declared  that  it  was  on  the  faith  of  the  word  of  Baron  Brunnow  that  the  English  and  French  fleets  did  not  pass  the  Dardanelles  when  the  occupied  the  Danubian  pro provinces,  vinces, provinces,  but  that  the  two  cabinets  are  now.  on  their  guard,  and  knew  the  value  of  Russian  promises.  M.  de  Brunnow  was  not  prepared  for  such  an  attack,  and  felt  greatly  at  a  loss  how  to  answer.  The  scene  is  said  to  have  affected  the  Baron  de  Brunnow  so  seriously  that  he  has  been  ill  ever  since—in since—indeed,  deed, since—indeed,  political  illness  frequently  attacks  Russian  diplomatists  in  moments  of  difficulty.  M.  de  Kisseleff  has  had  nearly  a  repetition  of  the  same  scene  with  M.  Drouyn  de  The  funds  maintain  their  position,  but  there  is  a  great  deal  of  latent  uneasiness.  AUSTRAL  - STYLE=superscript  lA.—The  Calcutta,  Allan,  arrived  at  Plymouth  on  Monday  evening  from  Melbourne.  She  was  134  days  on  her  passage,  14  of  which  were  spent  at  Rio  repairing  damages.  She  has  300  bales  of  wool,  and  10,000  ounces  of  gold  dust  on  freight,  though  it  is  said  the  total  amount  of  gold  dust  on  board  is  18,000  ounces.  She  has  brought  45  passengers,  and  five  died,  on  the  passage.  The  Calcutta  spoke  the  Clara  Ann,  American  barque,  on  the  20th  of  August,  which  had  on  board  five  seamen,  only  survivors  of  the  crew  of  the  Liverpool,.  of  Liverpool,  from  Liverpool,  which  foundered  on  her  passage  to  Jamaica,  in  lat.  36,  long.  13  W.  The  Calcutta's  advices  are  anticipated.  THE  WAGES  MOVEMENT  IN  PRESTON.—On  Mon Monday,  day, Monday,  a  document  entitled  a  Prospectus  of  co-operative  drawn  up  by  a  committee  appointed  for  the  purpose  a  fortnight  ago,  was  submitted  to  a  large  meet meeting  ing meeting  of  delegates,  held  in  the  Temperance  Hall.  The  document  says  :—During  the  last  few  years  all  branches  of  the  cotton  trade  have  been  in  a  state  of  unparalleled  prosperity  ;  the  employers  of  labour  have  reaped  princely  fortunes,  while  the  labourer  has  not  enjoyed  his  fair  share  of  prosperity.  This  fact  is  patent  to  the  world;  it  cannot  be  denied  that  the  small  advantages  which  the  toilers  have  obtained  have  been  wrung  from  the  grasp  of  the  employers,  at  an  expence  and  sacrifice  ebual  to  the  benefits  obtained.  We  believe  the  operatives  do  not  desire  a  constant  warfare  —  they  are  anxious  to  live  at  piece  with  all  classes  ;  but  the  painful  conviction  has  forced  itself  upon  their  minds  that  under  the  present  badly-arranged  system  of  capital  and  labour,  the  operatives  will  have  to  wrench  from  unwilling  hands,  their  share  of  the  bsessings  flowing  from  prosperity.  This  unceasing  warfare  the  opsratives  do  not  desire  ;  hence  the  adoption  of  a  better  and  more  equitable  system  of  employment,  has  often  engaged  the  attention  of  persons  anxious  to  promote  the  happiness  and  welfare  of  the  toiling  millions,  by  establishing  a  system  of  co-operative  self selfemployment.  employment. selfemployment.  Look  at  the  enormous  expense  which  has  been  incurred  sn  the  support  of  the  strikes  which  have  taken  place  at  Stockport  and  other  places,  and  ask  yourselves  if  such  a  system  of  waste  shall  continue,  when  the  elements  of  a  better  order  of  things  exist  in  your  own  ranks.  Since  1847,  the  factory  workers  have  lost  more  than  two  millions  of  wealth  by  the  reductions  which  have  taken  place;  and  when  we  remember  the  amount  expended  in  at attempts  tempts attempts  to  prevent  those  reductions,  theloss  is  fearfullyincreased.  To  show  the  advantages  which  may  be  derived  from  co-ope co-operative  rative co-operative  self-employment,  even  on  a  small  scale,  we  will  take  the  case  of  a  Co-operative  Weaving  Company  established  by  working  men  a  few  years  since.  This  company  has  300  power-looms,  which,  after  clearing  all  expenses  realised  a  clear  profit  of  £lOO  &amp;ruing  the  last-half-year.  This  sum  amounts  to  4s.  per  week  from  a  pair  of  looms,  and  when  the  wages  and  .  profits  are  added  together,  the  co-operative  weaver  receives  14s.  or:l6s.  from  his  two  looms  ;  while,  under  the  present  system  of  working  for  others,  10s.  would  be  the  amount  of  his  earnings.  The  co-operative  company  beforementioned  cleared  2s.  per  loom  weekly,  which,  for  1,000  looms,  would  be  £lOO  a  week  ;  and  if  we  suppose  that  spinning  their  own  weft  and  twist  would  have  been  equally  profitable,  we  have  a  concern  making  £200  2  or  £10,400  a  year.  £lO,OOO  a  year  employed  in  the  erection  of  manufac manufactories,  tories, manufactories,  would  every  four  years  build  and  stock  a  mill  capable  of  preparing  material  for  1,000  looms;  consequently,  at  the  end  of  that  time,  we  should  have  machinery  in  motion  which  would  clear  £20,800  a  year,  which  sum  would  be  doubled  every  four  years,  and  would,  in  a  few  years,  erect  mills  and  workshops  in  every  town  and  village,  which  would  give  the  co-operative  labourer  a  position  in  the  markets  of  the  world  that  would  ultimateiy  raise  him  from  the  degradation  and  wages  serfdom  which  have  too  long  been  his  lot.  After  long  consideration,  we  have  concluded  to  establish  co-operative  mills,  as  the  only  permanent  plan  of  elevating  the  labourer  in  the  social  scale  ;  the  necessary  funds  to  be  raised  in  £lO  shares,  by  weekly  contributions  of  The  prospectus  was  approved  by  the  meeting,  which  consisted  of.  about  80  delegates  from  all  parts  of  the  manufacturing  districts.  The  week's  receipts.for  the  turn-outs  was  reported  to  be  £1,300"
