text
"F.  M.  DUKE'S&#34;  STATUE  AND  -  •  •  (From  our  Finq-Axt  Cononisiioizer,.  in  Xanche#er.)  SECOND  •  COMMUNICATION.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  SlR,—The  duties  of  our  commission  led  us,  yes  . STYLE=superscript  -  - STYLE=superscript  terday,  to  the  exhibition  of  modern  paintings  , STYLE=superscript  at  the  Royal  Institution  of  this  'city.  It  is  not  with  the  paintings,  however,  that  our  preSent  communi communication  cation communication  has  to  deal.  You  know,  sir,  the  conscientious  manner  in  which  we  devote  ourselved  to  and  70111'  service.  You  can  understand;  therefore,  that  two  hours  of  critical  application  somewhat  wearied  us.  We  Selected  a  seat  whence  we  could  com command  mand command  a  few  renderings  of  abounding  iir  what  an  eminent  (local)  critic  calls  .  We  hoped  to  .  find  the  refreshing  -to  our  „jaded  vision,  and  were  not  deceived.:  Suddenly  our  back  was  smitten  by  a  vigorous  hand,  and  our  ear  by  a  brisk  Halo  f'  The  double  assault  =he  from.  Mr.  CheckS.  Starting,  we  beheld  hith,  look looking  ing looking  seriously  lively,  holding  a  newspaper  in  'the  one  hand,.and  pocketing-L  . STYLE=superscript  --it  is  his  cUstOrn—all  be below  low below  the  thum  of  the  other.  Oh  !  he  has  got  us  at  last,  has  he?  He  has  been  looking  fo'r  us.  If  we  cast  our  eyes  over  the  paper  he  holds,  we  shall  recognise  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  of  Saturday  last  Who  gave  us  permission  to  print  his  (Mr.  Checks')  opinion  on  the  Wellington  statue  ?  or  publicly  com commit  mit commit  him  to  the  defence  of  its  selecto.  Are  we  not  lords  - STYLE=superscript  and  his  Grace  of.  the  'ripper  house—he  begs  pare....  -^  ,- STYLE=superscript  nmittee  •  are  ins  bad  odour  just  now,  not  only  with  many  el  Lio,  liCittse-he  means  committee—who  hold  the  purse pursestrings,  strings, pursestrings,  but  with  the  Mob,'  who  hold  ;  nothing,,  not.  even  their  tongues  ?.  Such  being  the  case,  however  private  opinion  :Might  approve,  there  .  is  but  one  public  course  for  a  sagacious  and  respectable.  Englishman—and  Mr.  C.  he  is  one—to  take,  hide  his  opinion,  to  wait  and  waver.  Pooh  !  we  need  not  . STYLE=superscript  look  -sarcas -sarcastic: STYLE=superscript  tic: -sarcastic:  greater  men  than  Mr.  Checks  have  - STYLE=superscript  done  it.  Peel.  and  'his  pupils  did  it  With  - STYLE=superscript  free-trade.  So  did  the-times  arid  our  first-rate,  that  is,  onr  very  first-.  rate  . STYLE=superscript  merchants.  It  is  -an  English  and  golden•  rule  of  Life  :  -Peel  found  it  so':  the  tirraca  and  merchants  •firid'it  50  stilt.  Why  shOidd  not  Mr.  Checks?  He  protests  against  our  premature  exposure  of  his`  re regard  gard regard  for  hiS  - STYLE=superscript  noble  neighbours  and  eXcellent  dioce-,  sun  :  ,it  .is  calculated,  to  do  him  an  injury.  His  opinion  on  F.  M.  the  Duke's  statue  .again,  why  had  we.  blazoned  it  forth  to  Liverpool  people?  It  was  .  from  .a  :Manchester  Lpoint  view  - STYLE=superscript  -L  is  -at  Manchester  •  connoisseur  that  •he  apprOved.  of  a'  Manehester  statue,  and  only  to  a  pair  of  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  ears—he  began  to  think  long  ones---was  the'  approval  spoken,  'Did  we  -- STYLE=superscript  suppose  his  peculiarly  local  reasons  for  that  . STYLE=superscript  approval  were  intended  for  general,.  application.?  ~,Then  we  neV.:‘l7  Were  more  mistaken  in  our  Hires.  Cheeks  .  ,  the  commercial,  must  ,be  parochial  and,  practical;  but  Cheeks,  the  esthetic,  „has.,themies  on.art  which  areas  little  satis satisfied.  fied. satisfied.  by  any  .statues.  our  leading  are  likely  to  erect.  in:front  of  the  Infirmary,  as  - STYLE=superscript  by  the  architec architectural  tural architectural  flour-dredger,  plus  pepperbox,  they  are  putting  on  the  top  of  it.  We  have  placed  -him  in  a  false  position.'  We  have  made  hiM  appear  to  offer  a  rushlight  for  general  illumination,  which  was  simply  - STYLE=superscript  Useful  in  a  search  for  Out;eftlie-way.  excuses.  We  have  violated  his  If  he  were  an  an  M.P.,  he,  would  call  us  or,  what  is  the  same  thing,  get  the  sergeant  at  arms,  to  prevent.him.  If  a  man's  words  and  opinions  are  to  be  taken  up,,,written.clown  and  published  in  this  way;  Mr.  Checks  declares  there  will  - STYLE=superscript  be  nothing  left  for  private  life  but  polite  and  public  life  must  , STYLE=superscript  be  reduced  to  iviiting•  protoeblS'aitd  swering,  - STYLE=superscript  with  marked  candour,  deputations.  ',Mr.  Checks,  delivery  of  an  inVectiVe  some_  to  the  'above  effect,  is  glanCing  at  us,.  Over  us;  and  on  every  Side  of  us.  Talking  does  him  . STYLE=superscript  ,  good',  his  irritation  evidently  expends  itself  throngli  j  it.  as  a  One  or  two  of  his  later  'sentences  reach  us  through  the  back  of  his.  head...  He  makes  funnel.of  his  hand  and  quizzes  the  Prize  Painting..  With  his.last  words  hcstrides  abruptly  down  upon  it—apparently  smells  at-  the  , STYLE=superscript  foreground,  and.  is  . STYLE=superscript  'backing  away  froM  it  in  an  inipressiVely  critical  manner,  when  he  suddenly  turns  upon  us  and  ejaculates;  What,  sir,  could,  wo  de?  We  sho  - STYLE=superscript  wed  hirn  that,l'w  we  had  undoubted  precedent  far  telling  everything,  as  for  Withholding,  anything,  we  might  discover.  We  remindecl_  hip  that  private  interests,  unless  rich  ,  or...corperatei,  oust  be.  sacrificed  to  the  public.  good:  .We  hinted  at  a  certain  of  nature,7  commonly  called  in  fact,  we  told,  him  .  plainly,  .that  •  the  main  -  consideration  for  any  is  to  keep'  himself'  in•  commission.  •  To  des  this,  We  'must  either  •  report  or  invent  ;  and  tho  Ugh  the  fornier'  might  at  times  disagreeably  expose  otherpeePle,  the  latter,  weuld,  inevitably  at  . STYLE=superscript  some  tine  eXpo4e  ourselves.'  f STYLE=superscript  We  granted  'that  the  interest  ie  either  case  would-  be  equal  to  the  reading,  public;','hiit public;','hiitnot  not public;','hiitnot  to  your  commissioner,  who,  consequently,  preferred  gaining  his  bread  out  of  Mr:  Cheeks  month  .to-..a.  chance  of  losing,  it.  by  the  injudicious  opening  of  his  own.  71,  Checke  :receives  our  explanation  in  very,  Food  part.  He  - STYLE=superscript  a  man  must  it*  rather  hard  at  times=ell  ?—to  Write  all  out  of  ,  oneifriOlVn  'head.&#34;  -  But  he  begs  'diitinctly  'to  be  -- STYLE=superscript  .  with  the  people  not  belonging  to  his  parish.  'it  '&#34;  - STYLE=superscript  is  this'  way'  with  him.  He  has  two  faces  ~under  one  .'hood..'--7-CheekS,,Mr:  con-  - STYLE=superscript  veutional,  and  checks  - STYLE=superscript  Mr.:  Exeeptienal  are  Of  on  o  .  but  different  partners  in  it.  Both  and  'do  it,  he.  believes,  to  a.  but,  each  has  a  separate  department.  One  can  tell  you  what  will  in  the  Manchester  market,  but  for  the-  market  of  the  world;  yiiii  .  mtist  consult  the  inner  Cheeks  sits  there.  Manchester-buyerS  . STYLE=superscript  intend  -to  operate  in  statues,  will  do  well  te  - STYLE=superscript  Thae  - STYLE=superscript  n.  to  Mr.  Conven Conventional's  tional's Conventional's  recommendation  of  the  quiet  and  corn  mereiabio4ing  old  gentleman,  SeleCted  by  his  respeCted  the  committee  but  strangers.  and  citizens  of  the,  world  may  find_  it  more  profitable  to  lay  in  .  their  of  opinions  through  Checks.  Mr,  Excep  We  . STYLE=superscript  interrupted  our  friend  at  this  juncture,  and  flatter  ourselves  in  a  timely  manner,  by  assuring,  him,  that  --if  .  his  lucid  exposition  of  the  _peculiar  duality  of  his  mind  would.  set  him  right  with  yetir'  readers,  sir,  he  should  be  set  very  soon  . STYLE=superscript  indeed.  He  grasped  .  'our  'hand  with  an  impetuous  cordiality,  at'oace  painful  and  pleasurable.  That  was  a  good  fellew.'  Thank  us!  -  1 STYLE=superscript  -w.nds.  said  ,he,  in  doing  or  saying  a.  thing,  to.  whom  you  an  ., STYLE=superscript  Diff  ore  nt  markets  —.different  styles.  ,  ,  (John  -Tell,  you  modeller  of.  NO.  3,)  should  •  have  thought  of  this..  If  'to  the,  _genius  of  a  sculptor,  he  had-  only  added  the  discrimination  of  a  trader,'  and  -known-the  ''&#34;,Manchester  he  might  have  pushed  the  ;trade'  farnetnily,l  espe especially  cially especially  on  an  f  4 STYLE=superscript  assorted  variety  St‘MPies  — STYLE=superscript  suCh  as  house  7  aqist  l  mews,  .  sent  in.  whg,  - STYLE=superscript  ,  , STYLE=superscript  did,  it.  is,  clear  as  the,  nose  on  his  (Mr,,Che4s')  or  .the  'statues  face,  the,  he  was  equal-to  any.  amount  of  ad.  gentlemen  with  more  or  leas  Alressi  ng-gown  and  inclination  of  head;  - STYLE=superscript  and,  considering  the  high  position  - STYLE=superscript  and  able  to-gaimour  - STYLE=superscript  approbtition,  it  is  a  pity,  Mr.  Cheek§  thinksii'that-he  lost  the  •  These:-sculptors,  -Mr:  Cheeks  says.  . STYLE=superscript  afraid  Joh'  reads  toO•much  notions  about  merchant  in.  relation:to  'art,  too  •  highly,  appyeciatiye,  ko,  be  -pkofi  tabler„  Inemorieu  of  the  energetic  and  refined__men  of  Florence  and  13olognaha,ve  .throvkatitti  mind.  into  _lv.  temporary  on  the  realities.  of  Manchester  and  Stittybridge:  He  , STYLE=superscript  has  foigottem  'that-the  '  Shuffle  bottoms  are'  the.  first  of  their  race,  whilSt  the  Medici  were  iindrefined  - STYLE=superscript  Ihrough  several  genciations  of  wealth  'and'ethicatien.  Our  mer merchant  chant merchant  .  have  only  lived-  long  enough  to  P  a  second  i;en;eiation,'  devoted  to  ggiatjeneu's  Ekud.clubs.  Theirs  a:q11  - STYLE=superscript  i:oy,9,4_,  :  i  a  ,Lorenzo  the  MagUificent-4rsigner  of  . STYLE=superscript  .palaces..,  '  friend,  of  .artists,guvernor  'of  men.  •  Our.  merchant  pr  i  nces  have  as  yet  but  the  taste  of  a  merchant  with  the  wealth  of  a  prince,  and  e*en  .more  of  the  former:than  of.  the  latter.  =  Of  course  theyfknow  this,  .acid,  rightly,  Fire  •not  ashamed  to  acknowledge  it.  They  make  no  beast  and-deserve  rio'blame.  When  heroism  appealecr:l6lheni!l'or  a  tatife,  and',  coUld'not  be  . STYLE=superscript  put  good  eon-n(loff STYLE=superscript  sense&#34;'  strove  hard  to  escape  the  penalty  ,of:avt  mexperi,'  ence  and  ancestral  destitution.  They  chose  qql  .  4e.  in  Choose  fer.the,  and  ..µa  :  ex-.  eellent,  bishop.  to  ,  pg.°  fair  .  Grantingi,thatc  the  :light..  ileverend  ,  gentleman  .saw  'with  tlie)  eyes  of  Mr.  (Conventional)  Cheeks,  he  deseg  fair  play;  and  Manchester'  was  as  fairly  played.  with  as  could  be  expected.  Mr.  Checks  reiterates  that,"
