text
"HEALTH  COMMITTEE.-YESTERDAY  A  special  meeting  of  this  body  was  held  yesterday,  for  the  completion  of  business-  previous  to  the  termination  of  the  municipal  year.  The  first  part  of  the  business  of  the  meet meeting  ing meeting  was  of  a  routine  character,  being  altogether  confined  to  the  consideration  of  some  contracta  which  it  was  necessary  to  complete.  Smno  angry  words  passed  between  the  chairman  and  Mr.  Alderman  Langsdale,  and  Mr.  Newlands,  the  borough  engineer,  but  we  are  unable  to  give  a  detailed  report  of  the  proceenings,  no-  intimation  that  a  special  inLeinig  woum  Uo  held,  having  reached  our  office,  although  such  a  notificati  on  was  forwarded  to  some  of  our  contemporaries.  Before  the  conclusion  of  the  proceedings,  an  interchange  of  words  o  c  curred  between  the  chairman  and  Mr.  Beckwith.  BANKRUPTS.  (From  the  London  Gazette  of  Last  Night.)  Stephen  Crate,  Liverpool,  slater  and  plasterer.  Nov.  14  and  28.  Court  of  Bankruptcy,  Liverpool.  William  Brook,  Manchester,  stuff-merchant.  Nov.  19  and  13.  Court  of  Bankruptcy  Manchester.  Benjamin  Nunnington  Dood,  Hetton-le-Hole,  Durham,  grocer  and  draper  George  Bennett,  Birmingham,  licensed-victualler.  George  Gillard,  London,  boot  and  shoemaker.  Henry  Braun,  London,  general  agent.  Joseph  Matthew,  Little  Waltham,  Pssex,  grocer  and  draper.  Thomas  Pye,  Timber  Merchant,  Chelsea.  andpecember  19,  Basinghall-street.  John  Dawson,  Tolleshunt  D'Arcy,  Essex,  Surgeon.  Charles  Sampter  Morris,  Joham,  ironmonger  Dec.  10,  Basinghall-street.  .  WORTHLESSNESS  OF  REFORM  CLUB  DEBENTURES.—.  Monday,  an  action  was  brought  in  the  Westminster  County  Court,  by  Mr.  Featherstone,  against  Sir  Benjamin  Hall,  Bart.,  M.  P.,  as  one  of  the  general  committee  of  the  Reform,  to  recover  five  and  a  half  year's  interest  on'  a  debenture  for  £5O,  issued  by  the  Reform  Club.  Mr.  Hawkins,  'who  appeared  as  council  for  the  defendant  objected,  as  the  present  application  was  a  chose  in  and  therefore  not  maintainable  at  law.  The  jury  concurred  in  this  view,  and  the  plaintiff  was  nonsuited.  The  case  excited  considerable  interest,  and  the  result  seems  clearly  to  prove  that,  if  the  payment  of  a  Reform  Club  debenture  be  resisted,  •  such  an  instruthent  is  utterly  worthless  to  the  holder.  CONGREGATIONAL  UNION  OF  ENGLAND  AND  WALES.  —The  Autumnal  Meetings  of  this  Union  com commenced  menced commenced  in  the  city  of  Manchester,  on  Monday,  when  devotional  meetings  were  held  in  Rusholme  Road  Chapel,  and  in  the  Hope  Chapel,  Salford.  Last  (Tuesday)  night  a  public  meeting  was  held  in  Cavendish  Street  Chapel,  for  the  Exposition  and  Enforcement  of  Congregational  principles,  and  advocacy  of  i3xitish  Missions.  FIRE,  THIS  MORNS,IO,  IN  THE  4  'S  DOCK,  AND  ~  S  OF  MIT  About  three  o'clock  tl  _..41:  orniug  au  a1ai.,  ,1 STYLE=superscript  i  s  given  that  a  fire  had  - STYLE=superscript  4/'ol:en  out  on  1)6!;;=.•  I.  e  .g  dam  Tug  tug  Dreadnought,  elo  ,,  gi  to  the  ;..  am  r  Tug  Company,  which  was  nag,algrgsiote  tke  r  pier  of  the  King's  Dock.  ,t STYLE=superscript  ti.  ,,, STYLE=superscript  i  ,, STYLE=superscript  A  r STYLE=superscript  iv..EVN.  J  .  .  N.  '1  `;  IT  1,  lo  ka'  \  The  engines  belonging  to  tie  fire  brigade  - STYLE=superscript  Were  quickly  on  the  spot,  and  on  their  arrival  it  was  found  that  the  whole  of  the  hold  was  on  fire,  and.  the  entire  destruction  of  the  steamer  was  threatened.  In  a  short  time,  however,  the  flames  were  subdued,  but  not  Before  considerable  damage  had  been  done  to  the  vessel.  We  regret  to  say  that,  whilst  engaged  in  extin extinguishing  guishing extinguishing  the  fire,  one  of  the  brigade  was  drowned,  and  two  others  received  considerable  injuries  by  falling  into  the  hold  of  the  steamer.  The  unfortunate  man  who  lost  his  life  was  direct directing  ing directing  the  hose  on  the  edge  of  the•pier,  and  whilst  so  engaged  a  portion  of  the  hose  caught  his  feet,  and  losing  his  balance,  he  fell  into  the  water,  and  was  drowned.  Every  exertion  was  made  to  save  him,  but  to  no  purpose,  as  he  was  never  once  seen  after  falling  into  the  water.  The  name  of  the  deceased  did  not  transpire,  but  his  hat  was  afterwards  found  floating  on  the  surface  of  the  water,  and  on  examining  it  No.  415  was  printed  on  it.  The  men  in  attendance  dragged  for  the  body,  but  had  not  been  able  to  discover  it  up  to  the  time  of  going  to  press.  It  is  somewhat  singular,  that  the  Dreadnought  had  been  fitted  out  for  sea,  and  was  intended  to  have  been  despatched  this  morning,  to  assist  in  laying  down  the  Sub-Marine  Telegraph  botvrcuU  Portpatriok  find  Donaglizttlee.  THE  RECORDER  OF  LONDON  ON  'STRIKES  AND  00111-RTNATIONS.  On  Monday  last,  in  his  charge  to  tho  Grand  Jury,  at  the  Central  Criminal  Court,  the  Recorder  of  London  brought  the  subject  of  strikes,  and  com combinations  binations combinations  amongst  workmen,  prominently  forward.  He  said  :  The  next  case  to  which  he  should  direct  their  attention  was  one  of  considerable  im importance  portance importance  It  was  a  charge  against  certain  workmen  of  conspiring  together,  to  prevent  another  work workman  man workman  from  being  employed  in  the  same  establish establishment  ment establishment  with  them.  At  the  present  moment,  when  so  many  strikes  existed,  and  the  struggle  between  capital  and  labour  was  attracting  so  much  atten attention,  tion, attention,  cases  of  this  nature  became  of  the  greatest  possible  public  importance.  It  was  not  for  him,  sitting  in  that  place,  to  make  any  observations  with  regard  to  strikes  of  workmen,  but  he  might  be  pardoned  for  expressing  his  regret  at  such  prO prOeeedings,  eeedings, prOeeedings,  when  the  ruinous  loss  they  entailed,  both  upon  masters  and  workmen,  were  considered.  He  saw  that  a  calculation  had  been  made,  that  in  one  limited  manufacturing  district,  wages  to  the  amount  of  1:20,000  a  week  had  been  lost,  thereby  occa occasioning  sioning occasioning  most  serious  injury  both  to  masters  and  workmen,  to  the  tradesmen  of  the  district,  to  the  revenue,  and  also;  no  doubt,  tending  seriously,  to  derange  and  disturb  the  commerce  of  the  country.  He  could  not  refrain,  therefore,  from  expressing  his  regret  that  some  means  could  not  be  devised  to  reconcile  these  unfortunate  differences.  It  was  not  for  him  to  say  more  upon  this  part  of  the  question,  and  it  only  remained  for  him  to  state  what  was  the  law  upon  the  subject  of  combiluv  tions  of  this  description.  Formerly  every  combi combination  nation combination  among  workmen  for  the  purpose  of  raising  w  a  ges  was  illegal,  and  rendered  the  parties  liable  to  a  misdemeanour;  but  as  it  was  felt  that  this  was  a.  hardship,  and  was  in  some  cases  productive  of  . STYLE=superscript  injustice,  in  182  A  an  Act  of  Parliament  was  passed  which  changed  that  state  of  the  law  and  legalised  combinations  either  of  masters,  to  lower  the  rates  of  wages,  or  of  workmen,  for  the  pur purpose  pose purpose  of  getting  them  raised.  Whil  e  ,  ho  wever,  t  hi  s  Act  of  Parliament  gave  both  to  the  employers  and  the  employed  the  privilege  of  holding  meetings  and  takiugproceedings  to  regulate  the  rate  of  wages,  it  at  the  same  time'expressly  prohibited  workmen  iv  N  1  G  v  Gll4  uulinuy  CI  IS  from  taking  into  their  service  any  persons  they  pleased,  or  to  prevent  any  persons  from  accepting  such  employment.  The  question  was  one  of  such  •  very  great  importance  that  the  grand  jury  would  probably  excuse  him  for  calling  their  attention  to  some  observations  made  by  a  late  learned  judge  (Sir  N.  Tindal)  upon  the  occasion  of  a  trial  of  a  similar  kind  which  took  place  a  few  years  ago  at  Stafford.  Having  read  the  learned  judge's  remarks,  the  RECORDER  said—ln  the  case  that  will  be  laid  before  them  it  would  appear  that  the  parties  were  accused  of  combining  together  to  prevent  a  person  being  employed  in  the  same  establishment  with  them,  or  rather  to  procure  his  dismissal  from  that  establishment.  It  appeared  that  a  person  named  Spence,  who  had  formerly  been  employed  at  an  eminent  printing  establishment  in  the  city  of  Lon London,  don, London,  that  of  Messrs.  Talks,  had  left  that  establish establishto  to establishto  another  gentl  emen  named  Jackson,  ment  and  gone  to  anothe  r  o  f  th  e  same  character,  belonginghe  had  been  i  n  th  a  t  serv  i  ce  about  a  week  received  a  notice  to  quit  f  rom  t  h  e  foreman,  and  it  appeared  that  this  n  o  ti  ce  would  not  have  been  ri  ven,  but  for  the  proc  ee  di  ngs  o  f  the  other  men  en engaged  gaged engaged  e STYLE=superscript  in  the  establishm  e  t,  an  d  aga  i  nst  these  per persons  sons persons  present  indict  men  t  was  preferred.  The  d  c  e STYLE=superscript  e  in  the  case  would  go  to  s  h  ow  that  these  laellinviid,en  ne,  hadafter  held  what  was  called  in  the  trade  a  chapel,  and  that  they  came  to  the  determination  to  insist  upon  the  discharge  of  the  man  referred  to.  The  depositions  were  not  very  clear,  but  he  gathered  from  them  that  the  men  had  come  to  the  resolution  that  they  would  not  associate  with  this  man,  and  if  the  grand  jury  should  believe  they  intended  to  go  to  the  extent  of  not  permitting  the  man  to  work  in  the  establishment,  it  appeared  to  him  that  it  would  support  the  charge  of  conspiracy.  If,  however,  they  should  think  .that  this  object  was  not  made  out,  and  that  it  was  probably  only  the  intention  of  the  parties  not  to  have  any  communication  with  .  their  fellow-workman,  or,  as  it  was  commonly  termed,  send  him  to  Coventry,  this  would  not  be  sufficient  to  support  the  charge,  and  they  ought  to  ignore  the  bill.  It  was  very  important  that  the  law  upon  this  subject  should  be  understood,  par particularly  ticularly particularly  as  he  believed  an  impression  prevailed  in  the  minds  of  the  workmen  that  they  were  justified  in  procuring  the  dismissal  of  one  of  their  fellows,  and  refusing  to  work  with  him,  by  any  means  short  of  aotual  violence,  This  was  a  delusion;  and  it  should  be  understood  that  even  if  the  most  harm harmless  less harmless  means  were  employed  for  the  purn,%--  king  any  pe  r  so  n  h  e  pre preventing  venting preventing  an  employe  r  f  r  t...  4„.  pleased  into  his  service,  it  was  a  br  eac  h  o  f  th  e  l  aw  for  which  they  would  hp  grnpreihle  to  punishm  en  ."
