text
"THE  COURT  WINDSOR,  JAN.  15.—Colonel  M'Murdo,  lately  com commanding  manding commanding  the  Land  Transport  Corps  in  the  Crimea,  arrived  yesterday  afternoon,  on  a  visit  to  her  Majesty.  The  dinner  party  included  the  Duchess  of  Kent,  the  Princess  Royal,  the  Count  of  Flanders,  the  Belgian  Minister,  M.  Van  de  Weyer,  Lady  Fanny  Howard,  Baroness  de  Speth,  Sir  George  Couper,  Colonel  M`Murdo,  and  Captain  Burnelle.  Prince  Albert,  with  the  Prince  of  Wales  and  Prince  Alfred,  attended  by  the  gentlemen  in  waiting,  skated  on  the  ice  in  the  Home  Park  this  morning  A  Cabinet  Council,  which  was  fully  attended  by  Minis Ministers,  ters, Ministers,  was  held  yesterday  at  the  Foreign  Office.  THE  UNIVERSITY  OF  CAmßEinoE.—The  name  of  the  Right  Hon.  Spencer  Walpole  is  that  most  frequently  mentioned  in  connection  with  the  vacancy  caused  by  Mr.  Goulhurn's  death.  The  Marquis  of  Granby  and  Lord  John  Manners  are  also  spoken  of.  OMAR  PAcuA.—A  letter  received  by  the  Oesterreichische  Zeitung  from  Ccnstantinople,  contains  some  information  of  interest.  At  the  demand  of  the  Kassam,  the  official  trustee  of  widows  and  orphans,  Omar  Pacha's  house  at  Constantinople  has  been  sealed  The  measure  was  taken  in  favour  of  the  Sirdar's  children  by  his  late  wife,  who  at  her  death  left  a  large  property.  The  demand  to  put  the  official  seal  on  the  doors  of  Omar  Pasha's  house  was  made  a  month  ago  and  ed  ;  but  the  Sirdar  (Omar  Pacha)  is  under  a  cloud,  quently,  justice  is  allowed  to  take  its  course.  Omar  Pacha  has  tendered  his  resignation  to  the  Sultan,  but  it  was  refused.  The  Egyptian  contingent  has  already  embarked  for  Trebizond.  ,nd,  conse  THE  CtiItRENCY.—A  rumour  is  afloat,  that  the  govern government  ment government  have  been  much  engaged  of  late,  in  the  discussion  of  the  propriety  of  an  issue  of  one  pound  notes,  with  the  object  of  the  withdrawal  of  an  equal  amount  of  gold  coin.  This  rumour  has  been  current  in  ♦arious  circles  during  the  last  fortnight!  ißy  the  plan  suggested,  the  metallic  resource  of  the  Bank  of  England  might  be  increased,  and  after  making  due  provision  for  the  convertibility  of  the  new  one  pound  notes,  a  portion  of  the  gold  thus  obtained  might  be  rendered  available  for  the  war  emergencies.  Though  this  is  bruited,  no  authoritative  information  of  any  description  has  been  put  forward  to  justify  the  report.  TAE  PEACE  PROPOSALS  —The  Frankfort  Journal  says  the  Russian  government  has  applied  that  the  time  fixod  for  an  answer  to  the  Austrian  proposals  shall  be  extended  to  the  Ist  February  next.  The  Debats  of  yesterday  gives  a  version  of  the  Russian  propositions  which  we  are  in inclined  clined inclined  to  regard  as  incorrect.  It  states,  among  other  things,  that  Russia  consents  to  withdraw  all  her  military  establishments  to  a  fixed  distance  from  the  Danube,  and  to  restore  to  Turkey  the  fortress  of  Ismail.  This  differs  from  the  version  given  by  the  Post,  which  may,  we  believe,  be  regarded  as  generally  accurate.  The  Universal  German  Gazette  announces  that  the  Swedish  Government,  in  view  to  the  expedition  which  the  Allies  are,  it  is  said,  to  attempt  in  the  spring,  in  the  Russian  provinces  of  the  Baltic  and  in  Finland,  is  taking  measures  to  have  its  troops  disposable.  At  the  end  of  the  present  month,  a  council  of  war  will  be  held  at  Stockholm,  in  order  to  secure  this  result.  TAE  FINANCES  or  FRANCE.  —The  Moniteur  of  yesterday  morning  publishes  the  report  of  the  Minister  of  Finance  to  the  Emperor  upon  the  financial  condition  of  the  coun country.  try. country.  The  report  concludes  as  follows  To  resume,  Sire,  this  simple  sketch  of  the  principal  financial  events  of  the  past  year,  shows  us  a  commercial  activity  without  a  parallel;  unheard-of  progress  in  consumption;  two  enor enormous  mous enormous  loans,  paid  up  with  the  greatest  regularity,  and  in  a  great  measure  before  the  payments  were  due  ;  besides  the  loans,  more  than  135,000,000  f.,  a  sum  which  had  never  before  been  known  to  have  been  employed  in  the  purchase  of  rentes,  for  the  departments  ;  the  direct  contributions  paid  -by  anticipation,  and  almost  without  expense  ;  a  well  balanced  budget  ;  the  float floating  ing floating  debt  reduced  ;  and  all  this  despite  the  war,  despite  the  crisis  in  the  high  price  of  food,  despite  the  very  considerable  outlay  which  accidental  circumstances  imposed  upon  us.  What  greater  proof  could  be  given  of  the  vitality  and  richness  of  the  country,  and  of  all  that  France  is  capable  of  under  a  popular  government,  with  such  resources  wisely  employed  ?  Extravagance  alone  might  be  feared.  Your  Majesty  will  know  how  to  obvi obviate  ate obviate  that  danger  by  your  high  prudence,  by  firmly  oppos opposing  ing opposing  the  inconsiderate  temptations  of  speculation,  and  by  adjourning,  in  the  interest  of  the  enterprises  already  com commenced,  menced, commenced,  all  those  which  do  not  bear  the  evident  mark  of"
