text
"Ddrt  Jtllt  U  Ci  Charles  Tipple,  apothecary,  Baldock,  Hertford.  John  James,  trunk  maker,  John-street  and  Oxford-street,  London.  William  Booth,  late  ironmonger,  Commercial-road,  Lam Lambeth,  beth, Lambeth,  Surrey.  •  William  Tomlinson,  publican,  Mechanics'  Arms,  Man Manchester.  chester. Manchester.  James  Coupe,  builder,  Preston,  Lancaster.  William  ()dram,  timber  merchant,  Stockton-upon-Teem,  Durham.  Eliza  M'Crow,  linen  draper,  James-street,  Featherstone.  street,  City-road,  Middlesex.  Jacob  Wright,  licensed  victualler,  Holywell-street  Shore Shoreditch,  ditch, Shoreditch,  Middlesex.  James  Phillips,  hatter,  Bristol.  MEETINGS  OF  CREDITORS  AT  THE  MERCHANTS'  COURTS  OF  BANKRUPTCY.  TUESDAY,  Nov.  29.  Close,  Close,  and  Reinhold,  merchants  and  manufacturers,  Manchester,  dividend  at  12.  Hilton  and  Walsh,  paper  makers,  Over  Darwen,  dividend  at  12.  Leech,  John,  Newton  Moor,  near  Hyde,  shopkeeper,  audit  at  12.  WEDNESDAY,  Nov.  30.  Bennett,  William,  Hebden-bridges,  Yorkshire,  and  Horwich,  Lancashire,  last  examination  at  12.  Brook,  William,  stuff  merchant,  Manchester,  last  exami examination  nation examination  at  12.  Salmon,  William,  leather  merchant,  Manchester,  ad adjourned  journed adjourned  last  examination  on  bankrupt's  application  at  12.  THURSDAY,  Dec.  1.  _  ---....  Eccles,  William,  cotton  spinner,  Walton-le-Dale,  ad adjourned  journed adjourned  dividend  at  12.  Robinson,  Francis,  publican,  Manchester,  adjourned  audit  at  12.  Rave  and  Mortimers,  silk  dyers,  Bury  (Mortimers),  ad adourned  ourned adourned  certificate  at  12.  FRIDAY,  Dec.  2.  Hunt,  Henry,  paper  manufacturer,  Heaton  Norris,  divi.  dend  at  12,  Fowler,  Joseph,  provision  dealer  and  grocer,  Macclesfield,  audit  at  12.  Frost,  William,  silk  tbrowster,  Macclesfield,  at  12.  Robinson,  Francis,  publican,  Manchester,  adjourned  divi dividend  dend dividend  at  12.  LAUNCH  AT  DUMBARTON.—There  was  launched  yester yesterday,  day, yesterday,  from  the  building  yard  of  Messrs.  Denny  and  R  Dumbarton,  a  fine  screw  steam  ship,  the  property  of  Mca.ns.  D.  and  G.  Brymner,  Greenock.  Messrs.  N.lLun  and  Co.  furnish  the  engines.  The  vessel  .“.11  be  ready  for  trial  within  a  fortnight,  all  i  26,  machinery  being  ready  for  put put-1,...-‘2.—.North  -1,...-‘2.—.North put-1,...-‘2.—.North  British  Anil  ATTEMPTED  on  TrEMPTED  SUICIDE.  -  An  unfortunate  young  woman  named  Agnes  Wilson,  a  native  of  Millerston,  near  Paisley,  in  a  frenzy  of  despair,  aggravated  by  drink,  attempted  yesterday  to  terminate  her  existence  in  a  hovel  where  she  lodged  in  Olive-branch  Close,  by  taking  a  quantity  of  laudanum.  By  the  application  of  an  emetic,  and  other  medirsil  treatment  oi  tau  poison  were  counteracted,  and  the  patient  recovered  in  a  few  hours.  —N.  B.  Mail.  THE  Airrnon.  or  SWEET  The  life  of  J.  Howard  Payne,  the  author  of  Sweet  was  one  4  of  remarkable  vicissitudes.  an  says  one  who  knew  him,  would  walk  along  the  streets,  looking  into  tho  lighted  parlours  as  we  passed.  Once  in  a  while  we  would  see  some  family  circle  so  happy,  and  forming  so  beautiful  a  group,  that  we  would  both  stop,  and  then  pass  silently  on.  On  such  occasions  he  would  give  me  a  history  of  his  wandering,  his  trials,  and  all  the  cases  incident  to  hi  3  sensitive  nature  and  poverty.  said  he  once,  I  have  been  in  the  heart  of  Paris,  Berlin,  London,  or  some  other  city,  and  heard  persons  singing,  or  the  hand  organ  playing  Sweet  without  a  shilling  to  buy  th  next  meal,  or  a  place  to  lay  my  head.  The  world  hap,  literally,  sung  it  until  every  heart  is  familiar  with  its  me melody.  lody. melody.  Yet  I  have  been  a  wanderer  from  my  boyhood.'  The  Musical  Transcript.  The  New  York  crystal  palace  will  be  kept  open  through  the  winter.  A  woman,  named  Hayes,  at  Kilbritain,  near  Bandon,  •  has  been  committed  for  trial,  charged  with  manslaughter,  •  she  having  inoculated  four  children  with  small-pox  matter,  two  of  which  subsequently  died  from  the  disease  thus  con conveyed  veyed conveyed  into  their  systems,  It  was  reported  that  numerous  otheri  deaths  had  previously  resulted  from  her  practice.—  Medical  Circular.  The  rating  to  the  poor  of  the  Conservative  Clnb  London,  has  been  fixed,  on  appeal,  at  £2,730  ;  the  Athenaeum  at  £1,720  ;  and  the  Junior  United  Service  at  £2,240.  1131rtb4,  filarriags,  anti  ißeatbii.  BIRTH.  -  On  the  24th  instant,  at  Greenlands,  Irtait,  Cumberland,  Mrs.  Thos.  Brocklebank,  of  a  son.  MARRIAGES.  On  the  24th  instant,  in  St,  Pete  r  '  s  c  h  urc  h  b  y  t  h  e  R  ev  .  R.  Townsend  F.  T.  C.  D.,  the  Rev.  C,  N.  Punkell,  to  Ellen,  daughter  of  the  late  John  Hawkins,  Esq.,  solicitor,  On  the  24th  instant,  at  St.  Peter's  church,  by  the  Venerable  the_  ,  Archdeacon  of  Raphoe,  George  A.  Chichester  May,  Esq.,  barrister,  and  late  Fellow  of  Magdalen  College,  Cambrige,  to  Olivia,  fourth  daughter  of  Sir  Mathew  Barrington,  Bart.,  of  Glenstal,  county  of  ,  Limerick."
