text
"EASTERN  WAR.  SECOND  EDITION.  Northern  Daily  Times  Office,  Nine  O'clock,  a.m.  [BY  ELECTRIC  TELEGRAPH.]  EASTERN  WAR.  VIENNA,  WEDNESDAY.  The  Wanderer  contains  the  following  private  de despatch  spatch despatch  On  the  26th  the  Russians  commenced  the  construction  of  a  bridge  across  the  Danube,  at  On  the  14th  the  city  of  Belgrade  was  on  the  point  of  being  bombarded  by  the  Turkish  garrison  of  the  Fortress.  The  difference  was  caused  by  the  presence  in  Belgrade  of  the  Russian  consul.  The  calamity  was  averted  by  the  inter intervention  vention intervention  of  the  Austrian  Consul  General.  Magnan  has  been  retained  at  Constantinople  by  General  d'Hilliers.  It  is  stated  that  Omar  Pasha  has  intercepted  and  sent  to  the  Porte  a  letter  from  Menschikoff  to  Gortschakoff,  advising  the  latter  to  keep  as  quiet  as  possible  in  Wallachia.  The  Sultan  refuses  the  offer  of  the  Ulemas  to  furnish  gold  and  silver  from  the  churches,  as  Ile  wishes  to  avoid  doing  anything  which  would  give  the  war  a  religious  character.  On  the  24th  of  November  the  Turks  and  Cir  cassians  were  to  make  a  combined  attack  on  the  Russian  lines.  It  is  announced  from  St.  Petersburg  that  the  Czar  is  about  to  issue  another  manifesto.  Odessa  letters  state  that  the  Russian  vessels  in  that  port  were  unloading  their  cargoes,  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  the  notice  received  from  the  Turkish  Government  that  all  Russian  vessels  will  be  con considered  sidered considered  lawful  prizes  after  the  20th  of  November.  The  Russians  have  announced  their  intention  of  seizing  all  Turkish  vessels  after  the  22nd.  The  demand  for  wheat  had  lessened,  and  prices  without  being  decidedly  lower,  showed  a  tendency  to,  give  way.  Freights  were  easier.  The  proportion  of  the  shipments  of  grain  in  October  to  England  were  very  small.  The  Times  leading  article  The  temporary  absence  of  the  Russian  consul  from  London  was  merely  occasioned  by  his  having  accompanied  the  £BOO,OOO  recently  sent  to  Amsterdam,  on  account  of  the  Emperor.  St.  Petersburg  advises  of  the  24th,  and  the  quotation  of  the  rate  of  Exchange,  show  a  re-action  likely  to  prevent  any  further  remittances  of  gold  from  this  country.  The  weather  continues  mild.  The  Times  has  a  leading  article  on  the  probable  commencement  of  naval  hostilities  between  the  Russian  and  Turkish  fleets  in  the  Black  Sea,  and  any  Russia's  position  generally  with  respect  to  her  posse  ssion  s  in  that  quarter.  The  Times  believes  that  the  four  British  steamers  bad  not  started  on  their  cruise  from  Constan Constantinople  tinople Constantinople  on  the  10th  of  November,  and  it  is  possible  their  movements  may  have  been  countermanded.  Their  object  was  certainly  not  a  hostile  demonstra-"
