text
"year,  from  1852  to  1853,  there  have  been  committed  and  tried  for  this  offence,  99  ;  and  now  we  have  17  more.  It  is  said  this  is  an  un-English  offence.  lam  sorry  to  say  the  statistical  account  does  not  bear  out  that  boast  of  ours.  Of  the  99  who  have  been  commuted  for  trial  in  this  country,  only  9  have  been  foreigners  —the  90  have  been  natives  of  our,  own  dominions.  No  reason,  therefore,  to  boast  over  the  foreigner  in  that  res  p  ec  t.  It  ceases  to  be  an  un-English  crime—it  becomes  a  very  English  - STYLE=superscript  crime  ;  and  one  cannot  help  lamenting  that  it  should  be  so.  These  cases  have  been  ..avezlFdimided...  Of  the  99,  30  belong  to  this  town---they  are  natives  of  it  ;  14  only  are  due  to  all  the  rest  of  England  ;  44  to  Ireland  ;  1  to  Scotland  ;  Ito  the  Isle  of  Man;  and  9to  foreign  countries  generally.  What  is  the  cause  of  this  ?  Is  it  a  general  fierceness  of  disposition  ?  That  is  a  serious  ques question  tion question  to  be  inquired  into  by  those  who  live  here  —clergy,  magistrates,  and  gentry  ;  and  I  commend  it  specially  to  their  attention,  that  they  may  do  what  lies  in  their  power,  to  atop  an  evil  which  seems  to  be  so  prevalent.  So  far  as  my  learned  brother  and  myself  are  concerned,  we  will  do  'the  best  we  can  by  making  examples,  which  are  necessary  to  be  made,  if  the  cases  should  be  ever  proved  before  us.  Probably  we  shall  reserve  our  sentences  upon  this  class  of  offences  till  we  arrive  at  the  cud  of  the  business,  so  that  we  may  see  in  what  state  the  thing  is,  and„so  apply  ourselves  as  far  as  we  can  to  cure  it.  There  is  another  class  of  cases  in  which  two  or  three  persons  are  accused  of  a  riot  at  Wigan,  arising  from  that  unhappy  difference  of  opinion  between  the  workmen  and  masters,  which  I  am  sorry  to  say  has  been  so  prevalent  in  this  county  of  late---not  indeed  in  this  county  alone,  for  this  species  of  insanity  is  pervading  almost  all  labourers  of  England.  It  has  extended  even  to  the  amricul amricultural  tural amricultural  districts,  and  with  the  agricultural  labourer  it  has  as  little  good  sense  and  as  little  reason,  as  it  has  in  this  case.  The  great  want  of  knowledge  on  the  part  of  the  general.  body  of  the  people  of  the  real  causes  which  govern  the  rate  of  wages  in  the  world,  is  the  principal  cause  of  this  evil.  If  they  did  but  know  a  little  more  of  that  political  economy  which  many  people  talk  of,  and  so  few  under understand,  stand, understand,  they  would  see  that  this  is  not  the  way  in  which  the  thing  can  be  done  even  if  it  were  desirable  to  be  accomplished.  It  is  lamentable  that  it  should  be  so  ;  and  one  cannot  help  thinking  that  it  is  from  the  want  of  experience  that  this  matter  arises  ;  for  the  short shortness  ness shortness  of  life  in  the  manufacturing  districts  renders  it  that  the  people  employed  there  are  generally  very  young.  The  pro proportion  portion proportion  or  the  experienced  to  the  Inexponenccd,  then,  is  very  small,  and  it  has  been  my  unfortunate  fate  in  the  course  of  my  official  life,  to  come  here  and  try  in  succession,  persons  of  this  description,  for  the  same  sort  of  offence.  Every  eight,  or  nine,  or  ten  years,  a  new  generation  arises.  They  have  not  the  experience  or  the  sufferings  of  their  prede predecessors,  cessors, predecessors,  and  by  their  numbers,  they  overbear  the  more  experienced;  and  thus  the  thing  arises  from  time  to  time.  I  don't  see  how  the  thing  can  be  prevented,  unless  by  a  more  general  spread  of  sound  education  amongst  the  people  ;  that  is  the  only  mode  in  which  to  my  mind  the  remedy  can  be  provided.  If  we  could  but  do  that—if  we  could  teach  them  what  was  really  for  their  good,  they  would  cease  to  be  the  prey  of  empty-headed  fellows  as  they  at  present  seem  to  be.  These  are  the  only  observations  I  have  to  make  on  these  cases.  We  can  only  deal  with  them  as  they  are  brought  before  us  ;  but  wish  that  we  could  save  them  from  the  commission  of  these  offences  by  that  additional  experience  which  from  our  age  we  possess,  and  by  our  knowledge  through  education,  which  we  are  willing  to  communicate  to  our  poorer  brethren  if  we  could.  Ait  is,  we  can  only  repress  the  crime  as  it  breaks  out  into  violence.  We  shall  do  that,  but  of  course  with  a  merciful  disposition;  because  after  all  we  cannot  help  seeing  that  there  are  people  who  believe  themselves  to  be  in  th  right,  although  they  break  out  into  insubordination  which  tends  to  breaches  of  the  peace.  The  rest  of  the  calendar  is  such  that  I  have  no  doubt  you  will  easily  dispose  of  the  cases  that  come  bdore  you,  but  if  you  should  have  any  difficulty  I  shall  be  glad  to  give  you  what  assistance  I  can.  The  grand  jury.then  retired.  The  Grand  Jury  having  retarned  into  court  with  a  number  of  bills,  the  trials  proceeded,  _  _  ASSAULT  AND  7  ROBBERY  AT  LlVERPOOL.  —Elizabeth  Rowe,  23,  Charles  Hazeldine,  28,  and  John  Lewis,  25,  were  charged  with  having  at  Liverpool,  on  the  evening  of  the  24th  of  September  last,  feloniously  assaulted  John  Butcher,  putting  him  in  bodily  fear,  and  danger  of  his  life,,  and  with  violence  stealing  , STYLE=superscript  from  his  person  one  sovereign,  and  that  immediately  before  and  at  the  said  time  of  the  robbery,  they  did  feloniously  beat  and  strike  the  said  John  But2her.  Mr.  RAFFLES  conducted  the  prosecution.  The  prisoners  were  undefended.  The  prosecutor  is  a  warehouseman  in  the  employ  of  Messrs.  Gardner  and  Co.,  wine  and  spirit  merchants,  Dale-street,  in  this  town.  On  the  evening  of  the  24th  of  September,  last,  he  was  proceeding  home  from  his  place  of  business,  when  he  met  the  female  prisoner  a  little  above  London  Road,  near  Gildart-street.  He  accompanied  her  for  some  distance,  and  whilst  walking  along  with  her,  he  noticed  the  prisoner  Lewis  standing  at  the  corner  of  Gildart-street.  Prosecutor  went  with  the  female  prisoner  into  an  entry  in  Gildart-street.  When  they  went  into  the  entry  the  prisoner  Hazeldine  was  standing  at  the  bottom  of  it.  They  had  not  been  there  many  minutes  before  the  prisoner  Hazeldine  came  up,  and  seized  hold  of  the  prosecutor,  whilst  the  female  prisoner  rifled  his  pockets  and  took  a  grivprpign  thorofrona  '  and  then  ran  away.  Tho  prosecutor  succeeded  in  struggling  away  from  the  prisoner  Hazeldine,  and  cried  out  stop  Immediately  after  this  he  was  knocked  down  and  kicked  by  the  prisoner  Lewis.  After  recovering  himself  he  still  further  pursued  the  female  prisoner  and  saw  her  run  up  the  steps  of  a  house  in  Finch-street.  He  gave  information  to  the  police,  and  the  next  day  he  accompanied  two  officers  to  a  house  in  Prudoe-street,  where  the  prisoners  were  all  taken  into  custody.  In  the  course  of  his  evideme  the  prosecutor  swore  very  distinctly  to  the  identity  of  all  the  prisoners.  Several  witnesses  having  been  called  in  support  of  the  prosecution  witnesses  came  forward  to  establish  an  alibi  on  behalf  of  the  female  prisoner  Lowe,  and  the  prisoner  Hazeldine.  _  _  The  learned  judge  having  summed  lip,  and  the  jury  retired,  and  after  the  absence  of  about  half-an-hour  returned  to  the  court  with  a  verdict  of  guilty  against  all  the  prisoners.  STA.BBLNG  AT  WARRINGTON.  Thomas  Woods,  16,  was  charged  with  having,  at  War Warrington,  rington, Warrington,  on  the  28th  of  August  last,  feloniously  stabbed  and  wounded  Martin  Connelly,  with  intent  to  do  him  some  grievous  bodily  harm.  Mr.  OVENS  prosecuted,  and  the  prisoner  was  undefended.  From  the  facts  of  the  case,  as  elicited  on  behalf  of  the  pro prosecution,  secution, prosecution,  it  appeared  that  on  the  evening  of  Sunday,  the  23th  of  August  last,  the  prosecutor,  who  lodged  with  a  Mrs.  Flan Flannaghan,  naghan, Flannaghan,  in  Glasshouse-yard,  Warrington,  was  going  home  to  his  lodging  3  about  eleven  o'clock,  when  he  heard  a  quarrel  under  the  window  of  the  house.  He  went  to  the  spot,  and  saw  the  prisoner  and  three  or  four  other  persons  fighting  on  the  ground.  Prosecutor  took  part  in  the  quarrel,  and  struck  the  prisoner,  on  which  he  ran  at  prosecutor,  and  stubbed  him  twice  in  the  left  buttock.  The  prisoner  was  found  guilty  of  unlawfully  wounding,  and  acquitted  of  the  felonious  intent.  Sentence  deferred.  STABBING  AT  LYTHAM  Andrew  Caldwell,  23,  was  indicted  for  having,  at  Lytham,  on  tht  Bth  of  September  last,  maliciously  stabbed  and  wounded  John  Fazakerley,  with  intent  to  do  him  some  grievous  bodily  harm.  Mr.  MILNE  conducted  the  prosecution,  and  Mr.  TAYLOR  defended  the  prisoner.  The  prosecutor  is  a  post-boy,  and  the  prisoner  an  ostler,  at  the  Clifton  Arms  Hotel,  Lytham.  On  the  evening  of  the  day  on  which  the  alleged  offence  was  committed,  the  prosecutor  and  the  prisoner  had  a  quarrel  in  the  yard  of  the  hotel,  and  fought  for  about  five  minutes,  when  they  were  separated  by  some  other  parties  present.  After  they  were  separated.the  prosecutor  left  the  yard,  with  the  intention  of  going  home,  when  the  prisoner  again  ran  at  him,  and  stabbed  him  twice  with  a  knife.  Afterwards  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  seized  a  pitchfork,  and  again  ran  at  the  prosecutor,  and  was  about  to  stab  him  a  third  time,  when  the  weapon  was  from  him  by  one  of  the  bystanders.  The  prisoner  was  taken  into  custouy  !  ma  on  being  arrested,  he  said,  should  have  let  me  alone  ;  1  dui  it  in  sew 'sewdefence.'  Several  witnesses  were  called  for  the  prosecution,  after  which,  Mr.  TAYLOR  addressed  the  jury  on  bolL.lf  a  the  prisoner,  urginm  extreme  r:  —vutlCloll,  and  that  the  prosecutor  was  .tatruea  by  the  prisoner  in  self-defence.  The  jury  found  the  prisoner  guilty  of  unlawfully  stabbing.  Sentence  deferred."
