text
"THE  DIPLOMATIC  DUEL  AT  MADRID,  The  following  further  details  connected  with  this  most  extraordinary  affair  we  collect  from  various  journals.  They  will  probably  be  found  to  contain  as  much  of  the  facts  as  have  yet  transpired.  The  lifessager  de  Bayonne  says  :  On  the  15th  of  November,  the  French  Ambassador  at  Madrid  gave  a  ball  on  the  occasion  of  the  fete  of  the  Em Emperor.  peror. Emperor.  Mr.  Soule,  minister  of  the  United  States,  was  pre present,  sent, present,  with  Madame  Soule,  and  her  son,  aged  23.  During  the  fete,  the  Duke  of  Alba  and  the  French  ambassador,  in  the  course  of  a  tete-a-tete  conversation,  made  some  observa observation,  tion, observation,  and  exchanged  some  pleasantry  on  the  toilet  of  Madame  Soule,  the  eccentric  taste  of  which  had  been  remarked  by  the  entire  company.  Mr.  Soule,  jun.,  overheard  the  conversation.  The  following  morn morning  ing morning  Mr.  Perry,  Secretary  of  Legation  of  the  United  States,  and  Colonel  Milans  del  Bosch  waited  on  the  Duke  of  Alba;  they  handed  him  a  letter  from  Mr.  Soule,  jun.,  and  said  they  were  sent  to  demand  satisfaction  for  the  pleasantry  of  the  previous  evening.  The  Duke  of  Alba  was  greatly  surprised,  and,  throwing  the  letter  which  had  been  given  to  him  on  his  table,  explained  to  the  two  witnesses  of  his  ad adversary  versary adversary  what  had  really  passed—in  fact,  that  it  was  nothing  more  than  a  simple  joke  in  a  private  conversation.  He  at  the  same  time  expressed  his  great  regret  that  a  son  should  have  considered  his  mother  offended  at  a  remark  which  only  had  reference  to  her  mantua-maker  •  and  he  proposed  to  write  a  friendly  letter  to  Mr.  Soule  aremove  from  his  mind  the  error  under  which  he  laboured.  The  friends  of  Mr.  Soule  took  their  leave  perfectly  satisfied.  The  follow following  ing following  morning  the  Duke  of  Alba  found  on  his  writing  table  the  letter  of  the  day  before,  and  which  he  had  not  opened.  He  read  it,  and  found  that  it  was  couched  in  terms  so  violent,  so  insulting,  that  he  considered  himself  bound  to  send,  in  turn,  two  of  his  friends  to  Mr.  Soule,  jun.,  to  de demand  mand demand  the  withdrawal  of  what  he  had  just  read,  and  to  de demand  mand demand  also  that  the  letter  of  explanation  which  he  himself  had  written  should  be  returned  to  him.  Mr.  Soule  with withdrew  drew withdrew  the  insulting  expressions  ho  had  made  use  of,  and  asked  to  be  allowed  to  keep  the  letter  which  he  had  re received  ceived received  from  the  Duke  of  Alba,  pledginer  .t  tuo  bauie  time  hi  s  wnrd  of  honour  tt,at  ne  would  never  make  use  of  it,  and  that  the  result  of  the  affair  completely  satisfied  him.  Several  days  after,  some  English  papers  related  the  facts  we  have  just  mentioned,  but  they  travestied  them  in  a  manner  offensive  to  the  Duke  of  .Alba.  Being  irritated  by  these  attacks,  the  Duke  of  Alba  sent  General  Jose  de  la  Concha  to  arr.  g.ois,  to  demand  reparation.  He  consented,  and  ac accepted  cepted accepted  the  duel  with  5w0.,1.,  0.0  proposed,  and  the  12th  of  December  was  named  as  the  day.  Subsequently,  Mr.  Pouk  asked  that  the  duel  should  take  place  with  the  small  sword,  which  was  agreed  to.  He  then  demanded  a  delay  of  48  hours,  which  was  also  granted.  On  the  day  fixed  for  the  duel,  which  was  to  take  place  at  the  Prado,  Mr.  Soule,  who  had  to  be  waited  for  a  considerable  time,  under  the  pretext  that  he  was  writing  dispatches  to  the  government,  at  length  arrived,  followed  by  six  carriages  full  of  his  countrymen  residing  in  Madrid.  Though  surprised  at  witnessing  such  indiscreet  curiosity,  which  made  the  affair  resemble  a  cock cockfight,  fight, cockfight,  the  seconds  of  the  Duke  of  Alba  consented,  however,  to  the  Americans  remaining  on  the  ground.  The  two  ad adversaries  versaries adversaries  took  their  ground,  and  crossed  swords.  Mr.  Soule  was  continually  interrupting,  and  he  demanded  several  times  a  cessation,  which  was  granted  to  him.  At  last  the  witness  declared  that  the  duel  ought  to  terminate,  and  that  they  would  only  allow  five  minutes  more.  Mr.  Soule,  jun.,  was  slightly  wounded  ;  and  he  then  promised,  on  his  word  of  honour,  to  contradict  the  facts  recounted  in  the  English  papers,  and  to  cause  a  letter  to  be  published  to  that  effect  in  the  journals  of  England  and  America.  Ho  also  pledged  himself  to  burn,  in  presence  of  the  witnesses,  the  letter  he  had  received  from  the  Duke  of  Alba.  Thus  terminated  this  affair.  After  the  events  just  related,  M.  Soule,  pere,  wrote  to  the  Marquis  de  Turgot  a  very  violent  letter,  telling  him  that  it  was  not  the  Duke  of  Alba  and  M.  Soule,  fits,  who  ought  to  fight;  that  it  was  he  who  ought  to  avenge  the  honor  of  his  wife,  which  had  been  attacked  by  the  jokes  which  the  ambas ambassador  sador ambassador  of  France  had  permitted  himself  to  make.  The  parties  met,  as  has  been  stated,  and  M.  de  Turgot  was  wounded  by  a  pistol-shot  in  the  knee.  His  wound,  as  I  learn  from  a  friend  of  the  family,  is  not  so  serious  as  has  been  stated.  It  is  not  even  dangerous,  and  the  ball  has  been  extracted.  The  se seconds  conds seconds  were  Lord  Howden,  the  English  minister,  and  the  French  general  Caillie,  a  member  of  the  boundary  committee  between  France  and  Spain  ,  who  happened  to  be  at  Madrid  at  the  time.  The  Independence  Belge  mentions  a  fact,  of  which  there  is  also  private  confirmation,  namely,—a  third  duel,  arising  out  of  the  same  affair,  was  expected.  The  French  Consul  at  Santander  had  high  words  on  the  subject  of  the  quarrel  with  Mr.  Perry,  the  secretary  of  the  United  States  legation,  and  one  of  them  had  chal challenged  lenged challenged  the  other.  Another  story  in  circulation,  in  reference  to  the  above  extraordinary  affair,  is  that  M.  de  Soule,  being  as  unhandy  with  a  pistol  as  his  son  was  with  a  sword,  the  Marquis  de  Turgot  allowed  him  three  days  to  practise.  It  would  seem  from  the  result  that  the  American  (who  by  the  way  is  a  Frenchman  by  birth)  turned  his  lessons  to  good  account.  It  must  not  be  forgotten  that  the  reports  here  are  all  French.  Justice  requires  that  the  American  statement  should  be  heard  before  judgment  is  formed.  T.Attprg  frnm  Madrid,  of  the  20th.  state  that  M.  de  Tur Turgot's  got's Turgot's  situation  excited  much  interest.  The  local  inflamma inflammation  tion inflammation  and  fever  had  gone  on  constantly  increasing.  It  is  reported  that  M.  de  Turgot  has  been  recalled  by  his  govern government.  ment. government.  M.  Alfred  Mercier  (brother-in-law  of  M.  Soule)  has  sent  the  following  letter  to  the  editor  of  the  Sieele  :  Paris,  Dec.  25.  Sir,—ln  the  version  which  you  have  given  to-day  of  the  duels  which  have  taken  place,  on  the  one  part  between  the  Duke  d'Alba  and  M.  Soule,  jun.,  and  on  the  other  between  the  Marquis  de  Turgot  and  M.  Soule,  sen.,  there  are  three  errors.  The  family  connexion  which  unites  me  closely  to  M.  Soule  imposes  it  on  me  as  a  duty  to  rectify  them.  It  is  completely  inexact  that  Madame  Soule  appeared  in  the  dress  of  Marguerite  of  Burgundy,  at  the  ball  given  by  the  ambassador  of  France.  My  sister  wore  a  bark  blue  velvet  dress,  low  on  the  neck,  and  trimmed  with  gold  lace  ;  she  also  wore  a  head-dress  of  gold  lace.  What  is  true  is,  that  the  expression  which  led  to  the  challenge  from  my  nephew  to  the  Duke  d'Alba  was  this,  There  goes  Mar Marguerite  guerite Marguerite  of  Burgundy  and  which  M.  Soule,  jun.,  believed  he  heard  uttered  by  the  Duke  de  Alba,  and  which  he  at  once  took  up.  The  hostile  meeting  between  them  took  place  on  December  14,  and  after  a  contest  of  half  an  hour  without  result,  the  seconds  interfered,  and  declared  that  honour  was  satisfied.  The  combat  then  ceased,  and  the  ad adversaries  versaries adversaries  shook  hands.  Soule,  sera.,  did  not  take  up  .  again  the  affair  of  his  son,  for  his  challenge  to  the  Marquis  de  Turgot  was  sent  the  morning  of  the  day  on  which  the  duel  was  to  take  place  between  the  Duke  d'  Alba  and  my  nephew.  The  letter  to  the  Marquis  de  Turgot,  of  which  the  following  is  a  literal  copy,  explains  the  motives  of  the  challenge  :  Monsieur  le  Marquis,  the  difference  which  has  arisen  between  the  Duke  d'Alba  and  my  son  originated  in  your  ball-room.  It  was  at  your  house,  where  my  family  and  myself  were  guests,  and  on  the  occasion  of  a  fete,  of  which,  by  a  sort  of  official  representation,  the  Duke  d'Alba  could  look  on  himself  as  the  hero,  that  this  latter  took  the  liberty  of  insulting  Madame  Soule,  without  anything  having  up  to  the  present  time  come  to  our  knowledge  to  exonerate  you  of  the  solidarity  which  that  circumstance  throws  upon  you.  &#34;'  It  has  even  been  asserted  that  from  your  lips  fell  ori originally  ginally originally  the  offensive  expression,  pronounced  afterwards  by  the  Duke  d'Alba,  and  so  nobly  taken  up  by  my  son.  That  being  the  case,  Monsieur  le  Marquis,  I  have  a  right  to  go  back  to  the  real  source  which  places  the  sword  in  the  hands  of  the  Duke  d'Alba  and  of  my  son,  to  make  the  quarrel  my  own  in  what  regards  you  ?  and  to  demand  from  you  personally  the  satisfaction  which  you  cannot  refuse  me.  Mr.  Perry,  my  friend,  and  an  American  citizen,  is  charged  to  receive  your  answer.  have  the  honor,  Monsieur  le  Marquis,  to  be  your  very  humble  servant.  '  PIERRE  SOULE,  citizen  of  the  United  States.'  M.  de  Turgot  has  declared  on  his  honor,  through  Lord  Howden  and  General  Caine,  his  seconds,  that  he  did  not  make  use  of  the  expression  imputed  to  him,  but  he  refused  to  give  any  satisfaction,  for  this  reason,  that  the  insult  hav having  ing having  taken  place  in  the  ball-room  of  the  embassy,  he  was  bound  to  make  an  apology  to  the  lady  concerned.  Then  M  Soule  insisted  on  M.  de  Turgot  appearing  on  the  ground  ,  with  him.  The  rest  is  known.  Receive,  monsieur,  the  expression  of  my  high  consideration.  MRB.CIER,  Rue  Notre  Dame  des  Changes,  No.  BANKRUPTS.  James  Smith,  stationer,  Brighton,  and  King.street,  Snow Snowhill,  hill, Snowhill,  London.  John  Green,  draper,  Landport,  Portsea,  Southampton.  William  Honey,  late  builder,  and  }  licensed  victualler,  New  Brompton,  Gillingham,  Kent.  Duncan  Jenkins,  licensed  victualler,  White  Hart  public  house,  Mile  End-road,  Middlesex.  John  Dent,  builder,  Queen's-road,  Homerton,  Middlesex.  James  Turner,  cheesemonger,  Whiteohapel,  High-street,  and  John's-row,  St.  Luke's,  Middlesex,  William  Bower,  tailor,  Pickering,  North  Riding,  York.  Henry  Dawber,  butcher,  Lincoln.  Thomas  Wilkinson,  builder,  Openshaw,  Lancaster.  Thomas  Henderson,  draper,  Newcastle-upon-Tyne.  SHARE  MARKETS,—YESTERDAY.  LIVERPOOL.—The  market  yesterday  was  not  charac characterised  terised characterised  by  any  animation.  In  truth,  the  holiday  seemed  to  have  extended  itself.  The  prices  were  as  on  Saturday.  Caledonian,  28;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  67,1;  London  and  North  Western,  1031  4  ;  Midland,  634  s  ;  North  British,  8  ;  South  Eastern  Stock,  188.  MANCHESTER.—The  following  was  the  business  done  to-day  :—Cork,  Blackrock,  and  Passage,  x,cl.  ;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  671;  London  and  North  Western,  104  ;  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincoln,  24-1-  4  ;  Midland  Rail Railway  way Railway  Consols,  63t,  4c;  South  Eastern,  181,  The  BEST  PATTERNS  and  the  NEWEST  STYLES  of  READY  MADE  GARMENTS  are  to  be  had  At  Wm,  EARP  and  CO.'S,  59  and  61,  LORD  STREET.  Stgann.—On  Monday  night,  a  man  named  Ramsbottom,  of  Berry's-court,  Adelphi,  Salford,  committed  suicide  by  cutting  his  throat."
