text
"is  intended  to  sail  as  under-  1 STYLE=superscript  Unless  prevented  by  some  unforeseen  occurrence,  From  CLARENCE  DOCK,  LIVERPOOL.  Thursday  Jan  17,  at  51  o'clock,  Afternoon  Tuesday  Jan  22,  at  11  o'clock,  Forenoon  Saturday  Jan  26,  at  1  o'clock.  Afternoon  Thursday  Jun  31,  at  31-o'clock,  Afternoon  _  oods  for  shipment  must  be  alongside  the  vessel  one  hour  before  appointed  time  of  sailing.  PRINCESS  .  PRINCESS  PRINCESS  PRINCESS  N.B  Fares  :—Cabin,  including  Steward's  Fee,  155.;  Steerage,  6s.  .-  Servants  in  Cabin.  Full  Fare.  ROBERT  LAMONT,  17,  Wateritreet,  Liyerpool.  ADDRESS  of  the  Committee  for  PROCURING  INVESTIGATION  into  the  MISAPPLICATION  of  the  FUNDS  of  the  United  Legal  Friendly  Burial  better  known  as  the  Roy  .1  Oak  Burial  To  the  Members  of  the  above  Society,  and  the  public  generally  :  The  Committee  appointed  for  the  above  purpose,  consider  it  necessary  before  entering  on  their  'abours.  (as  well  to  guard  against  misrepresentations  as  for  the  better  inf  rmation  of  the  public,  with  regar  to  the  affairs  of  this  SNA  ty  )  to  state  the  circumstances  which  have  influenced  them  in  undertaking  the  duty  imposed  upon  them  and  in  order  to  do  so,  they  consider  that  the  fittest  cours^  they  can  adopt,  mill  be  to  lay  before  the  public  a  brief  abstract  of  the  bistrry  of  the  Society,  since  its  formation  in  1810.  It  was  founded  by  a  gentleman  named  Thomas  Hariwict  e  Taylor,  the  object  being,  litre  that  of  other  similar  societies,  to  provide  for  the  decent  interment  of  members  after  death  ;  to  secure  which,  each  Alenlbr  Id  contribute  acco:  :he  rules  L  y  !h  it  was  proposed  the  Society  should  be  -  The  Society's  Pules  art  , STYLE=superscript  re4istered  and  certified  according  to  Act  of  P,.rliamtuit.  It  is  directed  by  a  president,  a  secretary,  and  corn cornnAtLe  nAtLe cornnAtLe  of  tWeiN4  Members.  The  Sub-treasurer  at  this  time  received  no  salary,  it  being  considered  that  the  alvantaAes  he  derived  in  his  ',mitten,  as  publican,  from  the  Society  meeting  at  his  house,  would  ample  remuneration  for  his  trouble.  The  Collectors  then  received  eehalfpence  in  the  shilling,  as  commission  on  the  rectipts.  President  5s  per  week  for  attendance  a  :ew  hours  one  day  in  week,  to  receive  the  money  from  the  Collectors  and  hand  it  to  's  -treasurer,  and  the  Committee  also  is  each  per  night.  Ti  'e  -, STYLE=superscript  ered,  the  cAleetors  bee  ,-  few  years,  e  numerous  in  the  members  careless,  abuses  began  to  creep  in,  thr.  collectors  commission  was  increased  to  23  in  the  shling,  then  to  24d„  and  afterwards  to  3d.,  or  25  per  cent.,  and  this  at  a  time  when  the  rules  as  certified  provided  no  more  than  2,1.  in  the  shilling.  This  corn cornmittee  mittee cornmittee  regret  their  inability  to  fix  the  precise  date  at  which  the  salaries  of  the  different  officers  were  increased,  as  they  are  denied  all  access  to  the  books  of  the  society.  Suffice  it  to  say  that  at  the  preent  time  the  president  receives  about  .i'Bo  per  annum,  the  secretary  .180,  besides  llowances,the  committee  ss,  per  ni  l  -ht,  and  the  sub-treasurer  £173  per  annum,  although  the  rules  do  not  provide  for  the  payment  of  a  shilling  to  that  officer,  About  the  year  1845  another  abuse  crept  into  the  management,  namely,  the  collectors  sitting  on  committees.go  this,  and  the  dereliction  of  duty  on  the  part  of  the  president,  is  to  be  attributed  all  the  extravagance  and  peculation  which  followed,  The  president  is  invested  with  authority  over  all  the  officers  ;of  the  society,  and  consequently  liable  for  their  misconduct.  In  1851  in  consequence  of  the  c  , STYLE=superscript  llec llectors  tors llectors  (illegally  as  we  believe)  sitting  on  icommittees,  and  then  num numbering  bering numbering  15  (so  that  they  outnuml  , STYLE=superscript  ered  the  committee  as  legally  con constituted)  stituted) constituted)  voted  to  themselves  .4  . STYLE=superscript  25  each  by  way  of  Christmas-box.  Against  this  Mr.  Shepherd  and  others  protested  at  the  time  at  an  annual  general  meeting  held  in  Circus-street,  but  owing  to  the  illegal  disorderly  and  indecent  manner  in  which  the  meetings  are  invariably  conducted,  it  was  impossible  to  prevent  the  fraud  being  perpetrated,  and  nearly  ;45v0  of  the  society's  money  to  be  swept  away.  The  committee,  with  the  exception  of  Mr.  Henry  Shaw  receiving  each  for  their  complicity  in  the  matter.  In  1852  they  (the  officers  and  collectors)  disagreed,  as  people  of  their  character  usually  do  some  time  or  other,  and  the  members  were  in  hopes  that  the  old  adage  would  be  verified  in  their  case,  i.e.,  rogues  fell  out,  However  in  this  they  were  disappointed.  The  annual  general  meeting  for  1853  was  to  have  been  held  in  the  Argyle-rooms,  Newington,  but  owing  to  the  notoriety  which  the  transactions  of  the  society  had  acquired,  it  was  found  on  the  night  of  meeting  that  all  Newington  would  not  contain  the  number  of  members  who  assembled  :  the  consequence  was,  that  the  president  adjourned  the  meeting  sine  die,  thus  rendering  it  impossible  to  hold  another  meeting  for  twelve  months.  13  y  this  clever  they  secured  another  year,  during  which  to  make  things  snug  among  themselves.  Having  become  reconciled  to  one  another,  the  annnal  meeting  of  1853  took  place  in  Clayton-hall,  consisting  principally  of  women  and  children,  who  evidently  acted  under  the  guidance  of  some  persons  who  directed  when  to  hiss,  &amp;c.  This  meeting  was  distinguished  for  more  than  the  usual  amount  of  Billingsgate  and  rowdyism.  it  being  utterly  impossible  for  any  one,  except  the  officers  of  the  society,  to  obtain  a  hearing.  It  appears  from  the  printed  report  pub  ished  by  them  for  that  year,  that  two  life  policies,  for  4500  each,  were  accepted  from  the  sub-treasurer,  Mr.  Currie,  as  security  for  41000  which  he  owed  to  the  society—the  real  fact  being,  that  he  had  appropriated  that  amount  of  the  society's  funds  to  his  own  use.  He,  besides,  held  at  that  time  4790,  over  and  above  the  £lOOO  be before  fore before  mentioned.  Whereas  the  riles  of  the  society  declare  that  all  over  4300  should  be  at  once  placed  in  the  bank,  in  V  e  name  of  Wm.  Brown,  M.P.  This  appears  to  have  been  the  state  of  affairs  in  1854.  The  sub subtreasurer  treasurer subtreasurer  owed  41790,  some  odd  shillings—Le  society  held  the  security  mentioned  alto  e.  It  appears  to  this  Committee  that  emboldened  by  the  impunity  with  which  they  escaped  previously,  they  began  to  look  enviousi  on  the  entire  fundlot  the  society,  as  the  man  is  said  t  o  have  done  upon  the  goose  which  layed  the  golden  eggs.  Accordingly  a  few  days  previous  to  the  1  st  general  meeting,  which  took  place  on  the  28th  of  D  cember  last,  in  the  School-room,  Bevingt  on-hill,  Mr.  Shepherd  received  a  communication  from  oae  of  the  auditors,  Mr.  Mich.  1  Murphy,  (a  gentleman  who  has  upon  various  occasions  rendered  immense  service  to  the  society),  stating  that  42320  9s.  7d.  of  the  society's  money  had  been  fraudulently  voted  away  by  the  commit committee  tee committee  on  the  30th  of  November  last.  in  consequence  of  which  he  hid  refused  to  sign  the  balance-sheet,  and  that  the  officers  of  the  society  were  determined  to  have  this  vote  confirmed  at  the  annual  meeting.  Mr.  Shepherd  attended  that  meeting  for  the  purpose  of  moving  as  an  amendment  that  the  balance-sheet  d  t  not  pass  until  the  said  vote  be  rescinded,  and  the  sums  'herein  included  be  ca'ried  to  the  credit  of  the  society.  What  took  tlace  uoon  that  occasion  this  committee  feel  it  unnecessary  to  detail.  How  the  Nres.dent,  in  his  usual  brutal  style,  compelled  the  reporters  to  withdraw.  How  he  treated  Mr.  Shepherd  when  that  gentleman  ascended  the  platform  (in  one.  dience  to  the  all  but  unanimous  call  of  the  meeting).  How  the  officers  and  most  of  the  collectors  exceeded  even  themselves  in  their  ruffianly  and  ungentlemanly  clitduct,  are  now  notorious  facts,  needing  no  comment  from  us.  Such  conduct,  we  are  convinced,  w  11  receive  a  fitting  condemnation  on  the  part  of  the  public.  This  committee,  then,  while  dec:aring  that  they  are  actu actuated  ated actuated  by  no  personal  animosity,  beg  to  express  their  firm  determnation  never  to  desist  until  they  obtain  a  free  and  full  inquiry  into  the  affairs  of  the  society.  We  charge  the  officers  and  collectors  with  violation  of  he  rules,  with  illegally  conducting'  the  annual  general  meet  ngs  of  the  society,  for  the  pur purpose  pose purpose  of  s  u  pp  re  s  s  i  n  g  an  i  preventing  all  inquiry:  and  lastly,  we  charge  them,  upon  the  authority  of  the  Society's  auditors,  with  fraudulently  appropriating  the  Society's  funds  to  the  amount  of  42,320  9s.  7d.  This  committee,  therefore,  desire  to  inform  the  members.  and  the  public,  that  they  have  taken  legal  procee  lings,  having  engaged  icitors  to  commence  the  inquiry,  either  by  suit  at  law  or  such  er  (proceedings  as  they  mai  deem  fit.  In  the  meantime  sub subiption  iption subiption  lists  are  open  ;  and  this  committee  would  beg  earnestly  to  tress  upon  the  working  men  the  necessity  of  contributing  their  d  i  n  the  prosecution  of  this  inquiry,  cs  much  with  a  view  -conducting  of  Societies  In  general,  as  for  this  particular  pence  t  to  the  instan  c  Shew  to  the  officers  of  all  Societies  of  the  town  that  you  are  alive  to  your  own  interests,  and  you  shall  have  no  more  Royal  Oak  Frauds.  To  the  public  also  of  all  classes  we  say,  g  , STYLE=superscript  ve  us  your  sympathy,  if  need  be,  your  purse,  as  you  too  are  interested  in  this  quest  i  on.  Look  to  the  thousands  of  pounds  paid  annually  for  interments  by  these  Societies,  which  would  otherwise  fall  upon  the  poor's-rate.  We  claim  the  support  of  all,  having  nothing  in  view  b  u  t  the  pub public  lic public  Rood,  and  the  preservation  of  the  rights  of  the  po  or  .  This  Committee  also  think  it  right  to  say  to  the  Members,  your  Pennies  as  usual  to  the  Collectors  who  may  call  upon  you.  If  any  of  the  Collectors  do  not  call  as  usual,  apply  to  Mr.  Shepherd,  or  any  of  the  Committee  of  Investigation,  who  will  give  you  instructions  how  to  act  in  the  matter.  Don't  allow  yourselves  to  be  thrown  out  of  benefit.  Our  object  is  to  save,  not  injure  the  Society,  which  would  be  the  result  :if  Members  stopt  payment.  Continue  your  payments,  and  we  pledge  ourselves  to  see  justice  done  to  all  parties.  Signed,  on  b  half  of  the  Committee,'  JOSEPH  SHEPHERD,  99  Scotland-road,  Chairman,  FRANCIS  MTninurs,  95,  Scotland-road,  lion,  Sec.  -  The  position  of  existing  societies  is  satisfactory,  if  they  be  regarded  only  in  their  character  as  Commercial  associa associations.  tions. associations.  It  is  certain  that  they  have  met  with  unexampled  prosperity  from  the  precaution  which  has  been  exercised  of  charging  a  considerable  margin  in  favour  of  the  society  over  the  mathematical  value  of  the  risk  attending  the  assurance  of  any  life,  and  from  the  profitable  and  judicious  manner,  in  which  the  premiums  are  generally  invested.  Hence  it  has  followed  as  the  result  of  experience  of  up upwards  wards upwards  of  a  century  and  a  half,  that  no  commercial  under undertaking  taking undertaking  surpassed  an  assurance  office  in  the  steadiness  with  which  its  prosperity,  and  consequent  profit,  in increases  creases increases  ;  always  supposing  equal  judgment  and  care  to  be  exercised  in  the  management.  This  may  be  regarded  not  as  the  result  of  accident,  but  as  verifying  the  exact exactness  ness exactness  of  the  limits  within  which  events  may  be  estimated  by  the  law  of  average  as  likely  to  occur.  In  fact,  the  remarkable  manner  in  which  the  happening  of  assurance  events  has  coincided  with  the  calculated  probability  of  their  occurrence,  has  proved  that  there  is  less  tendency  to  fluctuation  in  the  profits  of  an  Assurance  society  than  in  those  of  any  other  Commercial  enterprise.  Such  is  the  commercial  aspect  of  existing  companies,  but  if  they  be  measured  by  the  extent  of  good  they  have  done  to  the  community  at  large,  or  by  the  number  of  families  whose  pecuniary  difficulties,  or  suffering,  assu assurance  rance assurance  societies  have  contributed  to  alleviate,  then  —  (remembering  the  millions  in  the  United  Kingdom  alone,  who  have  lived  and  died  since  an  assurance  office  was  first  founded),—it  must  be  acknowledged  that  the  number  of  persons  who  have  been  benefitted  is  limited,  indeed;  and  that  hundreds  only  have  been  assisted  where  tens  of  thousands  have  suffered  ;—hence,  so  far  from  there  being  ground  for  no  greater  exertion  being  made  to  extend  the  operations  of  assurance  companies—so  far  from  there  being  any  reason  that  the  public  should  rest  satisfied  with  the  activity  of  the  majority  of  the  existing  associations,—it  must  be  acknowledged  that  they  have  failed,  to  a  con considerable  siderable considerable  extent,  in  their  mission.  •Published  by  C.  Mitchell,  Red  Lion  Court,  Fleet-street,  London,  MADRID,  JAN,  14.—General  O'Donnell  has  been  en  trusted  with  the  formation  of  a  new  cabinet,  COPENHAGEN,  JAN.  14.—Two  English  vessels  of  war  have  arrived  here  returning  into  the  Baltic  to  resume  the  cruize  after  ships  of  the  enemy,  or  neutrals  carrying  contrabands  of  war.  VIENNA,  TUESDAY.—  Prince  Gortschakoff  awaits  fur further  ther further  instructions  from  St.  Petersburg.  He  continues  his  preparations  for  departure  on  the  18th.  Further  concessions  are  expected  to  be  brought  by  Count  Stackel Stackelberg.  berg. Stackelberg.  The  sth  condition  stipulates  that  Bomarsund  is  not  to  be  reconstructed.  No  counter-statement  on  this  point.  .  _  RAILWAY  SIGNALS.—An  ingenious  invention  is  about  to  be  put  in  practical  operation  on  the  South  Western  Railway.  Every  train  will  have  a  gutta  percha  tube  extending  the  whole  length.  This  tube  will  be  formed  of  parts  which  are  attached  to  each  other  by  a  spring  clip,  so  that  the  length  of  the  tube  can  be  made  to  correspond  wrth  the  length  of  any  train.  This  tube  is  connected  with  an  air  pump  in  the  guard's  van  in  the  front,  and  with  the  guard's  van  at  the  end  of  the  train.  By  a  stroke  of  this  pump,  the  air  is  forced  through  the  tube  to  the  opposite  end  of  the  train,  and  produces  a  very  loud  and  shrill  whistle  at  a  mouth-piece  attached  to  the  tube  in  each  guard's  van,  and  to  a  mouth mouthpiece  piece mouthpiece  which  extends  also  close  to  the  engine  -driver:  Printed  instructions  are  to  be  placed  in  the  hands  of  guards,  engine enginedrivers,  drivers, enginedrivers,  and  stokers,  which  state  that  one  whistle  means  '  , STYLE=superscript  Look  two  whistles  signify  .  anclljhree  whistles  denote  This  information  conveyed  by  either  of  the  guards  to  one  another  and  to  the  engine-driver  and  stoker,  will  cause,  it  is  hoped,  such  a  look-out  in  front,  such  a  use  of  the  breaks  attached  to  each  guard's  van,  and  such  a  regulation  of  the  speed  of  a  train,  as  cannot  fail  to  secure  a  great  degree  of  safety.  Another  invention  about  to  be  used  on  the  South  Western  Railway  is  the  following  :  Two  lights,  one  red  and  the  other  white,  are  to  be  fixed  to  an  arm  at  a  certain  distance  from  each  other,  and  at  a  certain  angle,  and  to  be  connected  with  the  axle  of  one  of  the  wheels  of  the  last  carriage  of  each  night  train,  and  caused  to  revolve  by  the  motion  of  the  train.  The  speed  at  which  they  turn  will  be  governed  by  the  speed  of  the  train,  which  it  will  also  indicate,  to  warn  and  guide  the  drivers  of  trains  coming  after.  The  present  lights  on  railway  crrriages  can  at  a  dis distance  tance distance  be  scarcely  distinguished  from  fixed  lights,  and  it  is  impossible  at  times  to  guess,  until  a  collision  is  imminent,  whether  the  light  seen  a-head  is  the  one  attached  to  the  first  or  last  carriage  of  a  train,  and  consequently,  whether  the  train  with  such  a  light  is  coming  towards,  or  going  from,  another.  To  obviate  this  inconvenience  and  danger,  the  revolving  lights  will  be  most  effectual,  for  even  if  a  train  is  stopped,  and  the  revolving  lights  are  at  rest,  the  angle  at  which  they  are  placed  will  render  them  distinguishable  and  easy  of  recognition.  ATTEMPTED  ROBBERY.—EarIy  on  Sunday  morning  the  mill  of  Messrs.  G.  Crowther  and  Co.,  of  Churwell,  near  Leeds,  was  broken  into  by  six  men,  and  an  attempt  was  made  to  remove  about  250/.  worth  of  cleat,  but  was  prevented  after  a  serious  conflict,  in  which  two  or  three  of  the  men  on  each  side  were  more  or  less  injured.  Five  of  the  thieves,  named  William  Cain,  of  Manchester  ;  John  Briggs,  labourer,  Armley,  near  Leeds  ;  James  Marsden,  mason,  Armies*  ;  John  Pickard,  a  returned  convict  ;  and  David  Sttel,  a  cartman  in  the  employ  of  Messrs.  Crowther,  were  aparehended  It  ap appears  pears appears  that  in  consequence  of  information  ,  anal  of  the  numerous  robberies  that  have  taken  place  iu  this  wig  hourhood  during  the  winter,  John  Huiroyd  and  Lupton,  constables  of  Morley,  Samuel  Hurst,  David  Lofthouse,  George  Richardson,  and  Joseph  Crowther,  were  set  to  watch  the  premises  on  Saturday  night.  About  ten  minutes  to  six  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning  the  private  watchman  locked  the  watchhouse  door,  and  then  went  home.  The  constables  and  their  assistants  took  up  a  position  in  a  shed  near,  from  which  they  had  a  view  of  the  whole  of  the  works.  mmediately  afterwards  they  saw  the  prisoners  and  a  sixth  man  go  to  the  mill  door,  which  they  opened  with  a  skeleton  key  and  entered.  They  were  observed  to  go  into  the  second  story,  and  commence  removing  some  ends  of  cloth  to  the  lower  room,  and  after  removing  several  ends  in  this  manner  Steel  came  out  with  some  cloth  upon  his  shoulder.  when  the  watchers  rushed  towards  him,  and  at  the  same  time  one  of  the  thieves  fired  a  pistol.  Marsden,  Briggs,  and  the  man  not  in  custody  followed  Steel,  and  the  parties  closed  upon  each  other,  and  a  desperate  struggle  took  place.  The  con constables  stables constables  were  knocked  down  several  times,  and  had  to  use  their  staves  very  freely  before  they  were  able  to  overcome  the  resistance  offered,  the  principal  part  of  the  contest  being  between  Marsden,  a  tall  muscular  fellow,  and  the  two.  constables  ;  and  it  was  not  until  Marsden  was  disabled  that  he  was  secured.  During  the  struggle  one  of  the  robbers  escaped,  and  Steel  attempted  to  follow,  when  he  was  shot  in  the  right  thigh,  just  below  the  hip.  In  the  meantime  Cain  and  Pickard  were  locked  in  the  mill,  and  after  their  accomplices  had  been  secured  they  sarrendered  without  offering  any  opposi opposition.  tion. opposition.  It  was  then  discovered  that  27  ends  of  cloth  had  been  removed  to  the  lower  story.  Steel  was  found  to  have  sustained  such  injuries  as  to  necessitate  his  immediate  removal  to  the  Leeds  Infirmary,  where  he  now  lies  in  a  pre precarious  carious precarious  state.  Marsden  was  also  very  much  battered,  and  Richardson,  one  of  the  watchers,  much  injured.  Upon  the  prisoners  and  the  premises  were  found  eleven  skeleton  keys.  The  prisoners  were  on  Monday  taken  before  the  Rev.  J.  A.  Rhodes,  a  West  Riding  magistrate,  at  Leeds,  and  were  remanded  until  Monday  next.  Some  of  the  prisoners  are  well-known  characters,  and  the  others,  with  the  exception  of  Steel,  who  has  been  three  years  in  the  service  of  Messrs  Crowther,  are  idle,  dissolute  fellows.  INCREASE  or  DISCOUNT  AT  ;i  HALIFAX.-the  two  Halifax  b  ►nks  have  just  issued  a  circular  informing  their  customers  that  henceforward  and  until  further  notice  they  shall  charge  interest  at  the  rate  of  six  per  cent.  They  allege  that  they  have  for  some  time  laboured  under  con considerable  siderable considerable  disadvantages  by  charging  a  lower  rate  of  interest  than  that  adopted  by  the  Bank  of  England;  and  the  present  tightness  of  the  money  market  has  decided  them  to  adopt  the  above  rate.  The  Vienna  correspondent  of  the  Independance  Beige'  asserts  that  Russia  does  not  oppose  an  absolute  refusal  to  the  question  of  a  cession  of  territory.  On  the  contrary,  the  principle  is  admitted,  hut  Russia  asks  that.  this  new  arrangement  of  frontiers  between  Bessarabia  and  Moldavia  shall  be  settled  by  a  European  Congress  , STYLE=superscript  and  not  by  the  Western  Powers  alone.  It  is  also  stated  that  Count  Staeleelberg,  who  left  St.  Petersburg  for  Vienna  on  the  9th  instant,  is  the  bearer  of  modifications  to  the  counter-propositions  which  constitute  still  further  concessions  on  the  part  of  Russia.  The  Post  says  :—There  can  be  no  doubt  of  the  distress  existing  in  the  Russian  empire.  The  terms  Russia  yields  are  a  proof  of  this.  But  those  terms  are  not  ours,  nor  those  of  Austria,  who  rejects  them.  Nevertheless,  it  is  , STYLE=superscript  not  to  be  denied  that  Russia  has  given  way  considerably,  and  it  now  remains  to  be  seen  whether  we  must  apply  to  her  again  the  same  persuasion  that  has  already  so  well  succeeded,  or  whether  she  wili  of  herself  now  give  way  altogether  and  subscribe  to  our  terms.  The  present  week  will  decide  this.  Has  Russia  money  and  men  to  face  the  spring  campaign  ?  And  if  she  have—have  we  not  so  much  more  wealth,  and  so  much  larger  forces,  as  to  make  it  a  moral  certainty  that  this  year  will  bring  the  war  to  a  triumphant  issue  ?  Russia  may  yield  nosy  Then,  she  will  he  vanquished.  Galignani's  Messenger  loudly  complains  of  the  contra contradictory  dictory contradictory  despatches  conveyed  by  the  electric  telegraph  The  boasted  official  intellig3nce  circulated  by  marly  journals—the  ridiculous  political  information  gleaned  from  ill-informed  papers  of  Germany—all  of  which  has  alternately  wearied,  saddened,  and  offended,  the  reading  public  of  the  continent.  If  we  scrutinize  the  v  ast  majority,of  the  telegraphic  communications,  how  few  are  inspired  by  truth—how  few  are  even  genuine.  For  months  past  has  the  world  been  favoured  by  a  London  journal  with  daily  despatches,  purporting  to  have  been  received  by  the  much-abused  telegraph  from  Berlin.  Yet  these  soi soidisant  disant soidisant  despatches  are  merely  rumours  or  inventions,  given  days  before  by  German  papers  and  published  in  our  columns  with  the  name  of  the  authority  from  whence  we  extracted  the"
