text
"is  on  this  account  th  j STYLE=superscript  at  I  really  feel  it  is  a  credit  to  us  to  ha'  like  Mr.  Earle  to  sit  for  the  West  Dert  a  man  Ward.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  dc  Int  to  say  too  much  in  laudation  of  'Mr.  Earle  ;  but  we  should  do  ourselves  credit  by  electing  him,  because  it  is  more  the  duty  f  electors  to  seek  out  their  c  turn  him,  so  as  not  to  put  him  in  the  position  of  soliciting  the  t  were,  of  representing  you,  or  - STYLE=superscript  going  about  makinf  .  ,  which  is  so  entirely  degrading,  and  which  Earle  has  so  entirely  repudiated,  that  I  think  a  good  example  is  set  by  Mr.  Earle's  mode  of  ap approaching  proaching approaching  us,  in  placing  himself  choose  to  elect  him,  and  is  Air  service,  ii  i  every  waylbecom-  ing  both  the  candidate  and  the  electors.  (Hear,  hear.)  lam  making  those  as  preliminary  remarks,  knowing  how  necessary  they  are  ;  knowing,  also,  you  are  so  fully  acquainted  with  Mr.  Earle's  merits;  but  I  make  them  in  a  preliminary  manner,  to  in introduce  troduce introduce  the  subject  of  the  first  resolution.  It  is  customary  in  a  meeting  of  this  kind  that  a  formal  resolution  should  be  proposed  and  seconded,  and  with  these  remarks  I  shall  call  on  Mr.  Youd  to  propose  the  first  resolution.  Before  Ido  so,  how however,  ever, however,  I  desire  to  say  that  Mr.  Brown,  than  whom  no  one  is  better  acquainted  with  Mr.  Earle's  fitness  for  the  (Alice  of  Town  Councillor,  has  the  greatest  desire  that  he  should  make  his  way  to  a  place  in  the  Town  Council;  but  unfortunately  Mr.  Brown  cannot  be  here  this  evening.  I  have  a  note  also  from  Mr.  Earle,  addressed  to  myself,  to  this  effect.  Mr.  Earle  I  find  there  is  to  be  a  meeting  on  Monday  evening  of  the  electors  of  the  West  Derby  Ward  who  are  d  tho  Town.  Conn.  sirous  of  returning  me  to  an  engagement  which  will  render  it  impossible  fo  me  to  - STYLE=superscript  attend,  even  if  it  were  consist  t  with  my  'to  do  so,  but  I  think  I  am  .  ..  _  ner  most  respectful  to  the  electors  by  abstaining  from  any  interference  with  their  proceedings.'  (Applause.)  Now,  you  will  understand  from  that  note  from  Mr.  Earle  that  it  is  from  a  feeling  of  deli delicacy  cacy delicacy  due  to  you,  to  himself,  and  to  the  great  ques-  tion  of  representative  and  municipal  duties  that  he  does.  not  attend  here.  (Applause.)  He  then  called  upon  Mr.  Youd,  an  old  reformer,  who  had  at  all  times  worked  steadily  with  them,  to  propose  the  first  resolution.  _  _  Mr.  PETER  YOUD,  in  proposing  the  first  resolu resolution,  tion, resolution,  said  he  did  not  conceive  they  conferred  a  favour  on  Mr  Earle  by  asking  him  to  become  their  representative,  but  Mr.  Earle  was  conferring  a  favour  on  the  electors  of  West  Derby.  (Cheers.)  He  hoped  they  would  return  him  with  a  good  m  iority  They  should  feel  proud  to  have  such  a  ;presentative.  Pe  had  great  pleasure  in  moving— 'moving'  That  it  is  the  opinion  of  this  meeting,  that  in  selecting  ,embers  for  the  Town  Council  the  utmost  importance  aould  be  attached  to  the  choice  of  men  of  upright  and  inde indeiendent  iendent indeiendent  character  and  ability,  not  legislators  for  party  and  lass  interests,  but  such  men  as  will  devote  their  energieE  Ind  influence  for  the  benefit  of  the  He  thought  they  might  depend  upon  Mr.  Earle  in  every  respect.  He  did  not  know  that  Mr.  Earle'.  opponent,  Mr.  Clint,  had  anything  to  recommend  him,  except  that  he  had  voted  for  Forbes  M'Kenzie  and  they  liked  that  recommendation  let  them  vote  for  Mr.  Clint.  (Laughter  and  He  had  great  pleasure  in  moving  the  first  resolution.  Mr.  KIRKIIS  in  seconding  the  resolution,  contras contrasted  ted contrasted  the  member  Who  had.  been  returned  for  West  Derby  Ward,  Mr.  Arthur  Henderson,  with  the  gentlemen  who  had  been  rejected,  Mr.  Mather,  Mr.  Eyre  Evans,  and  Mr.  G.  H.  Lawrence,  re.  marking  that  the  former  was  not  fit  to  hold  e  candle  to  any  one  of  those  gentlemen.  Let  then  send  into  the  council  a  man  . STYLE=superscript  like  Mr.  Earle  They  had  too  long  allowed  matters  like  the  Pike'  to  influence  them  in  rejecting  men  of  the  firs.  class  He  hoped  this  would  no  longer  confirm(  and  he  would  remind  the  meeting  it  was  men  lik  Mr.  Earle,  Mr.  Currie,  and  a  few  others;  who  use  to  report  the  proceedings  of  the  old  corporation  when  they  sat  with  closed  doors,  and  were  it  nc  for  them,  we  should  have  nothing  to  do  in  th  matter  at  all.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Earle  was  man  of  independent  character,  of  great  ability abilitya  a abilitya  man  who  would  neither  act  for  one  party  c  another,  and  who  would  as  readily  denounce  a  jo  perpetrated  li STYLE=superscript  ti  his  fripmfq.  AC  ha  wovaa  our  yc  petrated  by  his  opponents.  He  trusted  h  election  would  be  secured.  (Hear,  hear.)  Th  was  the  man  they  wanted,  and  hoped  the  would  do  their  utmost  to  return  him.  Mr.  A.  C.  STEWART  supported-  the  .  resolution  an  able  speech,  in  which  he  referred  to  the  large  interests  which  the  town  council  of  Liverpool  had  to  deal  with,  and  pointed  out  the  necessity  of  having  -  men  of  large  views,  of  competent  intelli intelligence,  gence, intelligence,  and  thorough  independence,  returned  to  the  council.  He  knew  no  man  in  Liverpool  who  would  more  satisfactorily  perform  the  duties  of  the  office  than  Mr.  Earle.  The  resolution  was  then  put,  and  carried  unanimously.  '  Mr.  HUME,  Surgeon,  proposed  the  next  resolu resolution,  tion, resolution,  which  was  as  follows  :  Burgesses  of  West  Derby  ward  now  assembled,  have  great  satisfaction  in  expressing  their  unchanging  admiration  both  of  the  public  and  private  character  of  Mr.  Earle—his  well  known  general  ability,  kindness,  and  tact,  local  know knowledge  ledge knowledge  of  men  and  things,  applying  with  peculiar  force  at  the  present  time  to  the  improvements  of  the  town  which  are  now  so  proMinently  under  consideration.  His  unwearied  devotion  to  the  public  service,  whether  parochial  or  municipal,  his  ready  and  prompt  exposure  of  all  attempts  at  jobbing,  qualify  bin]  for  great  public  usefulness  ;  whilst  his  large  property  in  'West  Derby  ward  peculiarly  fit  him  to  be  returned  to  the  town  council  as  our  representative,  and  we  hereby  pledge  ourselves  to  secure  his  triumphant  Mr.  JOHN  BARRY  seconded  the  motion.  Mr,  Earle  was  in  every  respect  fully  qualified  to  repre.  sent  the  ward  in  Council.  He  had  served  two  ap.  prenticeships  ;  he  had  gone  through  a  long  career  of  usefulness,  and  he  trusted  they  would  find  him  as  he  was  certain  they  would,  a  very  valuable  any  excellent  member  of  the  Council.  (Applause.)  Mi.  Moss,  as  a  member  of  the  vestry  who  hai  had  some  personal  difference  with  Mr.  Earle,  saic  he  never  knew  a  man  who  gave  up  personal  in  terests  so,soon  when  the  public  interests  were  a  Mr.  Earle,  standing  as  he  did  in  th,  at  stak  istrate,  emphatically  prominent  position  of  a  m  a  gentleman,  and  a  man  of  superior  educat  could  find  time  to  leave  the  ease  of  vate  life,  and.  thought  it  no  degradation  to  at"
