text
"RN  DAILY  TIMES.  Were  many  young  med  Illy  competent  would  to  them  REMOVAL  OP  NUISANCES,  The  return  was  - STYLE=superscript  orciered  to  be  prepared  PUBLIC  HEALTH  ACT  REPAIRS  TO  THE  TIOSPITAI  chased  at  a  cost  not  exceeding  £1  several  minor  orders,  relative  to  the  ma  institution,  the  Board  separated.  Torres  gtraiis,  has  leached  this  studies  tts.dmvc  such  appointments  ;  therefore,  v STYLE=superscript  he  should  urge  the  neces necessity  sity necessity  of  each  district  sending  in  the  names  of  such  persons  as  were  willing  and  competent  to  undertake  such  visitation  should  it  be  required.  If  such  a  course  were  adopted,  they  would  be  prepared,  in  case  such  an  emergency  should.arise.  Mr.  ALPASS  said'  the  - STYLE=superscript  salary  for,  such  services  would  be  L  2  per  week.  -'lifter  a  brief  desultory  conversation  the  recommendation  was  adopted,  and  the  Clerk  received  his  instructions  accordingly.  •  -  The  CLERK  ,then  referred  to  the  number  of  orders  which  had  been  made  for  the  removal  of  nuisances,  scarcely  any  of  which  - STYLE=superscript  had  been  attended  to,  the  result  of  which  was,  that  the  orders  had  become  a  dead  letter.  He  recommended  the  appointment  of  a  person  to  enforce  the  removal  of  the  nuisances,  after  the  order  for  such  had  been  obtained.  An  n  official  named  Downes,  who  had  comparatively  nothing  whatever  to  do,  should  render  assistance  in  that  department.  Mr.  SHAW  moved  for  a  return  of  the  expenses  attending  upon  the  removal  of  nuisances,  and.  what  the  Union  had  received.  The  CLERK  said,  with  the  exception  of  one  case,  the  Union  had  not  lost  a  single  farthing.  Mr.  ALPASS,  after  alluding  to  the  defective  state  of  the  drainage  in  Springfield-street,  Old  Swan,  and  some  of  the  rural  parts  of  the  Union  ;  particularly  Bootle,  moved  a  reso-  , STYLE=superscript  lution  to  the  effect,  that  it  would  be  impossible  to  perma permanently  nently permanently  remove  the  nuisances  existing,  'unless  the  Public  Health  Act  was  applied  to  that  district.  This  resolution  was  unanimously  adopted,  and  directed  it  to  be  forwarded  to  the  overseers,  as  the  opinion  of  that  Board  on  the  subject.  Mr.  Martin's  contract,  for  repairs  Co  beaT)ne  to  the  Hospital,  amountirg  to  £355,  was  accepted.  The  other  contract  for  the  same  work  was  £456.  A,  clock  was  directed  to  be  pur pur__  __ pur__  for  the  Hospital.  After  TOTAL  WRECK  OF  A  LIVERPOOL  SHIP.  EIGHT  LIVES  LOST.  An  account  of  the  distressing  wreck  of  the  ship  Bourneuf  )f  Liverpool,  on  a  great  detach  d  reef  at  the  en  - STYLE=superscript  U.  - STYLE=superscript  mice  of  ti  .7  •  The  vessel'  sailed  from  H  o  b  son  '  s  Bay,  Australia,  on  the  15th  July,  and  on  the  3d  August  got  on  shore  on  the  reef,  and  became  a  total  wreck.  In  attempting  to  leave  the  wreck,  the  Captain  (Bibby),  his  wife,  her  sister,  and  five  of  the  seamen,  were  drowned,  a  sea  having  struck  the  bo  a  t  when  half  lowered,  which  broke  the  davits  and  drove  the  boat  under  the  ship's  counter.  The  rest  of  the  crew  miracu miraculously  lously miraculously  escaped,  six  seamen  and  a  young  apprentice,  Alfred  Brownless,  a  native  of  Liverpool,  are  reported  as  badly  bruised.  Everything*  was  lost,  and  many  of  the  crew  were  naked.  Those  saved,  thirty-one  in  number,  were  picked  up  by  a  Dutch  vessel,  the  Everdina  bound  from  Sydney  to  Batavia.  Afterwards  six  of  the  men  were  drafted  to  the  British  barque,  bound  to  Bombay  ;  •  the  chief  mate  is  coming  home  in  the  French  barque,  Julius  bound  to  Havre.  The  statement  does  not  furnish  the  names  of  the  men  that  were  drowned.  •  The  was  a  new  ship,  of  1400  tons,  and  com commenced  menced commenced  her  first  voya  ge  on  th  e  26  t  h  M  ay,  1852,  f;•om  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  to  Port  Phillip  with  a  large  number  of  government  emigrants."
