text
"The  .  news  from  Burmah  is  to  the  Bth  ultimo,  Another  war  was  fully  expected.  There  is  a  strong  report  that  the  King  of  Burmah  has  been  put  to  death.  More  fighting  .  has  taken  place  in  the  Nizam's  dominions.  •  Mr.  J.  H.  Dolvin  is  appointed  governor  of  the  North  Western  Provinces,  _  Trade  at  Bombay  was  dull—exchange  at  Calcutta  on  London,  2s.  lid.  Shanghai  was  still  in  the  possession  of  the  insur insurgents.  gents. insurgents.  At  Amoy  there  was  still  some  fighting  between  the  government  troops  and  rebels.  The  country  around  Ningpo  was  in  a  very  dis disturbed  turbed disturbed  state.  Canton  was,  at  the  latest  date,  quiet.  Exchange  at  Hong-Kong  ,on  London  ss.  6d  Trade  brisk.  T'ie  exportation  of  Grain  from  Egypt  is  still  permitted:  FRANCE.  It  is  said  that  a  Polish  legion  is  being  forthed  in  France,  but  that  it  has  not  any  direct  sanction  from  the  government,  but  they  will  not  oppose  it.  The  Presse  says,  that  a  Polish  legion  is  forming  there  for  operations,  as  is  supposed,  in  Asia.  The  Porte  is  also  organising  a  corps  of  Turkish  Nothing  positive  has  transpired  respecting  the  motive  for  sending  for  M.  Walewski  to  Fontain Fontainbleau.  bleau. Fontainbleau.  All  that  is  said  in  the  ministerial  circles  is  that  the  emperor  wished  to  entrust  to  his  ambas ambassador  sador ambassador  certain  documents  of  a  private  nature  re respecting  specting respecting  the  eastern  question,  which  may  render  it  necessary  to  call  for  explanations  from  Austria.  It  would  appear,  therefore,  that  the  emperor  is  not  quite  satisfied  with  the  last  assurances  of  the  Aus Austrian  trian Austrian  ambassador,  that  although  his  government  has  resolved  upon  a  policy  of  neutrality,  it  shall  be  a  neutrality  which  will  nowherp  favour,  directly  or  indirectly,  the  interests  of  Russia."
