text
"NEW  SANITARY  BILL.  Mr.  STEWART,  as  chairman  of  the  parliamentary  com committee,  mittee, committee,  brought  up  the  new  sanitary  bill  and  explained  some  of  its  principal  clauses.  He  observed  that  the  town  clerk  was  anxions  that  it  should  first  meet  with  the  approval  of  the  committee  before  it  was  laid  before  the  council  generally.  Mr.  Stewart  being  almost—  inaudible  at  the  reporters'  table  We  could  not  fully  catch  his  observations,  but  we  understood  him  to  say  that  in  every  building  .  to  be  erected  the  owner  should  be  compelled  to  drain  it  into  the  main  sewers,  the  latter  to  be  made  at  the  expense‘of  the  town.  Mr.  GODFREY  asked  if  the  building  societies  and  other  large  owaera  of  property.  bad  received  copies  of  this  bill  ?  They  were  most  deeply  interested  in  it,  and  it  would  be  better  to  obviate  any  objection  at  the  outset,  than  to  en encounter  counter encounter  a  parliamentary  opposition.  Mr.  STEWART  said  he  felt  sure  that  those  parties,  if  not  already  aware,  of  the  principal  features  of  the  bill,  would  very  soon  be  in  possession  of  it;  and  he  also  felt  sure  that  instead  of  being  a  further  burthen  to  the  owners  of  cottage  property,  it  would  be  a  benefit  to  them.  Mr.  M‘Nzeou,  wished  to  know  how  it  would  be  with  a  party  building  a  house  some  400  or  600  ft.  from  the  main  sewer,—  w  dr  h  a  eth  ?  er  or  not  he  should  be  compelled  to  build  a  connecting  Mr.  STEWART  (as  we  understood  him)  replied  that  the  compulsion  would  only  be  in  the  case  of  a  house  30  feet  from  such  main  sewer.  The  BOROUGH.  ENGINEER  observed  that  the  compulsory  powers  of  the  bill  would  not  apply  in  any  case  until  the  council  took  the  initiative.  Mr.  JonistsoN  moved  that  the  bill  be  accepted  and  approved  by  the  committee.  Mr.  HODSON  seconded  the  motion,  whichlvas  unanimously  adopted.  ,(It  seemed  to  be  the  wish  of  the  committee  that  the  bill  should  be  placed  as  soon  as  possible  in  the  hands  of  each  member  of  the  council,  in  order  that  they  might  have  time  to  consider  its  principles.)  Mr.  Moss  observed,  in  reference  to  the  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  extension  bill,  that  while  the  committee  were  pre prepared  pared prepared  to  oppose  in  order  to  have  a  proper  locus  standi  before  the  parliamentary  committee,  they  were  not,  at  the  same  time,  indisposed  to  grant  to  the  company  proper  facilities  under  wholesome  regulations—such  facilities  as  were  required  for  their  increasing  traffic,  and  the  convenience  of  the  town.  Mr.  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE  again  urged  upon  the  com committee  mittee committee  not  to  lose  sight  of  the  opportunity  they  now  bad  for  compelling  the  railways  to  carry  away  the  sweepings  of  the  town  at  a  moderate  rate.  A  memorial  was  read  from  Mr.  Balls  and  Mr.  Sainsbury,  inspectors  of  the  north  and  south  districts,  praying  for  an  increase  of.  salary.  They  stated  that  their  predecessors  had  larger  salaries,  with  less  duty  than  they  have.  The  CRAIRMAN  observed  that  the  predecessors  of  the  inemorialists  had  the  one  £164  10s.  and  the  other  £l6O  a  year,  while  the  present  officers  had  but  £l3O  a  year  each.  Mr.  GODFREY  observed  that  they  had  increased  the  salaries'  of  those  men  within  the  last  year,  and  that  it  was  too  soon  to  make  any  further  addition.  Arr.  BEmcwrrn  said  that  ability  should  be  no  question  of  time:  He  'should,  however,  have  opposed  the  'application  on  principal  if  there  had  not  been  an  understanding  when  the  memorialists  wore  appointed  that  twelve  months  should  not  go  over  their  heads  until  their  salaries  were  increased  to  something  like  those  of  their  predecessors.  Mr.  GODFREY  denied  that  there  was  any  such  under understanding.  standing. understanding.  The  &amp;AIRMAN  replied  that  there  was.  Mr.  Moss  moved,  and  Mr.  HALITEAD  seconded,  that  the  salaries  be  raised  from  £l3O  to  450.  The  motion  was  adopted  mem  con,  The  CHAIRMAN  said  that  a  memorial  from  the  inhabitants  of  the  neighbourhood  had  been  forwarded  to  the  mayor  in  reference  to  the  vacant  land  near  the  Islington  market.  They  complained  of  the  annoyance  they  experienced  from  itinerant  preachers  holding  forth  there,  and  also  from  exhibitions  of  and  Mr.  Moss  declared  himself  the  advocate  of  and-  (laughter)  and  contended  that  the  exhibitors  of  that  immortal  couple  should  not  be  prevented  from  following  a  proper  calling.  - STYLE=superscript  Ifr.  HonsoN  thought  that  the  greatest  - STYLE=superscript  nuisance  was  the  preaching  vagabonds  (laughter)  and  the  nut  shooters.  No  resolution  was  come  to  on  the  matter.  On  the  application  of  Mr.  Beckwith,  made  at  the  last  meeting,  it  was  ordered  that  Fairelough-lane  should  bo  flagged.  A  memorial  was  again  presented  by  the  inhabitants  of  Tithebarn-street,  complaining  of  the  nuisance  arising  from  Messrs.  MiPie  and  Son's  sugar  refinery.  A  memorial  was  presented  by  Mr.  Beckwith,  on  behalf  of  James  Thompson,  praying  that  a  certain  portion  of  Port Portland-street,  land-street, Portland-street,  Scotland-road,  might  be  flagged.  _The  memorials  were  referred  to  the  sub-committee.  The  13oitouon  ENGINEER  exhibited  a  model,  showingthe  improvement  which  was  sought  to  be  made,  in  Back  Great  Mersey-street.  The  CHAIRMAN  observed  it  world  be  in  the  recollection  of  the  committee,  that  some  alterations  took  place  in:1848  in  the  levels  of  this  street,  having  reference  to  some  buildings  erected  by  Mr.  john  Orrell  ;  but  that  gentleman  now  com complained,  plained, complained,  as  did  also  the  inhabitants,  that  the  plans  had  not  been  adhered  to.  The  cost  of  the  improvement,  we  believe,  would  be  about  £9OO,  £278  of  which  would  fall  upon  the  owners.  The  matter  is  to  be  referred  to  the  finance  com committee.  mittee. committee.  Attended  at  the  committee  on  Tuesday—Messrs.  Langs Langsdale,  dale, Langsdale,  Robertson  Gladstone,  Nicholson,  Fleming,  Beckwith,  Moss,  and  Johnson.  •  •  The  committee  then  adjourned."
