text
"SENTENCES.  Thomas  Burns,  convicting  of  assaultinz  Dal;  0._,-.cao.„,  ;Ali  Intent  to  rescue  nimseit  n•om  his  custody,  was  sentenced  to  18  months.  David  Morris,  for  attempting  a  burglary  on  the  29th  of  September,  at  Wavertree,  and  convicted  by  the  jury,  was  sentenced  to  four  years'  penal  servitude.  MURDER  AT  STOCKPORT.  Thomas  Moore,  27,  a  factory-worker,  was  charged  with  the  wilful  murder  of  his  two  step-sons,  James  Higham  and  John  Higham,  on  Friday  the  2nd  of  September  last.  Mr.  Mom(  and  Mr.  OVENS  conducted  the  prosecution,  and  Mr.  WHEELER  was  called  upon  by,  the  court  to  defend.  It  appeared  from  the  evidence  that  the  prisoner  and  his  wife  were  both  factory  workers  ;  but  the  prisoner  had  been  out  of  employment  for  several  weoks,  and  lived  with  the  wife's  father,  in  Marsland-street,  Stockport,  but  owing  to  differences,  generally  lived  separately.  Upon  the  morning  in  question,  the  wife  went  to  work  as  usual.  The  two  boys  went  out  to  play  at  nine  o'clock  in  the  morning,  and  were  never  seen  alive  after.  The  prisoner  went  to  the  market  to  purchase  something  for  dinner,  and  returned  about  ten  o'clock.  Shortly  after,  the  prisoner  got  an  umbrella,  it  was  raining  at  the  time,  and  said  to  his  father-in-law  that  he  was  going  to  Hempshaw-lane.  He  was  seen  afterwards,  accom accompanied  panied accompanied  by  the  two  children,  the  youngest  of  whom  had  a  club  font,  going  quite  in  a  different  direction,  towards  Great  Portwood,  Chimneyhall-street,  and  Manchester-road,  all  of  which  lead  to  the  Ashton  and  Stockport  canal.  The  prisoner  was  not  home  to  his  dinner  that  day  but  returned  about  six  o'clock  in  the  even evening,  ing, evening,  and  asked  his  wife  why  she  had  not  sent  his  dinner  ?  she  said  said  she  didn't  know  where  to  send  it  to  ;  art  thou  he  said  she  said  ?  he  said  my  old  The  prisoner  next  asked  if  the  children  had  come  home,  his,wife  said  not,  and  he  exclaimed  !•my  children  are  l  os  H  e  th  en  wen  t  in  search  of  the  children  with  his  wife,  and  returned  about  8  o'clock.  Prisoner  shortly  after  gave  information  at  the  police-office.  During  the  day  he  went  to  the  house  of  an  acquaintance,  a  woman  named  Barton,  whom  he'  lived  with  before  he  was  married,  and  dried  his  clothes  ;  when  'she  asked  him  what  was  the  cause  of  his  being  so  wet,  he  said,  assisting  to  put  a  can  of,  water  upon  a  person's  head  he  fell  into  the  It  was  stated  that  the  prisoner  was  very  fond  of  his  children,  and  played  with  them  and  fre frequently  quently frequently  took  them  out  before  the  day  in  question.  The  prisoner  also  made  a  statement  at  home  that  he  had  sent  the  two  boys  home,  and  gave  them  the  umbrella.  On  Mon Monday  day Monday  following  the  6th  of  September,  John  Watson  a  boat boatman,  man, boatman,  was  proceeding  up  the  canal  to  Stockport  with  a  load  of  coals,  when  he  observed  something.  - STYLE=superscript  tumbling  over  in  the  water,  which  attracted  his  attention,  iut  went  on  to  Stock Stockport,  port, Stockport,  and  returned;,  accompanied  by  ,  a  man  ~named.  Creig,•  procured  a  boat,  and  succeeded  in  finding  the  body  of  a  boy  aged  eight  years,  which  was  that  of  John  Higham,  further  search  was  made,  and  the  body  of  John  Higham,  aged  four-and-a-half  years  was  recovered.  The  canal  was  drained  out  for'  the  purpose  of  making  further  search,  and  the  umbrella  and  one  of  the  'capes  that  one  of  the  little  boys  had  on  that  day  was  found.  The  bodies  were  conveyed  to  a  house  called  the  Navigation  and  were  examined  by  a  surgeon,  who  could  perceive  no  marks  of  violence,  and  was  of  opinion  death  was  caused  by  drowning.  The  two  boys  were  members  of  the  Middle  Hill-gate  burial  society,  and  of  the  Primitive  Temperance  burial  society,  and  from  £l9  to  £2O  was  payable  an  the  event  of  the  children's  death.  .  -  •  Mr.  WHEELER  for  the  defence,  made  a  long  speech,  and  urged  that  the  pris  , STYLE=superscript  mer  was  never  known  to  it  1-treat  the  children,  and  he  frequently  took  them  out,  and  because  he  was  on  the  day  in  question  seen  with  the  children,  that  he  should  be  charged  with  murder;  and  further  urged  that  there  was  not  the  least  marks  of  violence  whatever,  that  the  children  who  were  fond  vf  water,  might  have  gone  to  the  canal  in  question,  and  fallen  in,  that  the  other  might  have  attempted  to  save  him,  and  both  perished.  His  LORDSHIP  in  summing  up  the  evidence  remarked  that  a  prejudicial  feeling  prevailed  in  theyeighbourhoodof  Stock Stockport  port Stockport  against  the  prisoner.  The  jury  retired  to  a  private  room,  and  after  a  pretty  long  consultation  returned  a  verdict  of  not  guilty.  The  court  rose  about  nine  o'clock."
