text
"MADAME  CONSTANTINI'S  CONCERT  Under  the  patronage  of  the  members  of  the  Borough,  St.  George's  Hall  was  opened  last  night,  for  the  first  Grand  Concert,  given  by  Madame  Constantini,  whose  pre preceding  ceding preceding  fame  was  established  locally  by  the  enthusiastic  plaudits  of  a  densely  crowded,  but  not  less  discriminating,  audience.  The  prestige  of  the  fair  vocalist  ensured  that  which  was  to  the  letter  fulfilled,  a  fell  attendance  of  her  fellow  townsmen,  and  still  more  of  her  townswomen,  and  hence  the  adventitious  aid  of  the  public  announcement  of  the  patronage  of  members  of  parliament,  an  arena  seldom  accustomed  to  harmonious  sounds,  was  superfluous.  We  know  not  whether  either  of  our  senatorial  representatives  were  present,  but  we  can  assure  them  had  they  been  so,  they  would  have  found  in  St.  George's.  Hall,  last  night  a  most  pleasing  symphony  to  the  labours  which  to-morrow  will  be  opened  to  them  by  another,  but  still  regal,  programme.  Of  the  audience  assembled  last  night,  it  is  gratifying  to  repeat  that  the  numbers  were  multitudinous,  and  not  less  discriminating  their  taste  and  judgment,  It  now  behoves  us  to  allude  to  the  performances  which  elicited  the  manifestations  of  both  those  desiderata.  It  would  be  an  idle  task  to  run  through  the  programme  in  the  order  in  which  it  was  set  out,  and,  indeed,  were  we  so  disposed,  our  space  prohibits  the  prolix  task.  We  may  dismiss  it  with  a  passing  encomium  upon  the  judgmete:  which  dictated  the  selection  of  which  it  was  composed.  Divested  of  orchestral  accompaniments,  the  vocalists  who  appeared  were  the  prima  donna,  Madame  Constantini,  Mr.  H.  Braham,  Signor  Veroni,  and,  though  last  not  least  in  our  that  gem  of  ballad  minstrels,  Mr.  George  Perren.  Madame  Constantini  made  her  debut  (for  the  es  ening)  in  the  Scene  and  Cavatina,  from  Bellini's  opera  of  already  well  known,  and  popularly  appreciated  under  the  lineal  annonce  Casta  If  the  fair  songstress  failed  at  ull,  it  was  in  the  absence  of  the  orchestral  accompaniments,  to  which  we  have  already  adverted,  and  which  are  so  essential  to  the  effect  necessary  even  to  a  Concert-room  outline  of  the  lyric  drama.  A  piano-forte  accompaniment,  however  efficient,  is  incomplete  to  assist  in  the  effects  necessary  to  accomplish  the  designs  of  the  great  composer,  Bellini.  Hence,  the  greater  the  triumph  achieved  last  night  by  Madame  Constantini,  who  rendered  the  recitative  with  immense  effect,  and  concluded  the  cave cavetine,  tine, cavetine,  in  which  a  descending  chromatic  scale  was  strikingly  introduced,  and  executed  in  a  manner  which  drew  down  long  and  well  deserved  plaudits.  As  a  whole,  we  never  heard  the  music  better  sung  even  by  Miss  Adelaide  Kemble,  who  established  a  claim  to  lyric  renown  in  that  character,  the  same  extent  as  those  whose  patronymic  she  bore,  and  from  whom  she  had  descended,  had  woa  histronic  laurels.  Madame  Constantini  again  appeared  in  the  first  part,  and  with  Mr.  George  Perren,  gave  a  well  kna  ein  duet  from  Sonnam 'Sonnambula,'  with  the  most  exciting  effect.  Again  she  took  part  and  led  in  the  quartetto  from  Lucia  di  In  a  manner  which  fully  established  her  fame  in  the  difficelt  art  of  which  she  must  be  pronounced,  as  undoubtedly  she  h,  a  brilliant  and  distinguished  expositor  and  ornament.  But  her  triumph  of  the  evening  was  accom accomplished  plished accomplished  in  her  enurciation  of  the  recitative  and  scene  from  Tully's  new  cantata,  founded  on  the  taking  of  Seha  - STYLE=superscript  itopol.  The  sublime  effect  with  which  the  last  stanza,  concluding  with  the  words,  Sehastr.,aol  is  was  inueed  a  chef  d'oeuvre,  of  which  Liverpool  may  be  proud.  We  are  old  er  ough  to  rejoicein  the  development  of  these  specimens  of  our  old  masters,  which  some  may  think  out  of  f  ishion,  Of  this  class  we  may  mention  the  somewhat  antique  ballad  of  Shield's,  which  was  rendered  by  Mr.  Geo.  Perren  with  a  chasteness  and  accuracy  which  ought  to  revive  its  pristine  popularity.  An  encore  deservedly  rewarded  the  vocalist,  in  this  as  well  as  in  his  subsequeet  solo,  pretty  which  won  enthusiastic  plaudits.  The  name  of  Braham,  and  the  fame  - STYLE=superscript  which  historically  is  attached  to  it,  suffered  no  deterioration  by  the  vocalism  of  Mr.  Hamilton  Braham  last  night.  His  embodiment  of  Dulcamara's  buffo  song,  from  the  Elisir  d'Amore&#34;  was  most  artistically  given  in  the  Eng English  lish English  instead  of  the  German  version  of  the  author  of  the  original  libretto.  Mr.  Braham,  was  deservedly  applauded,  and  in  this  as  well  as  his  other  efforts  fully  established  his  claim  to  the  name  which  ever  must  hold  a  piece  in  the  annals  of  British  musical  renown.  It  would  be  invidious  did  we  omit  to  make  honourable  mention  of  the  exertions  of  Mrs.  Mathewsland  it  would  be  equally  unjust  to  exclude  from  our  hurried  category  those  of  Signor  Veroni.  To  both  lady  and  gentleman  we  would  pay  the  just  tribute  of  our  praise,  and  turn  to  offer  an  equal  tribute  to  the  instru instrumentalists  mentalists instrumentalists  who  eo  much  contributed  to  the  perfection  of  the  evening's  entertainments.  Master  Radcliffe,  in  his  flute  solos,  evinced  a  close  rivalry  with  tne  performers  on  the  same  difficult  instrument,  of  whose  concertos  he  last  night  was  the  exponent.  The  young  gent'eman  achieved  a  perfect  success,  and  retired  from  the  orchestra  in  which  he  had  distinguished  himself,  amidst  genuine  applause,  To  say  that  Mr.  W.  F.  Best  presided  at  the  organ  is  only  to  announce  that  Weber's  overture,  was  execu executed  ted executed  with  sublime  effect  by  him  upon  the  magnificent  instru instrument  ment instrument  of  which  he  is  so  perfectly  the  master.  An  with  variations,  his  own  composition,  with  extraordinary  pedal  effects,  which  opened  the  second  part  of  the  concert,  was  astounding.  We  have  hurried  a  few  lines  to  record  an  event  of  which  the  concert  of  last  night  is  but  the  exordium,  and  when  we  express  the  delight  we  experienced,  we  but  furnish  an  echo  to  the  whole  mass  of  the  auditory.  and  we  hope  that  the  repetition  of  the  pleasures  of  last  night,  under  the  same  auspices,  will  not  be  long  deferred.  ALARMING  ILLNESS  OF  THE  LORD  LIEUTENANT  OF  IRE IRELAND.—A.  LAND.—A. IRELAND.—A.  d  despatch  from  Dublin,  dated  yesterday,  announcing  that  the  Lord  Lieutenant,  the  Earl  of  Car Carlisle  lisle Carlisle  is  seriously  ill,  has  reached  us.  We  sincerely  trust  that  the  intelligence  we  are  constrained  to  publish,  may  prove  to  he  somewhat  exaggerated.  That  this  estimable  nobleman  has  for  some  time  suffered  from  indis indisposition,  position, indisposition,  the  public  is  already  aware,  but  we  entertain,  in  common  with  our  fellow-countrymen,  sincere  trust  that  his  life  is  not  in  danger.  LOSS  OF  £2OO  IN  A  LIVERPOOL  BANK.—SINGULAR  CIRCUMSTANCE.—A  gentleman,  whose  name  it  is  at  pre present  sent present  unnecessary  to  mention,  yesterday  lost  £2OO  in  the  following  singular  manner.  He  went  into  one  of  the  local  banks  to  deposit  about  £4OO,  of  which  £2OO  was  in  notes,  and  the  remainder  in  gold  and  silver.  While  engaged  in  counting  the  gold,  he  placed  the  notes  on  the  counter  beside  him,  a  person  standing  near—the  bank  being  crowded  at  the  time—touched  him  on  the  shoulder,  and  on  his  looking  round,  called  his  attention  to  the  beautiful  effect  of  the  decorations  of  the  ceiling.  The  gentleman  looked  up,  in  obedience  to  this  kindly  sug sugotfhey  otfhey sugotfhey  the  had  notespositively  orarchitecturew  the  person  who  is  presumed  to  have  taken  th  em  h  as  yet  beens  a  sug suggestion,  gestion, suggestion,  and  having  fully  admired  the  artistic  eff  ec  t,  looked  down  again.  His  feelings  underwent  a  very  dis disazrecable  azrecable disazrecable  change,  when  be  discovered  that  his  n  o  t  es  an  d  his  polite  acquaintance  had  both  disappeared.  E  very  de STYLE=superscript  t  trace  whatever  was  ofn  ornamentalva  i  vain—they  enquiry  likewiseg  disappeared,  aftero STYLE=superscript  and  ae.  t STYLE=superscript  h  en  thev.ooatm  discovered.  _  _  FUNERAL  or  DR.  Baowx.--The  remains  of  Dr.  Brown,  Roman  Catholic  Bishop  of  Liverpool,  were  yester.  day  interred  at  St.  Oswald's  Church,  Old  Swan.  The  body  had  lain  in  state  in  Capperas.hill  Chapel  for  the  last  two  days,  and  yesterday,  at  twelve  o'cicck,  a  large  number  of  the  Roman  Catholic  clergy,  including  four  bishops,  attended,  and  assisted  at  a  Requiem  Mass,  which  was  celebrated  by  tha  coadjutor  bishop,  Dr.  Goss.  When  the  ceremony  was  concluded,  tale  body  was  removed  in  a  hearse,  followed  by  twelve  mourning  coaches,  and  a  large  number  of  clergy,  who  attended  it  to  the  grave."
