text
"BISHOP  AGAINST  BISHOP.  The  Bishop  of  Exeter  does  not  recognise  the  Protestant  Bishop  of  Jerusalem,  who,  although  consecrated  by  the  Arch-  bishop  of  Canterbury,  has  not  the  express  permission  of  the  U.  e.  the  Greek  or  Roman  ,  ecclesiastic]  whose  diocese  Jerusalem  is  The  following  letter  states  the  case  :  .  .  Bishopstowe,  Oct.  24,  1853.  My  dear  Dr.  have  received  a  letter  from  a  friend  informing  me  that  the  absence  of  my  name  from  the  protest  now  in  circulation  against  certain  acts  of  the  Right  Rev.  Bishop  Gobat  (called  by  many  Bishop  of  Jerusalem)  has  been  considered  as  a  proof  of  my  disapproving  that  protest.  Permit  me  to  say,  that  such  a  conclusion  is  wholly  unfounded.  .  .  .  .  .  I  decline  to  sign  that  protest—and,  indeed,  to  inquire  into  the  statements  on  which  it  is  based—simply  because  I  had  previously  protested,  by  a  formal  instrument  addressed  to  the  late  Archbishop  of  Canterbury  (under  date  May  25,  1846),  against  the  consecration  of  any  successor  to  Bishop  Alexander  at  Jerusalem,  as  involving  very  grave  violations  of  the  laws  of  the  Catholic  Church,  and  of  our  own  branch  of  it  in  particular.  Having  made  that  protest,  I  cannot  enter  into  consideration  of  the  details  of  conduct  on  the  part  of  him  who  ought  not,  in  my  judgment,  to  have  been  sent  thither  by  any  authority  of  this  Church  or  country,  to  minister  as  a  bishop,  without  the  express  commission  of  the  bishop  within  whose  diocese  Jerusa Jerusalem  lem Jerusalem  is  situate.  In  truth,  I  know  not  how  to  distinguish  the  principle  of  that  act  from  the  mission  of  an  Archbishop  of  Westminster  by  the  Pope.  Believe  me,  my  dear  Sir,  very  faithfully  yours,  Rev.  Dr.  Mill.  (Signed)  H.  EXETER.  The  following  letter  appeared  yesterday  on  the  same  sub subject  ject subject  :  Whereas  certain  clergymen  have  addressed  a  memorial  to  the  Oriental  Patriarchs  and  Synods,  in  which  the  Anglican  Bishop  in  Jerusalem  is  accused  of  having  exceeded  the  proper  objects  of  his  mission,  and  of  introducing  schism  into  the  Eastern  Churches  :  And  whereas  some  of  the  names  affixed  to  the  said  docu document  ment document  are  the  names  of  persons  who  hold  official  stations  in  the  United  Church  of  England  and  Ireland;  and  it  might  be  sup supposed,  posed, supposed,  at  least  in  foreign  parts,  that  a  censure  of  the  Bishop,  as  having  acted  without  due  authority  from  his  Church,  would  not  be  made  by  persons  who  were  themselves  acting  without  such  authority.  Therefore  we,  the  Metropolitans  of  the  United  Church  o  England  and  Ireland,  deem  it  expedient  to  make  this  public  declaration,  that  the  said  memorial  does  not  in  any  manner  emanate  from  the  said  Church,  or  from  persons  authorised  by  that  Church  to  pronounce  decisions.  We  are  induced  to  take  this  step,  first  in  order  to  guard  against  the  danger  which  might  arise  to  our  own  Church  from  til&lt;  example  of  the  irregular  and  unauthorised  proceedings  of  the  memorialists  ;  and,  further,  because  we  sympathise  with  our  brother,  the  Anglican  Bishop  in  Jerusalem,  in  his  arduous  position,  and  feel  assured  that  his  conduct,  under  the  circum circumstances  stances circumstances  in  which  he  is  placed,  will  be  guided  by  sound  judgment  and  discretion.  _  _  _  B.  CANTUAR.  T.  EBOR.  JOHN  G.  ARMAGH,  RICHARD  Nov.  1,  1853.  COMMENCEMENT  OF  MICHAELMAS  TERM.—Yester TERM.—Yesterday  day TERM.—Yesterday  being  the  commencement  of  Michaelmas  Term,  the  Lord  Chancellor  entertained  the  judges  and  the  bar  at  his  man mansion  sion mansion  in  Upper  Brooke-street,  Grosvenor-square.  A  more  than  usual  number  of  the  members  of  the  bar  were  present.  Amongst  the  guests  were  :  The  Lords  Justices  Sir  J.  K.  Bruce  and  Sir  Geo.  Turner  ;  the  Vice  Chancellors  Sir  R.  W.  Kindersley,  Sir  James  Stuart,  and  Sir  Wm.  Page  Wood  ;  the  Master  of  the  Rolls,  Sir  John  Romilly  ;  the  Lord  Chief  Justice  of  England,  Lord  Campbell  ;  the  Chief  Justice  of  the  Court  of  Common  Pleas,  Sir  John  Jervis  ;  the  Lord  Chief  Baron  of  the  Exchequer,  Sir  Frederick  Pollock  Knt.  ;  the  Right  Honourable  Edward  Hall  Alderson,  one  of  the  Barons  of  the  Exchequer;  Mr.  Justice  Maule,  Mr.  Baron  Parke,  Mr.  Justice  Wrightman,  Mr.  Justice  Earle,  Mr.  Justice  Cress Cresswell,  well, Cresswell,  Mr.  Baron  Martin,  Mr.  Baron  Platt,  Mr.  Justice  Williams,  Mr.  Justice  Talfourd,  the  Attorney-General,  Sir  Alexander  Cockburn,  the  Solicitor  General,  Sir  R.  Bethell,  J.  Russell,  Esq.,  Q.C.,  Malins,  Esq,  Q.C.,  Edwin  James,  Esq.,  Q.C.,  P.  Crowder,  Bsq.,  Q.C.,  Mr.  Huggins,  Q.C.,  Mr.  Temple,  Q.C.,  Mr.  Knowles,  Q.C.,  Mr.  Watson,  Q.C.,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  At  the  conclusion  of  the  general  levee  and  break breakfast  fast breakfast  his  Lordship,  accompanied  by  the  Judges,  proceeded  in  state  to  Westminster  Hall  to  open  their  respective  Courts.  The  Lord  Chancellor,  the  Lords  Justices,  the  Master  of  the  Rolls,  and  the  Vice-Chancellors,  sat  at  Westminster  ;  to-daY  their  eittiuge  wW  C9III,WIGO  at  Lincebeo  mu,"
