text
"POLICE  COURTS.  -Y  ESTERDAY  --ESTERDAY  [ln  our  report  of  the  police  business  on  Monday,  we  men mentioned,  tioned, mentioned,  that  John  McConnell  was  one  of  the  parties  charged  with  stealing  two  empty  casks  from  the  warehouse  of  Mr.  Samuel  Hunt,  23,  Harrington-street.  This  was  an  error,  as  John  McConnell  was  really  the  person  who  was  the  means  of  detecting  the  robbers.]  A  PICKPOCKET.  —A  boy  named  Thomas  Jones  was  charged  by  Alice  Gibbs,  with  havmg  picked  her  pocket.  It  appeared,  that  between  five  and  six  o'clock  on  Monday  evening,  the  prosecutrix  was  going  through  Preston-street,  and  ap appeared  peared appeared  to  stop  for  the  purpose  of  looking  at  the  ruins  of  the  house  which  had  fallen  down.  The  prisoner  pushed  against  her  several  times,  and  at  last  she  found  his  hand  in  her  pocket.  She  instantly  caught  him  by  the  hand,  and  kept  him  until  Police  Constable,  No.  174,  came  up,  to  whom  she  gave  him  in  charge.  There  were  some  shillings  and  copper  in  her  pocket  at  the  time,  of  which  ten  pence  was  found  in  the  prisoner's  hand  when  arrested.  The  prisoner  was  sent  for  trial.  SMUGGLING.—Benneto  Safardo  and  Belthazar  Cabriga,  two  Spanish  seamen  belonging  to  the  from  Savannah,  who  were  charged  on  Saturday,  with  having  each  32  gallons  of  foreign  rum  concealed,  were  again  brought  up  yesterday.  Both  prisoners  pleaded  guilty,  and  the  penalty  of  £lOO  was  recorded  against  them,  the  magistrates  having  no  power  of  mitigation  vested  in  themselves.  CHARGE  OF  ASSAULT  AGAINST  A  CAPTAIN  AND  MATE.—  James  Middebrooke,  aged  19,  apprentice  on  board  the  vessel  Hero,  summoned  the  captain  and  mate  of  that  vessel  on  the  charge  of  having  committed  several  assaults  upon  him.  The  prosecutor  deposed  that  he  was  bound  apprentice  to  Mr.  Sinclair,  the  owner  of  the  Hero,  which  left  Liverpool  for  China,  last  year.  On  the  sth  of  February,  the  cook  appeared  to  be  ill,  and  the  captain,  whose  name  is  James  Finlay,  sent  him  to  the  galley  to  prepare  breakfast.  Witness  asked  the  mate  twice  to  give  him  water,  but  the  mate  told  him  to  go  to  h—l  and  not  bother  him,  in  consequence  of  which,  witness  could  not  have  the  breakfast  ready  when  the  bell  rang.  The  captain  came  out  and  told  the  mate  to  flog  him,  and  as  the  mate  did  not  do  so,  he  himself  took  witness  aft,  and  flogged  him  with  an  1f  inch  rope  until  he  was  all  over  black  and  blue.  James  Robinson,  the  cook,  confirmed  the  statement  of  the  complainant,  and  added,  that  it  was  not  the  only  instance  of  such  things  occurring  during  the  voyage.  Mr.  Mansfield:  What  was  the  boy's  general  behaviour  ?  Witness  :  Ile  ivas  a  very  well  behaved  boy.  Mr.  Mansfield  :  Did  you  over  hear.him  saucy  to  his  officers?  Witness  :  Never,  sir.  The  Captain  stated,  that  the  boy  had  always  been  very  insolent,  and  disobedient  to  the  ship's  officers,  and  .  to  himself.  He  was  put  in  the  cabin  to  assist  the  steward,  merely  because  it  was  light  work,  and  to  keep  him  from  annoying  the  crew,  and  while  there  he  would  not  do  what  he  was  told,  and  was  so  insolent  that  the  steward  at  last  turned  him  out  of  the  cabin,  saying  he  would  rather  do  all  the  work  himself  than  keep  the  boy  there.  On  one  occasion  he  said  before  all  the  passengers,  that  he  never  saw  a'greater  set  of  pigs  than  they  and  the  eaptain  were.  The  chief  mate`  was  examined,  and  stated  that  he  saw  the  captain  take  up  a  rope's  end  to  the  boy,  but  he  did  not  consider  that  he  hurt  him  in  the  least.  Never  saw  the  captain  strike  the  boy  upon  any  other  occa occasion.  sion. occasion.  Witness  stated  that  he  had  himself  sometimes  struck  the  boy,  and  given  him  a  push  with  his  foot,  but  never  actually  kicked  him.  The  conduct  of  the  boy  was  very  inso insolent,  lent, insolent,  and  when  the  captain  complained  that  the  breakfast  was  not  ready,  the  boy  gave  him  some  impudence.  Upon  the  part  of  the  complainant,  it  was  stated  that  on  one  occasion  he  was  ordered  to  wait  upon  the  passengers  when  all  wet  and  dirty,  and  he  said  he  was  not  fit  to  wait  upon  pigs,  but  he  denied  having  applied  any  such  expression  to  the  passengers  or  the  captain.  The  case  against  the  chief  mate  was  then  gone  into.  The  complainant  deposed  that  upon  the  31st  of  December  last,  the  mate  sent  him  forward  to  let  go  some  ropes,  which  he  did.  Immediately  the  mate  came  up,  called  him  a  brat,  and  asked  him  why  he  did  not  let  go  the  ropes  as  he  was  ordered.  Complainant  told  him  he  had  done  so,  when  the  mate  said  he  was  a  liar,  struck  him  upon  the  side  of  the  head,  flogged  him  with  several  pieces  of  rope,  and  kicked  him  about  the  deck.  The  cook  was  again  examined,  and  confirmed  the  evidence  which  was  altogether  denied  by  the  mate.  The  captain  stated  that  the  cook  had  himself  been  fined  20s.  for  contemp contemptuous  tuous contemptuous  language,  and  that  there  was  au  entry  in  the  log  that  he  had  also  been  fined  for  striking  the  boy  who  was  now  the  prosecutor,  with  an  iron  ladle  on  the  head.  Mr.  Mans Mansfield  field Mansfield  asked  if  there  was  any  entry  .  upon  the  log  regarding  the  boy.  The  Captain  replied  in  the  negative.  Mr  Mansfield  said  the  boy  appeared  to  have  T  , STYLE=superscript  —  .ducy,  as  boys  frequently  .werp.  -4  ate  same  time  the  Court  had  a  very  st,fung  feeling  that  the  flogging  should  not  have  been  done  upon  the  spur  of  the  moment,  and  that  if  given  by  anybody  it  ought  to  have  been  by  the  captain  himself.  The  offence  and  the  punishment  should  also  have  been  entered  upon  the  log,  and  read  over  to  the  boy.  There  appeared,  however,  to  have  been  some  difference  between  the  punishment  given  by  the  mate  and  the  captain—the  mate  appeared  to  have  kicked  the  boy,  of  which  the  Court  would  mark  its  disappro disapprobation,  bation, disapprobation,  by  fining  him  ss.  and  costs.  The  case  against  the  captain  was  dismissed.  STREET  ROBBERY  WITH  AGGRAVATED  VIOLENCE.—An  exceedingly  respectable  man  in  appearance,  who  gave  his  name  as  Sergeant,  and  who  stated  also  that  he  was  a  per performer  former performer  at  the  Amphitheatre,  came  forward  to  complain  of  dreadful  ill  usage  and  plunder  which  he  had  experienced  on  Monday  night,  about  half-past  nine,  at  the  hands  of  two  desperate  looking  ruffians.  The  prosecutor  said  that  he  considered  this  a  garotted  robbery,  and  for  these  very  cogent  reasons,  that  after  those  fellows  (whose  names  we  did  not  catch)  had  knocked  him  down.  they  at  once  attempted  to  strangle  him  with  a  'kerchief,  and  this  occurred  immediately  after  he  had  been  thrown  on  his  back,  and  his  pockets  rifled.  There  were  four  other  persons  engaged.  The  occurrence  took  place  near  the  locality  which  had  formerly  been  the  milk  market.  Various  evidences  as  to  this  very  remarkable  garotted  robberyhaving  been  given,  which  left  no  doubt  what whatever  ever whatever  on  the  mind  of  his  worship,  the  Mayor,  that  those  ruffians  were  guilty,  although  they  were  defended  in  a  very  ingenous  manner  by  Mr.  Bluck,  Solicitor  ;  and,  notwith notwithstanding  standing notwithstanding  a  statement  showing  much  talent,  they  were  com committed  mitted committed  for  trial  at  the  next  assizes.  BIRKENHEAD.  (Before  J.  S.  JACKSON,  Esq.)  -Two-  SAVAGES--BRUTAL  ASSAULT-ON  'A  - STYLE=superscript  FEMALE  AND  A.  POLICEMAN,—James  Boyd,  and  Anne  Boyd,  his  wife,  were  charged  with  &amp;uniting  Mr,  and  Airs,"
