text
"CORN-PORTERS'  ASSOCIATION.  ON  Wednesday  evening,  the  general  quarterly  meeting  of  this  body  was  held  at  Bispham-si;reet.  The  chair  was  taken  by  Mr.  NICHOLAS  KELLY.  The  Secretary  read  the  financial  statement  of  the  body,  from  which  it  appeared  that  the  funds  on  hand,  after  paying  every  claim  made  on  the  Society,  amounted  to  £l4  12s.  Bd.  Mr.  CULLEN  moved,  and  Mr.  BETtNEY  seconded  a  motion,  that  the  statement  of  the  accounts,  &amp;c.,  be  adopted  by  the  meeting,  which  was  carried  unanimously.  Mr.  'Moses  CULLEN  said,  before  the  meeting  proceeded  to  the  election  of  officers,  he  would  make  a  few  remarks,  and  he  felt  it  his  duty  to  do  so,  in  consequence  of  the  present  prosperous  state  of  the  association,  when  compared  with  the  time  they  had  commenced  ;  and  also,  the  happy  prospect  which  he  saw  before  the  body.  (Hear,  'hear).  When  the  association  was  first  started  they  had  not  much  to  encourage  them,  unless  that  they  had  truth  and  justice  on  their  side,  and  with  such  claims  they  came  before  the  public  for  sup support.  port. support.  (Hear,  hear).  They  (the  Corn-porters)  laid  their  cause  before  the  public,  and  the  result  was  that  their  fair  and  just  claims  were  considered  by  the  merchants—the  men  stood  up  as  honest  men  before  the  public—they  were  recog recognised  nised recognised  by  the  merchants,  they  had  public  sympathy,  and  above  all,  they  had  the  powerful  aid  of  the  press  with  them.  (Cheers).  If  theileause  was  not  a  good  cause,  they  would  not  have  such  assistance  with  them,  and  that  showed  they  were  right.  (Hear,  hear).  The  prospects  before  them  were  even  better,  for  if  they  had  been  so  prosperous  during  the  last  three  months,  why,  they  might  with  confidence  look  for  brighter  prospects  for  the  three  months  to  come.  (Hear,  hear).  They  would  work  gond  men  for  a  good  cause  and  whilst  they  had  the  aid  and  the  assistance  alluded  to,  they  need  not  fear  of  being  successful.  It  was  not  an  ille illegal  gal illegal  combination,  for  if  it  had  been,  they  would  not  have  had  any  support.  They  did  not  proceed  in  the  dark—they  did  their  work  in  the  open  fair  of  day,  and  before  the  public  ;  they  did  not  offer  insult  to  any  one.  They  (the  porters)  did  not  rush  headlong  against  the  inte interests  rests interests  of  the  merchants,  and  their  own,  but  they  told  their  wrongs,  which  were  redressed,  and  then  they  bowed  're 'respectfully  spectfully 'respectfully  to  the  decision  of  the  merchants.  (Cheers.)  There  was  no  man  connected  with  any  corn  warehouse  in  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  who  need  be  ashamed  of  belonging  .  to  the  association— associationit  it associationit  was  based  on  true  and]  legal  principles,  and  under  the  sanction  and  superintendence  of  one  of  her  Majesty's  —(hear,officers  hear)—and  he  was  happy  to  say,  that  in  the  re records  cords records  erime  in  Liverpool,  there  was  not,  he  believed,  a  single  instance  of  any  ono  belonging  to  the  Society  charged  with  crime  of  any  description.  (Cheers.)  He  hoped  this  state  of  things  would  continue,  and  that  as  heretofore  the  best  understanding  would  continue  between  the  merchants  and  the  men.  At  the  next  meeting,  he  said,  the  association  would  have  a  bank  book,  and  a  considerable  sum  of  money  to  their  credit.  (Cheers.)  Officers  were  then  elected  for  the  current  quarter,  and  Mr.  Nicholas  Kelly  was  unani unanimously  mously unanimously  chosen  as  president.  In  returning  thanks,  Mr.  Kelly  said  he  was  very  glad  to  see  such  an  amalgamation  of  the  men  for  the  general  good  of  the  whole  body.  'The  employers  now  knew  that  they  had  good  men  upon  whom  they  could  depend,  and  when  foreign  merchants  came  to  this  great  town,  the  Liverpool  merchants  could  with  pride,  point  to  the  sober,  industrious,  and  intelligent  class  of  men  whom  they  employed,  and  say  to  the  foreig,nmerchant—The:Fe  are  the  men  in  whom  we  confide—they  have  charge  of  our  pro property—we  perty—we property—we  place  unbounded  confidence  in  them,  and  they  have  never  deceived  (Cheers.)—Votes  of  thanks  were  then  passed  to  the  corn  merchants,  the  press,  &amp;c.  Mr.  Keating  was  chosen  as  treasurer  for  the  next  3  months  ;  and  the  usual  vote  having  been  given  to  the  Chairman,  the  meeting  separated."
