text
"The  chairman  said  the  damage  was  very  small—only  about  The  surveyor  said,  so  far  as  they  could  ascertain,  the  fire  red  to  have  arisen  in  a  chimney;which  had  been  choked  soot,  and  in  which  a  fire  had  been  lighted.  some  of  the  ignited  stuff  must  have  got  into  the  chimney  of  another  room,  where  there  was  a  quantity  of  oakum  and  such  matter.  To  prevent  future  accidents  of  the  same  kind,  no  fire  should  be  lighted  in  the  premises  at  all  for  the  future.  It  was  agreed  that  the  tender  of  Messrs.  Chapman  and  Callis  should  be  accepted  for  the  supply  of  twelve  swivels  for  buoys.  IL►  the  harbour  master's  department  it  was  recommended  that  an  assistant  should  be  appointed  for  the  timber  storing  ground  at  the  Huskisson  dock,  at  a  salary  not  to  exceed  30s.  per  week  with  clothing.  Authority  was  given  to  make  the  appointment.  A  letter  was  read  from  the  secretary  to  the  pilots'  com committee,  mittee, committee,  stating  that  by  a  regulation  of  the  pilots'  service  all  pilots  on  shore  were  required  to  assemble  about  the  dock  gates  ally  resorted  to  for  this  purpose  were  the  north  and  south  ends  of  the  Prince's  dock,  owing  to  tl  The  pilots  had  addressed  a.memorial  toith(  ,eir  central  in  which  they  represented  the  h  iship  of  being  c  remain  without  shelter  from  th  and  bad  weather  there  that  in  consequence  . STYLE=superscript  of  declining  health  he  felt  himself  compelled  to  relinquish  his  office,  which  he  had  held  for  ten  years.  He  expressed  a  hope  that  the  committee  would  award  him  such  retiring  allowance  as  they  might  deem  the  length  and  fidelity  of  his  services  had  deserved.  The  Chairman  said  Mr.  B(za  had  been  a  very  good  officer.  His  letter  had  been  brought  before  the  finance  committee  that  day,  who  now  brought  it  before  the  general  committee,  hut  con considering  sidering considering  that  Mr.,Beza  was  a  custom  house,  officer,  the  finance  committee  did  not  consider  that  it  was  a  case  in  which  they  could  recommend  any  retiring  pension  to  be  granted.  They  were  extremely  sorry  to  'lose  the  services  of  a  valuable  officer,  but  still  they  did  not  consider  they  could  comply  with  the  request  of  the  letter.  tee,  stat  Mr.  Evans  said,  he  supposed  Mr.  Beza's  ill  health  was  not  caused  by  his  performing  the  duties  of  that  office  The  Chairman  :  Oh,  certainly  not.  Mr.  Evans  did  not  see  then  what  claim  he  could  have  for  a  retiring  allowance.  Mr.  ✓ STYLE=superscript  ATundell  :  You  will  have  some  difficulty  in  getting  an  officer  so  good.  The  Chairman  :  Ho  has  been  a  very  good  and  useful  servant  indeed.  The  resignation  of  Mr.  Beza  was  accepted,  and  authority  given  to  the  sub-committee  to  recommend  a  successor.  This  was  the  whole  of  the  general  business."
