text
"nl.l  system  of  trainitr,  to  teach  them  the  great  ?s  of  morality  in  the  first  place,  and  in  the  next,  them  a  trade  by  which  they  could  get  a  living.  _  direct  return  was  out  of  the  question  in  the  pre preseat  seat preseat  instance.  At  the  same  time,  ho  felt  the  most  sanguine  ,t  great  p  )le  cargo,  wou1(  more  piofitable  venture,  that  that  ship  which  now  moored  in  the  river.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  ited  that  a  criminal  in  his  mate  deportation  or  death  from  boyhood  to  n  ere  now  mmencement  o  .  were  saved  from  that  felon's  life  and  from  the  infinite  mischief  and  expense  to  which  they  would  put  society,  then  there  would  be  saved  many  hundreds,  and  he  trusted  many  thousands  to  the  country.  (Hear,  hear.)  This  then  would  be  the  project  of  the  voyage  to  the  Akbar,  althou  zh  that  voynv  were  limited  to  swirmin2  in  the  Mersey.  (Cries  of  hear,  hear,  and  applause.)  It  was  not  absolutely  necessary,  althotuth  it  would  be  very,  -  -  rable  if  they  could  do  it,  to  have  a  land  reformatory  leir  own.  It  was  of  the  greatest  importance  that  the  her  of  boys  who  herded  tozether  for  the  purpose  of  other  to  crime,  should  be  broken  up,  b  dis  ,  persing  them  to  different  reformatories.  This  had  been  felt  very  much  at  Bristol  and  at  Birmingham,  as  well  as  at.  Liverpool.  It  would,  therefore,  be  a  very  desirable  thing•  that.  occasionally,  some  boys  should  be  sent  to  those  places  from  Liverpoil,  and  that  Liverpool  should  re receive  ceive receive  others  from  those  places  in  return—those  from  Liverpool  going  to  agricultural  establishments,  and  the  others  coming  to  the  marine  reformatory  thus  accomplishing  the  object  in  view.  He,  thought  that  unless  they  obtained  for  therefore  facilities  the  establishment  of  an  agricultural  reformatory  which  he,  nevertheless,  ad admitted  mitted admitted  would  he  in  itself  a  highly  desirable  thing—and  until  they  had  funds  to  do  it,  they  must  let  it  remain  in  abeyance  for  some  time.  (Hear,  hear.)  There  was  another  subject  which  he  thought  was  still  - STYLE=superscript  more  press pressing,  ing, pressing,  and  one  which  had  not:  been  as  vet  adverted  to,  that  was  a  reformatory  for  girls.  (Hear.  hear.)  Girls  were  just  as  much  neglected  by  their  parents  as  boys  —  they  were  just  as  much  incited  to'  theft  and  depredations  —and,  owing  to  their  sex,  they  were  peculiarfy  difficult  to  manage.  The  reformation  of  the  girls  was,  he  thought,  at  the  root  of  everything.  Everything  in  the  morality  of  a  family  depended  upon  the  mother.  It  was  one  of  the  most  painful  things  he  had  to  experience  or  to  witness,  when,  as  a  magistrate,  he  observed,  day  after  day,  women  in  the  humbler  classes,  even  very  young  married  women,  brought  up  before  him  for  having  been  drunk  and  disor disorderly,  derly, disorderly,  committing  acts  ;of  outrage.  obviously  incapable  of  performing  properly  the  duties  of  a  mother.  He  was  afraid  that  that  class  of  persons  was  exceedingly  difficult  to  manage.  On  some  occasions  he  inquired  where  these  women  had  been  brought  up,  mnd  he  found  that  several,  too  many,  of  - STYLE=superscript  them  had  come  for forward  ward forward  from  the  industrial  schools.  so  that  where  every  attention  was  paid  still  the  difficulties  were  very  great.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  moment,  therefore,  they  had  sufficient  funds  to  accomplish  the  first  object  he  hoped  they  would  then  endeavour  to  instil  into  the  young  female  population  some  principles  of  morality  and  self selfrespect,  respect, selfrespect,  and  self-restraint,  and  to  teach  them  the  proper  functions  of  a  wife  and  mother.  (Hear.  hear.)  He  differed  very  much  from  those  persons  who  were  for  giving  what  be  might  call  too  high  an  education  to  young  girls.  To  be  taught  questions  of  chemistry,  asked  whether  the  rays  of  the  sun  are  opaque  or  not—these  things  he  thought  were  such  as  could  be  of  no  sort  of  service  to  the  wife  of  a  ibouring  man.  The  real  lessons  which  women  of  that  ass  should  be  taught  were  that  the  modesty  of  their  sex  be  over-stepped  in  word  or  action,  that  therp  -*Taint  from  drinkint;  ardent  spirits—for  he  married  women,  _...eteen  years  of  age,  had  been  brought  up  fore  him  for  disgraceful  drunkenness—and,  further,  lot  seemed  to  bo  unfortunately  neglected,  or  at  all  rather  difficult  to  teach  at  schools,  the  .  - STYLE=superscript  iary  work  and  duties  of  a  woman  in  her  home— homesr,  sr, homesr,  hear)—to  keep  their  houses  clean,  to  beep  it  own,  and  their  husband's  clothes  clean,  to  wash,  to  to  nurse  their  children,  and  all  which  a  young  man  ought  to  be  taught  to  know.  Without  this  know know:4  :4- know:4  was  a  mere  falsification  of  temis,  to  call  a  woman  (Hear,  hear.)  The  husband  came  nne  as  the  type  of  all—  y  to  say  that  many  !nts  was  n  he"
