text
"-.-......0,__-.  MOVE3IENTS.—His  Royal  Highness,  the  Duke  of  Cambridge  was  present  on  Saturday  at  the  meet-  Par  Department,  and  at  which  Lord  Panmure,  Lord  Palmerston,  Lord  Clarendon,  Lord  Hardinge,  Sir  Edmund  Lyons,  and  Sir  Charles  Wood  His  Excellency  the  Ambassador  of  France  paid  a  visit  on  Saturday  afternoon  to  Lord  Clarendon,  at  the  Foreign-office  Downing-street.  POLITICAL  attended  ATT  RAC  ;TIONS  FOR  T3E  PUBLIC  IN  THE  EXECUTION  OF  A  ATURE  !-At  the  police-offices,on  Saturday,  t  was  remarked  that  there  were  scarcely  any  spectators  in  the  courts  during  the  morning,  though  on  Saturdays  they  generally  muster  in  large  numbers,  and  their  absence  was  attributed,  justly  we  have  no  doubl  . STYLE=superscript  ,  to  the  FELLOW-  C  superior  attraction  held  out  to  them  in  the  execution  of  the  miserable  culprit  Heywood,  at  Kirkdale.  Even  for  pickpockets,  and  the  other  classes  of  offenders,  who  make  their  appearance  before  the  magistrates,  the  spectacle  of  the  hanging  of  a  fellow-being  was  equally  irresistible,  and  in  their  numbers  too  an  equal  diminu diminution  tion diminution  was  observed.  In  the  case  of  pickpockets,  the  remark  may  perhaps  be  modified,  for  on  being  attracted  to  the  execution  they  were  also,  no  doubt,  influenced  by  the  consideration  that  there  a  wider  field  than  could  be  presented  in  the  markets,  for  their  skill  and  industry,  would  be  found.  THE  COUNCIL  or  WAR  IN  PARIS.—In  the  course  of  a  few  days  a  general  Council  of  War  is  to  be  held  at  Paris,  at  which,  England  will  be  represented  by  His  Royal  Highness  ;the  Duke  of  Cambridge,  Sir  Richard  Airey,  and  Sir  Harry  Jones,  together  with  Admirals  Sir  Edmund  Lyons  and  Dundas.  The  object  of  this  council  is  to  collect,  to  interchange,  and  consider,  all  possible  information  with  respect  to  the  war  in  every  quarter,  but  it  will  not  be  in  the  province  of  the  council  to  plan  campaigns,  or  to  decide,  in  the  beginning  of  January  what  is  to  be  done  in  April.  The  council  having  deliberated  fully  on  the  important  subjects  which  will  suggest  themselves  to  them  will  communicate  the  results  of  their  labiurs  to  their  respective  governments,  who  will  discuss  the  questions  which  may  be  raised,  and  having  decided  them  will  give  the  orders  necessary  to  secura  the  objects  they  may  have  in  contemplation.  The  Constantinople  correspondent  of  La  Presss  says  that  Marshal  PeLssier  will  be  represented  in  the  approaching  Council  of  War  by  General  Martimprey,  the  chief  of  his  staff,  who  is  in  Paris  at  the  present  moment,  and  in  whose  judgment  and  knowledge  the  Marshallplaces  the  utmost  confidence.  -_-..,...______  MIT  Ina.  APPOINTMENTS.—The  Gazette  of  Friday  makes  the  following  announcements  :-Ist  Regiment  of  the  Duke  of  Lancaster's  Own  Militia:  T.  Mona,  Gent.,  to  he  Quartermaster.—Royal  Lancashire  Militia  Artillery  W.  H.  Weldon,  Gent.,  to  be  Second  Lieutenant.  PROMOTIONS  IN  THE  CUSTOMS,—Mr.  J.  Trevan,  principal  coast  officer  at  Runcorn,  has  been  promoted  to  be  controller  at  Deal.  Mr.  Baldwin,  controller  at  Liverpool,  has  been  promoted  to  be  collector  at  Newcastle.  Mr.  Daw,fcon Daw,fcontroller  troller Daw,fcontroller  at  Leith,  has  been  promoted  to  be  controller  at  Liverpool."
