text
"POLICE  COURTS.-V-  F,STERDAY.  ROBBERIES  FROM  THE  PF.RamsT:=-11.1.ry  Ann  Wise  was  charged  with  stealing  an  entire  suit  of  clothes,  the  property  of  a  sailor.  The  evidence  not  being  sufficiently  conclusive,  the  complainant  being  very  much  intoxicated  at  the  time  of  the  occurrence,  and  the  ship  to  which  he  belonged  being  about  to  go  to  sea,  the  prisoner  was  discharged.  Sarah  McDonald,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  purse  and  a  sovereign  from  John  Johnson,  51,  Norfolk  Street,  at  a  public  house  kept  by  Mrs.  Wainwright,  St.  James'-street.  It  appeared;  that  the  complainant  was  drinking  in  that  house,  when  the  prisoner  went  and  sat  by  his  side,  and  asked  him  for  a  penny,  at  the  same  time  putting  her  hand  into  his  pocket  and  taking  therefrom  his  purse.  She  replaced  it,  but  subsequently  took  it  in  a  similar  manner,  and  the  complain complainant  ant complainant  had  not  seen  it  since.  The  Magistrates  convicted  the  prisoner  for  21  days,  she  having  been  before  in  custody.  platy  Ann  Driscol,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  watch  from  the  person  of  a  labouring  man,  the  previous  night,  in  a  yard  near  the  church  in  Sackville-street,  Great  Homer Homerstreet.  street. Homerstreet.  The  case  having  been  clearly  proven,  but  as  the  watch  had  not  been  found,  the  prisoner,  was  remanded  for  seven  days.  Ellen  Steward,  was  charged  with  robbing  a  butcher  of  30s.  in  a  court  in  Fraser-street.  The  prosecutor  was  in  company  with  the  woman  about  one  o'clock  that  morning,  when  the  woman  stole  his  purse.  He  caught  her  hand  and  took  a  sovereign  from  it.  The  facts  of  the  robbery  having  been  clearly  proven,  the  magistrate  committed  the  prisoner  for  one  month.  Ellen  lll‘Carthy,was  charged  with  stealing  a  pair  of  trousers  and  £5  18s.,  the  property  of  a  person  lodging  in  the  same  house  as  herself.  She  was  seen  in  the  bed-room  wborc  the  lodger  was  asleep;  and  was  apprehendeaby  police  officer  86,  as  she  was  about  to  leave  Li.vrpool,  with  upwards  of  £3  in  her  possession.  Remanded  for  seven  days.  Rom—John  E'annagan  was  committed  to  prison  for  21  days  on  a  charge  of  stealing  a  piece  of  rope  from  a  ship  lying  in  the  Clarence  dock.  The  rope  was  found  in  the  possession  of  the  prisoner  at  the  dock  gate.  Laurence  Seallon  was  committed  for  one  month,  on  a  charge_of_stealing  a  rope  from  the  fore-castle  of  the  ship  Phcenix.•  The  rope  was  identified  by  the  second  mate,  and  was  found  coiled  around  the  prisoner's  person,  when  he  was  leaving  the  dock.  ROBBERY  BY  A  SERVANT.—Thomas  Lacy,  a  lad  formerly  in  the  employ  of  Messrs.  Smith,  Hanover-street,  and  John  Hagerty,  a  marine  store  dealer,  were  again  placed  before  the  bench.  The  details  of  this  case  appeared  in  the  columns  of  this  journal  when  the  prisoners  were  first  apprehended.  As  there  was  no  evidence  beyond  the  statement  made  by  Lacey,  that  Hagerty  had  induced  the  boy  to  steal  the  block  of  tin,  he  was  discharged,  and  Lacey  was  committed  to  take  his  trial  for  stealing  the  tin,  and  also  a  hand-cart,  which  was  found  near  Hagerty's:house.  The  prosecutor  informed  the  court  that  he  had  lost  upwards  of  £6O  worth  of  tin,  but  had  had  no  suspicion  of  Lacey,  although  he  had  dis discharged  charged discharged  him  for  irregular  conduct.  Hannah  Taylor,  a  workwoman,  was  committed  for  one  month,  'having  been  the  previous  evening  detected  in  stealing  some  small  pieces  of  soap,  and  other  articles,  from  the  person  who  had  employed  her  for  that  day."
