text
"SHIPPING  LIST.  MONDAY,  DECEMBER  12,  1853.  Cherokee,  Oct  22  ;  Sultan,  Oct  24;  and  Cash Cashmere,  mere, Cashmere,  Oct  28,  tor  Callao.  The  Steamer  Victoria,  from  Adelaide  at  Fal.  mouth,  sailed  Sept  21  ;  and  the  Cape.  Nov  7,  she  brings  400  passengers,  and  10,000  ounces  of  ro'  d.  Euphrosine,  Diguet,  sailed  from  St.  Domin Domingo  go Domingo  f  .r  Liverpool,  Nov  6.  Carl  Hennch,  Von  Burgen,  from  Liverpool  at  Cu  d  Bolivar.  Piet  Hein,  sailed  from  Smyrna,  Nov  16  ;  and  Hoop,  Nov  22,  both  for  Liverpool,  the  former  proceeding  first  to  Chesme.  Persian,  (s.s)  Milburn,  from  Liverpool  at  Constantinople,  and  cleared  on  her  return.  Balbee,  (s.s)  Simpson,  from  Liverpool  at  Constantinople.  Gierlia,  Dodero,  from  Liverpool  at  Constan Constantinople  tinople Constantinople  Armonia.  Banovich,  from  Liverpool  at  Trieste',  Florida,  Winald,  from  Liverpool  at  Trieste.  I  Woodbir  e,  P  oulton,  from  Liverpool  at  Malta,  land  sailed  for  Constantinople.  Vesta  Smith,  from  Livorpool  at  Malta.  Nico  itta,  Garofalo,  from  Liverpool  at  Malta.  Teneriffe,  (s,s)  Bell,  from  Liverpool  at  Malta.  Taurus,  (s.s)  from  Levant  at  Malta,  and  cleared  for  Liverpool  British  Queen.  (Q.  5)  from  Levant  at  Malta,  and  cleared  for  Liverpool.  /Ea,  Ja'vis.  from  Patras  at  Malta,  and  clear cleared  ed cleared  for  Liverpool.  ISLE  OF  SKYE.  Dec  4.—The  Theobold,  I  Mathew.  off  and  from  Galway  to  Liverpool,'  went  on  shore  on  the  Point  of  Strahad,  Nov  and  has  become  a  total  wreck.  STONO  WAY.  Dec  s.—The  Thomas  Kay,  from  Liverpool  to  Newcastle,  has  put  in  here,  leaky,  with  pumps  choked,  and  part  of  cargo  washed  out  ;  has  been  urveyed  and  must  discharge.  DUBLIN.  Dec  B.—Arrived—Prince  Albert.  Odessa  ;  A  strella,  Alicante.  QuE  EN  STOW  N,  Dec  g.—Arrived—  Gertrude,  Geeson.  Galatz.  sailed—M  B,  from  Odessa  for  London  ;  Doriro,  from  Constantinople  for  Limerick  ;  Demostino,  from  Ibrril  for  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  ;  Marietta.  from  Syria  for  Bridgewater."
