text
"structed  in  the  town,  and  constructed  in  a  manner  to  last  for  ages,  never  to  be  destroyed,  and  that  is  what  in  all  other  works  ought  to  be  done.  You  will  say  there  has  been  a  great  change,  and  so  there  has,  but  none  of  you  can  calcu calculate  late calculate  the  good  which  has  been  done.  You  do  not  know  the  diseases  which  have  been  prevented.  Many  a  poor  labourer  might  be  prostrated  upon  the  bed  of  sickness,  if  it  had  not  been  for  the  measures  which  were  taken,  and  we  all  know  that  health  to  these  people  who  live  by  the  sweat  of  their  brow  is  most  essential.  There  is  another  subject  upon  which  I  may  touch—the  subject  of  the  improvements  of  the  town.  (Hear,  hear.)  That  is  another  very  important  consideration,  upon  which  I  shall  have  to  give  a  vote,  which  I  hope  may  be  in  accordance  with  your  views.  The  parsimony  which  had  been  shown  by  the  old  corporation  has  in  some  degree  been  shown,  in  the  present,  and  very  golden  opportunities  have  been  lost  of  making  these  im improvements,  provements, improvements,  which  you  will  now  have  to  do  at  a  very  much  increased  cost,  —that  I  am  quite  certain  of.  I  have  been  engaged  in  investigating  the  matter,  and  the  result  will  be  shortly  laid  before  you.  Now,  gentlemen,  if  my  lifebe  spared  for  three  years,  and  my  conduct  be  not  approved  of  by  the  town  council,  I  beg  you  will  turn  me  out.  That  is  all  I  have  to  say.  I  really  do  feel  more  than  I  can  possibly  express  for  the  kindness  I  have  received  from  a  vast  number  of  individuals  whom  I  do  not  know,  even  by  sight.  It  really  is  most  gratifying  to  my  feelings,  and  I  beg  to  return  you  my  most  sincere  thanks,  and  to  wish  you  every  possible  happiness.  (Loud  and  prolonged  ap applause.)  plause.) applause.)  The  VICE-CHAIRMAN  said  he  had  been  entrusted  with  the  next  toast,  The  Liberal  Members  of  the  Town  (Cheers.)  With  that  toast  he  desired  to  couple  the  name  of  a  gentleman  now  present,  who  was  well  known  to  them  all  Mr.  Gladstone.  (Great  cheering.)  Mr.  Gladstone's  private  character  was  as  well  known  to  all  present,  as  his  attachment  to  his  public  ,  duties.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Earle  had  referred  very  properly  to  the  great  advantage  which  had  been  derived  from  the  assistance  of  Mr.  Gladstone  upon  one  of  the  committees.  Mr.  Gladstone  had  been  equally  useful  upon  the  dock  committee,  where  his  suggestions  had  Jnet  with  the  approval  of  some  of  those  whom  he  (the  Vice-Chair Vice-Chairman)  man) Vice-Chairman)  might  be  allowed  to  call  his  most  violent  opponents  in  political  matters.  (Hear,  hear.)  They  should  value  him  highly  as  a  representative,  and  they  might  feel  pride  in  the  fact  that  they  had  present  that  night  two  representatives  of  the  Abercromby  Ward,  each  of  whom  might  be  described  as  No.  1.  (Cheers.)  They  all  knew  how  easy  of  access  Mr.  Gladstone  was  to  any  one  of  them,  at  any  time,  awl  he  believed  the  same  remark  would  equally  apply  to  Mr.  Earle.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  knew  that.  he  was  hina3clf  quitc  incom incompetent  petent incompetent  to  do  justice  to  the  toast,  and  without  further  preface  would  give  them  The  Liberal  Members  of  the  Town  Council,  and  Mr.  Robertson  (Loud  and  en enthusiastic  thusiastic enthusiastic  cheering.)  Mr.  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE,  upon  rising  to  return  thanks,  was  received  with  renewed  bursts  of  acclamation.  When  silence  had  been  restored  he  said  :  Mr.  Chairman,  Mr.  Vice-Chairman,  and  gentlemen,  I  should  sincerely  wish  that  my  duty  upon  the  present  occasion,  in  as  far  as  it  res respects  pects respects  returning  thanks  to  you  for  the  toast  which  has  been  just  proposed  and  drunk,  were  a  more  onerous  one  than  it  is  ;  and  I  am  sorry  to  say  that,  even  straining  a  point,  it  would  be  scarcely  possible  to  satisfy  you  that  therejre  in  the  town  council  more  than  1.0  or  11  liberal  members.  (Hear,  hear.)  However,  that  perhaps  is  not  the  fault  of  the  individuals—it  rests  with  the  constituencies,  and  if  they  think  proper  to  elect  men  of  particular  views  it  is  not  for  me  to  complain.  However,  upon  behalf  of  the  liberal  mem members,  bers, members,  I  beg  leave  to  return  my  sincere  thanks  for  the  honour  which  has  been  done  them,  and,  if  I  may  be  permitted,  to  express  . STYLE=superscript  my  own  gratitude  for  the  high  compliment  which  has  been  paid  to  me,  and  which  I  feel  far  exceeds  my  merits.  (General  cries  of  I  feel  grateful  to  the  Vice-  Chairman,  and  likewise  to  my  friend  Mr.  Earle,  for  the  very  friendly  and  kind  manner  in  which  they  have  alluded  to  my  conduct.  I  can  only  say  that  I  have  endeavoured,  with  the  best  intentions,  and  as  far  as  I  have  ability,  which,  perhaps,  is  not  to  a  very  great  extent,  to  offex  such  suggestions  as  from  time  to  time  have  occurred  to  me,  and  which  I  con conceived  ceived conceived  were  at  all  calculated  to  bear  upon  the  general  good  of  the  community.  Gentlemen,  I  have  a  great  abhorrence  of  the  mind  which  can  suggest  nothing—which  can  only  tread  the  old  beaten  track—oppose  every  object  which  in  itself  is  calculated  for  the  good  of  mankind,  and  then  after afterwards,  wards, afterwards,  when  a  measure  is  carried,  shelters  itself  under  this,  as  become  law,  and  it  is  my  duty  to  bow  and  obey  I  say  you  had  better  have  representatives  who  are  in  advance  of  everything  that  has  ever  been,  than  to  have  such  men  as  these,  who  are  for  ever  trailing  in  the  mire.  (Cheers).  The  best  course  is  to  cut  all  connexion  with  such  men  as  these;  and  as  allusion  has  been  made  to  one  of  your  representatives,  of  whom  personally  I  desire  to  speak  with  every  possible  respect,  I  say  you  have  a  representative  in  the  council  who  professes  to  give  Sight  to  everybody  but  himself.  (Hear,  hear,  cheers  and  laughter).  Now,  gentlemen,  I  should  in indeed  deed indeed  be  colder  than  I  am  in  temperament,  if  I  did  not  say  how  warmly  I  join  in  the  feelings  which  have  been  expressed  this  evening  with  reference  to  the  return  of  Mr.  Earle  at  the  the  last  election.  (Hear,  hear).  He  is  before  you,  and  there therefore  fore therefore  no  man  can  compliment  him  before  his  face  ;  but  we  all  recollect  how  long  he  has  been  connected  with  Liverpool— Liverpoolhow  how Liverpoolhow  long  he  has  been  known—how  long  his  conduct  has  been  before  you,  and  that  it  has  been  ever  marked  by  straightforwardness,  by  great  ability,  by  the  most  pure  inde independence,  pendence, independence,  and  the  most  honest  determination  to  swerve  neither  to  the  right  hand  nor  to  the  left,  when  he  thought  that  he  was  acting  correctly.  (Cheers).  It  would  be  well  perhaps  for  myself  and  for  us  all  that  we  could  say  so  much  for  ourselves.  I  feel  that  I  cannot,  and  I  therefore  desire  to  praise  what  I  see  in  others,  however  faulty  I  may  feel  myself.  Now,  gentlemen,  having  offered  my  congratulations  upon  that  subject,  I  dare  say  you  will  excuse  my  alluding  to  one  or  two  others.  (Hear,  hear).  First  of  all  let  me  say  if  any  man  entertained  a  doubt  that  there  was  some something  thing something  wrong  in  the  Abercromby  ward,  I  would  refer  him  to  the  last  election.  I  tell  him  that  all  hasty  excitement  being  no  longer  in  existence,  all  undue  influence  set  aside,  reason  has  res  umed  her  seat,  common  sense  is  again  at  the  helm,  and  you  see  in  the  return  of  my  friend  who  sits  next  but  oneupon  my  right  the  exercise  of  that  sound  discretion,  which  I  believe  strictly  speaking,  is  the  inherent  characteristic  of  the  people  of  England.  (Hear,  hear,  and  loud  cheers.)  Gentlemen,  there  are  some  circumstances  connected  with  the  first  of  November  and  the  elections,  which  perhaps  it  may  be  as  well  not  to  advert  to  ;  but  you  should  be  all  aware  that  the  honest,  independent  voter  was  at  least  attempted  to  be  tam tampered  pered tampered  with  :  and  moreover,  that  there  was  induced  in  one  or  two  individuals,  what  I  would  call  a  very  spurious  kind  of  charity  coming  at  that  moment.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  There  were  proposals  to  supply  the  poor  -that  is,  the  poor  voter—with  coals.  I  would  rather  warm  their  hearts  or  their  toes  either,  at  any  .  other  season  of  the  year,  than  at  the  season  of  the  municipal  elections.  (Hear,  hear.)  Charity  like  everything  else  that  is  good,  should  not  be  roused  for  a  moment—it  should  be  awake  constantly  and  for  ever.  (Cheers.)  It  is  not  when  a  municipal  election  has  been  won  by  a  very  large  majority,  that  the  fitting  time  has  arrived  for  a  display  of  charity.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  Charity  has  no  connection  with  municipal  affairs.  (Laughter  and  cheers.)  Now,  sir,  let  me  call  your  attention  to  what  was  certainly  a  very  extraordinary  occurrence.  On  the  first  of  November,  the  opponent,  the  deadly  opponent  of  liberal  principles,  was  returned  by  a  majority  of  249.  On  the  12th  of  November,  the  true  consistent  friend  of  the  liberals  was  returned  by  a  majority  of  12.  Now,  will  any  man  give  me  a  satisfactory  reason  how  that  majority  of  249  was  brought  into  existence  ?  How  do  you  reconcile  the  .two  things  ?  Is  there  any  man  here  who  can  make  black  into  white  ?  It  is  the  fact,  and  I  have  the  best  authority  for  knowing  that  it  is  not  alone  in  the  case  of  representatives  connected  with  the  Abercromby  ward,  but  unfor unfortunately,  tunately, unfortunately,  it  is  the  case  in  other  wards  also,  that  the  appetite  and  the  stomach  are  made  the  highway  to  the  brains,  if  there  are  any,  and  in  this  way  the  seat  in  the  council  is  secured.  (Hear,  hear).  Now,  gentlemen,  is  not  this  disgraceful  ?  (Hear,  hear,  and  loud  cheers).  Is  it  not  highly  discreditable  to  us  all,  and  particulasir  —.tang,  as  it  does,  from  those  who  mei,°  eAtraordinary  professions  ?  I  am  satisfied  that  the  example  of  Abercromby  ward  will  stand  in  bold  relief  before  the  community,  and  we  can  only  hope  that  for  the  future  other  wards  will  do  as  you  have  done,  will  exhibit,  the  caws  liGternlinqfLlTl  Fos  every  one  must  have  witnessed  on  the  occasion  of  Mr.  Earle's  ,election,  to  exercise  those  feelings  boldly,  and  no  longer  to  'bear  the  trammels,  but  to  return  the  man  best  fitted  to  represent  their  interests  in  the  town  council.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers).  Now  gentlemen,  I  may  perhaps  not  weary  you  if  I  call  your  attention  to  one  or  two  matters  which  occurred  to  me  before  I  came  here,  and  possibly  there  may  be  some  difference  of  opinion  upon  them,  and  therefore,  to  tell  you  the  truth,  I  am  desi desirous  rous desirous  to  have  some  expression  of  opinion  upon  them  from  the  gentlemen  who  are  assembled  round  this  table.  I  put  in  my  pocket,  and  I  have  here  a  statement  of  the  purchases  made  by  the  corporation  within  the  last  few  years,  of  landed  estate,  houses,  and  buildings  of  which  the  purchase  has  been  paid  directly  out  of  the  till,  or  else  by  money  borrowed,  the  interest  of  which  is  charged  in  the  annual  accounts  and  current  expenditure.  Mr.  Gladstone  read  a  list  of  the  pur purchases  chases purchases  he  referred  to,  amounting  to  £154,763  15s.  3d.,  and  proceeded  :  —Now,  gentlemen,  that  is  money  of  which  the  interest  has  gone  out  of  your  pockets,  and  I  want  to  know  what  the  present  generation  are  to  get  for  it  ?  Recollect,  that  if  you  are  to  trust  to  the  mere  sale  of  the  property,  you  must  wait  until  the  next  generation  comes.  This  large  sum,  extracted  from  your  coffers,  ought  to  be  met  from  some  source  or  other.  I  will  take  the  liberty  of  telling  you  what  my  notion  is,  under  certain  restrictions.  There  should  be  power,  on  payment  of  a  fine,  to  convert  all  that  leasehold  property  into  freehold.  The  amount  produced  by  that  fine  I  would  propose  to  place  one-third  to  the  extinguishing  of  the  corporation  debt,  one-third  to  the  credit  of  current  expenditure,  and  one  third  for  the  purchase  of  land  in  the  environs  of  the  town,  where  the  corporation  might  make  their  own  streets,  according  to  their  own  plans  and  width,  without  having  to  meet  the  objections  of  owners  and  the  claims  for  compensation.  (Hear,  hear,  and  applause)  When  we  make  those  streets  it  would  be  a  useful  plan;  and  this  notion,  I  believe,  originated  with  the  borough  engi engineer,  neer, engineer,  Mr.  Newlands,  to  have  a  small  tunnel  in  the  streets,  in  which  the  gas  and  water  pipes  might  be  laid,  so  that  whenever  anything  went  wrong,  the  streets  would  never  have  to  be  taken  up.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  should  dispose  of  the  funds  arising  from  these  sources  in  this  manner.  There  is  £154,000  added  to  the  corporation  estate.  Well,  they  cannot  take  that  property  with  them  from  this  world  into  the  other,  We  hive  ovary  right  to  the  use  of  it,  What"
