text
"DR.  NE  WMAN'S  LECTURE.  The  fourth  lecture  of  the  series  was  delivered  last  night,  the  attendance  being  quite  as  numerous  as  on  any  of  the  previous  occasions.  The  rev.  gentleman  commenced  the  lecture  by  pointing  out  the  great  facilities  which  the  Turks  had  to  penetrate  into  India,  and  likened  their  attempt  to  do  so  to  our  not  far'  distant  incursion  into  Affghanistan.  He  observed  that  climate  and  country  did  not  always  civilise  a  people,  and  instanced  the  vast  difference  existing  between  the  Turks  and  Turkomans  in  illustration  and  evidence  of  this.  This,  however,  might  be  accounted  for  by  the  fact,  that  while  the  Turkomans  never  took  hold  of  the  country,  but  continued  to  wander  about,  the  Turks,  on  the  other  hand,  settled  down  in  the  lands  of  which  they  became  possessed,  and  remained  there  as  conquerors  and  conquered.  After  being  conquerors  in  their  new  lands  for  ninety  years,  they  were  subjugated  by  the  Saracens,  who  came  up  with  the  enthusiasm  of  a  new  and  false  religion  from  Arabia,  and  im impelled  pelled impelled  by  it,  conquered  whe  rever  th  e  y  wen  t.  Thi  s  ,  however,.  did  not  stop  the  descent  of  the  tribes  of  the  Turks  from  the  North,  though  they  had  not  then,  as  in  the  earlier  times,  the  same  motives  of  inducement  ;  for  they  came  no-  longer  as  conquerors.  '  If  they  found  they  could  not  get  employ employment  ment employment  in  Sogdiana,  they  went  on  to  Batavia,  offering  them themselves  selves themselves  as  mercenaries,  and  so  extending,  until  they  pene penetrated  trated penetrated  to  Bagdad,  where.  the  Caliphs,  having  removed  from  Damascus,  then  were..  •  The  lecturer  then  proceeded  to  say  that  he  had  stated  that  the  Tartars  had  changed  very  much  in  person  and  manners  since  the  period  of  their  first  incur  sions.  He  had  -described  the  Tartars  as  some  of  the  ugliest  of  the  human  race,  - STYLE=superscript  but  though  the  Turks  were  Tartar  in  their  origin,  yet  hi  the  space  'of  90  years,  during  which  they  held  their  new  possessions,  they  have  become  a  very.differ very.different  ent very.different  sort  of  people.  .Sa  much  so  that  they  were  recommended  by  their  masters,  the  Saracens,  for  their  shape  and  personal  beauty,  both  for  the  purposes  .  of  regal  show  and  of-  war.  And  so  remarkable,  still  further,  was  this  change  in  their  persons,  that  Timour  reproached  them  for  it,  observing  that  their  minds  were  as  narrow  as  their  meaning  that•  they  were  not  so  far  distant  from  each  other  in  the  head  as  those  of  the  Tartars—a  circumstance  which  he  considered  a  very  great  disfigurement.  The  Turks  still  continued  to  re recommend  commend recommend  theniselves  to  their  masters  by  these  qualities,  un until  til until  at  length  Haroun  Al  Raschid,  whose  fame  is  not  unwor unworthily  thily unworthily  preserved  in  that  favorite  of  our  youth,  The  Arabian  Nights'  took  50,000  of  them  into  hispay  and  then  into  his  body  guard.  It  was  not  difficult  to  prophecy  what  the  result  of  this  thoughtless  step  would  be—that  it'  .would  be  disastrous  to  the  Caliphs,  and  glorious  to  the  Turks  •  for  though  the  Saracen  empire  was  not  then  declin declining,  ing, declining,  the  Turks  were  young  and  daily  growing  into  might.  A  modern  writer  compared  the  Turks  to  the  Romans.  Such  Comparisons  were  often  fanciful,  but  if  they  might  take  it  as.a  sort  of  impression  of  their  character,  he  would  complete  the  picture,  by  saying  if  the  Turks  were  to  be  compared  to  the  Romans,  the  Saracens  and  the  Persians  were  to  be  com compared  pared compared  to  lithe  Greeks.  The  Persians  were  poets,  and  the  Saracens  were  philosophers,  excelling  in  astronomy,  mathe mathematics,  matics, mathematics,  and  botany,  and  being  in  addition,  the  creators  of  the  science  of  chemistry.  The  Turks  on  the  other  hand,  though  having  a  literature  to  some  extent,  still  looking  at  them  in  the  whole,  they  were  not  an  intellectual  people— peoplebut  but peoplebut  they  were  men  of  business.  They  had  something  of  that  talent  which  the  Romans  had,  in  conquering  and  govern governing  ing governing  the  world.  In  that  way  they  might  be  likened  to  the  English  ;  for  they  had  the  perseverance,  the  practical  tact,  and  resolution  that  made  a  great-empire,  in  a  way  very  few  races  had  been  able  to  make  an  empire.  Another  point  of  re resemblance  semblance resemblance  between  the  Turks  and  the  Romans  compared  with  the  Saracens  as  contrasted  with  the  Greeks,  was  this  :  under  Alexander,  the  Greek  empire  rose  in  a  brief  space  .  of  time,  but  it  lasted  not  many  years.  In  like  manner  the  Saracens,  who  came  with  a  brilliant  and  unchequered  success  from  Arabia,  founded  a  great  empire  in  a  short  time,  but  lost  it  again  in  a  few  hundred  years.  On  the  other  hand  the  Romans  grew  slowly,  century  by  century,  until  they  compassed  thd  known  world  :  and  in  the  same  way  the  Turks  rose  by  a  series  of  reverses  ;  frequently  were  they  lost  or.  whelmecl  in  the  great  ocean  of  nations,  but  they  came  as  often  to  the  surface,  until  they  obtained  their  power.  The  Rev.  .gentleman  then  narrated  how  the  Turkish  guards  mutinied  in  Bagdad,'  and  having  deposed  and  mur  d  ere  d  th  ree  caliphs,  were  risen  against  by  the  enraged  people,  and  in  their  turn  for  a  time  subdued.  But  the  plan  adopted  to  crush  their  power  served  but  to  strengthen  and  perpetuate  it.  They  were  dispersed  in  the  provinces,  and  thus  were  laid  the  seed  of  future  and  greater  revolutions.  The  tenth  century  had  now  arrived,  and•  though  very  little  was  heard  of  the  Turks  during  it,  they  were,  nevertheless,  slowly  growing  into  that,  however,  which  was  eventually  to  obtain  for  them  mastership  over  their  race.  The  lecturer  then  gave  a  brief  outline  of  the  growth  of  the  Turks  in  the  quarters  whither  they  had  been  for  the  time  forced,  and  then  an  ecually  brief,  but  highly  interesting  sketch  of  the  life  of  Mairaoud,  the  greatest  of  his  dynasty.  To  him  was  first  applied  the  peculiar  title,  and  having  crossed  the  Indus,  to  add  to  his  vast  territories  Hindoostan,  he  was  called  or  the  conqueror.  He  then  de described  scribed described  his  wealth,  increased  to  an  almost'incredible  amount  .on  the  taking  of  the  temple  of  Ghuzzarat,  for  the  safety  of  which  ten  millions  of  money  was  offered  by  the  priests—a  circumstance  not  to  be  wondered  at,  for  the  wealth  of  the  temple,  famous  through-  India,  not  less  for  its  profligacy  than  its  riches,  was  hid  in  the  truly  precious  image.  It  was  not  remarkable,  then,  that  avarice  should  have  been  Mahmoud's  greatest  vice,  but  his  last  moments  were  scarcely  by  ythe  growing  less  imbit  p  te  e  r  ,  e  ,  d  er  b  a  y  na  gr  p  ie  r  f  esp  fo  e  r  tit  his  y  t,y  we  h  a  i  l  s  th,than  merce mercenaries,  naries, mercenaries,  the  Turks  on  the  confines  of  his  dominions.  They  had  now  arrived  at  the  turning  point  of  Turkish  his-  •  tory.  The  Turks  had  got  into  'Persia,  then  spread  into  Hindostan,  and  formed  a  large  empire  there,  but  not  con content  tent content  with  that  they  came  down  and  formed  an  empire  in  Sogdiana,  after  having  cut  off  the  Sultan  Mahmoud  in  Hindostan.  He  had  commenced  their  history  that  night  at  the  beginning  of  the  seventh  century,  and  they  were  now  at  the  beginning  of  the  eleventh.  It  was  the  turning  point  of  their  history,  because  when  they  got  there  they  might  have  turned  either  to  the  east  or  to  the  west.  Many  years  ago,  the  reverend  lecturer  said,  he  had  heard  a  celebrated  professor  of  geology  observe,  in  speaking  of  the  river  Thames,  that  if  a  portion  of  it  had  been  blocked  up  it  would  have  run  out  into  the  Wash,  in  Lincolnshire,  and  the  whole  history  of  En  land  would  have  been  changed.  In  a  similar  manner  the  whole  history,  not  only  of  Europe,  but  of  the  world,  might  have  been  changed  if  the  Turks  had  turned  to  the  east  instead  of  the  west.  Had  they  turned  to  the  east  they  would  never  have  been  heard  of  in  Constair.  tinople,  and  might  have  been  found  now  perhaps  upon  the  throne  of  Delhi.  •  But  they  turned  to  the  west,  because  their  kindred,  the  Turks  of  Sultan  Mahmoud,  had  got  possession  of  the  east.-  In  another  respect  also  their  west westward  ward westward  move  might  be  called,  emphatically  and  most  seriously,  the  turning  point  of  their  history.  It  was  their  moral  turn-  •  ing  point.  The  Mahomodan  religion  stood  between  Paganism  and  Christianity.  Any  one  imbued  with  the  doc doctrines  trines doctrines  of  Mahomet  held  a  far  higher  station,  than  the  Pagan,  although  far  below  the  Christian.  A  Turk  at  that  moment  stood  between  the  Pagans  in  the  east,  and  the  Christians  in  west.  Had  they  gone  to  theeast  they  would  have  fallen  in  with  Pagan  superstitions,  and  might  have  been  regarded  in  some  degree  as  the  champions  of  truth.  As  they  went  to  the  east,  they  came  into  collision,  with  Christianity,  and  of  course  became  forthwith  the  prosecutors  of  great  truths.  More  happy  was  the  poor  Sultan  Mahmoud,  whose  mission  it  was  to  destroy  idols,  and  upon  whose  tomb  the  sandal  gates  remained  for  800  years,  representing  him  in  a  certain  sense  as  the  champion  of  truth,  and  seeming  .  to  plead  for  him.  •  But  those  most  unhappy  Turks,  owing  to  the  face  of  circumstances,  turned  •  to-  the  west,  and  hence  became  •  known  in  history,  as  the  greatest  persecuting  race  which  the  church  had  ever  known,  the  persecutors  of  Christi Christianity  anity Christianity  for  800  years.  The  year  1048  ,  was  marked  by  chronologists,  :as  the  year  in  which'the  Turks  set  off  for  the  west—the  year  in  which  they  bletv  as  it  were  the  trumpet  of  the  woe  'coming'  to  Christendom.  A  great  band  of  the  Turks  were  famOus  in  history  as  the  Seljukian  Turks,  from  Seljuk,  Who  was!the  founder  of  the'  dynasty.  Seljuk  having  become  a  convert  to  Mahumedanism,  had  to  leave  his  country  and  crossed  into  Sogdiana,  were  he  shewed  his  zeal  for  the  creed,  he  had  adopted  by  turning  a  furious  enemy  to  Pagans,  and  died  in  battle  at  the  wonderful  age  of  107.  His  son  also  died  in  battle,  but  at  an  early  age,  and  they  were  called  martyrs,  because  in  Mahomedanism  where  the  soldier  is  the  missionary,  the  soldier  is  also  the  martyr.  It  was  one  of  this  family  who  made  the  promises  of  soldiers  to  the  Sultan  Mahmond  which  he  had  related,  and  it  was  this  family  which  descended  upon  Christendom,  having  first  con conquered  quered conquered  Sogdiana,  and  then  turned  upon  Persia,  which  was  the  first  act  of  their  turning  to  the  west.  When  they  once  did  so,  they  had  the  materialkfor  the  most  rapid  and  brilliant  successes,  for  they  had  the  aids  of  their  kindred,  who  were  for  centuries  scattered  throughout  Persia  and  the  other  Saracenic  dominions;  they  had  the  Turcomans,  and  an  in indefinite  definite indefinite  reserve  of  the  wild  Turks  at  their  back,  coming  down  to  their  support  from  Turkestan  In  the  short  space  of  forty  years,  they  had  conquered  the  whole  of  the  west  of  Asia,  had  had  taken  Jerusalem  and  threatened  Constantinople.  They  had  three  'monarchs;  the  first  of  whom  succeeded  in  obtaining  the  power  of  the  Caliph,  by  whom  he  was  sent  a  deputy  into  many  countries  to  put  dowh  the  Caliph's  foes,  and  he  began  the  fearful  war  against  Christianity.  The  second  monarch  reigned  bid  a  short  time,  although  he:extended  his  success  in  conquest  which  his  predecessor  had  begun.  He  came  into  conflict  with  the  Greek  emperor  of  that  day,  having  been  attracted  by  the  fame  the  shrine  of  the  great  St.  Basil  !  ,  in  Cappadocia,  which  he  adorned  with  jewels  and  precious  stones.  The  third  and  last  of  the  sovereigns,  as  fre frequently  quently frequently  happens  in  dynasties,  was  the  greatest,  and  with  him  ended  the  power  of  the  Seljukian  Turks.  Twenty  theyears  P  a  p  f  e  t  e  o  r  f  the  first  th  eo  great  r  these  e  at  St.  Sultans STYLE=superscript  Gregory  started  e  Seventh,  that  almost  miraculous  prescience  which  he  possessed,  saw  westward,  with  and  denounced  the  coming  evil.  None  who  contemplated  the  deeds  of  that  illustrious  saint.  even  those  who  had  no  sort  of  inclination  towards  Catholicism,  could  help  being  overcome  by  the  gigantic  force  of  his  mind.  At  that  time,  although  he  had  to  contend  against  the  Sings  of  the  world  and  'even  with  :his  own  people,althou,.,ol  engaged  in  the  most  arduous  and  perilous  contest  the  church  had  ever  seen,  although  surrounded  by  bad  bishops,  bad  priests,  and  bad badlaymen,  laymen, badlaymen,  'although  he  had  to  smite,  to  tear  up,  to  pull  down  and  to  root  up,  and  to  do  such  work  as  never  had  been  done  from  the  beginning  of  Christianity  up  to  the  pre present  sent present  day,  although  in  the',  midst  of  that  dreadful  conflict,  enveloped  by  evils,  surrounded  by  foes,  although  he  was  driven  out  From  Rome,  and  died  an  exile  in  Avignon,  yet  he  still  found  time  to  look  over  Persia  and  Syria,  great  as  was  the  &amp;tang()  from  Italy,  and  to  prepare  an  army  of  60,000  men  to  march  against  the  enemies  of  Christ.  This  he  noticed  to  show  how  solicitous  the  fEw  been  for  all  her  children.  This  great  war  all  the  church,  If  any  member  of  the  whole  he  suffered,  and  although  engaged  in  that STYLE=superscript  had  been  described,  he  still  could  feel  for  the  who  had  been  massacred  and  mar'  heard  and  wept  to  hear  it,  how  the  Jerusalem  and  how  the  Patriarch  had  been  altar  andthrown  into  a  dungeon—how,  and  a  peaceful  jourer  ne STYLE=superscript  abl  y STYLE=superscript  e  from  to  the  H  the  l  e  ff  e  cts  of  Land  we  injuries  they  had  sustained  to  reachthe  eL  their  effects.  He  saw  that  the  Turks  were  upon  Constantinople,  and  likely  to  overw  helm STYLE=superscript  he  therefore  gave  that  signal:  which  was  out  by  that  series  of  holy  wars  called  the  plause.)  The  crusades  had  been  called  a,  these  savages,  coming  downlipon  Europe  of  forty  years  done  such  acts,  had  taken  stantinople  :  and  if  their  course  had  been  •  300  years,  he  would  put  aside  the  question  a  I  the  object  of  the  Crusades  for  the  present,  broader  view  of  the  subject  say,  that  when  present  word,  collected  that  immense  force,  threw  of  the  barbarians,  crushed  them,  and  broke  alone  was  an  object  worthy  the  efforts  9f  (Applause.)  .The  rev.  lecturer  at  this  pan  t STYLE=superscript  lecture  amid  prolonged  acclamation.  The  Rev.  Mr.  Nugent  announced  that  Dr,  deliver  his  fifth  lecture  on  Thursday  e‘  kindly  consented  to  deliver  it  ui  a  large  ra  ° STYLE=superscript  '  lecture  would  therefore  take  place  in  the  Cal  Nelson-street,  where  a  much  larger  number  modated,  and  an  opportunity  of  hearing  would  be  afforded  to  the  poorer  Roman  Cat  pool,  who  felt  as  high'  an  anxiety,  and  as  as  any  other  class,  to  listen  to  the  discourse  (Loud  applause.)  '  P2_TB00083 i  _  Itelfroi;urf;ted:ll;w:ear:lithrTdliorurhthisi:inetsltee.bocvlsoiiSo:(,:-':  ,A.,  ~.4  4f: STYLE=superscript  t  1  1, STYLE=superscript  0rile,•  l STYLE=superscript  i  ad  been  drag`c  t  i  i STYLE=superscript  I•  OD  Low  pilgrinisS.'  '  •  rti  r  and  were  011',  -  a  ,i  - STYLE=superscript  :As  of  confule',l'  .Id  the  end  of  the,.  i  ;  .  k  1  ,,  1 STYLE=superscript  irks STYLE=superscript  d  ° STYLE=superscript  a  e  u  w STYLE=superscript  i  p  beeri  e STYLE=superscript  rse  a STYLE=superscript  noe  r STYLE=superscript  etde  t  s STYLE=superscript  p  w STYLE=superscript  i  h  sijoee  h STYLE=superscript  e  :  rn  e STYLE=superscript  ah  re STYLE=superscript  c  C  i STYLE=superscript  h  e STYLE=superscript  a,f  l STYLE=superscript  3 STYLE=superscript  afteri STYLE=superscript  dfar  r:  ii  ,a  nj  o  3 STYLE=superscript  :  oure  'i: STYLE=superscript  4l STYLE=superscript  etai.  .0.:1`1'  :  1  1,  4.  .  :  4 STYLE=superscript  l STYLE=superscript  e,  ,1  e  :  1 STYLE=superscript  i STYLE=superscript  rti:  • STYLE=superscript  e STYLE=superscript  e,  e STYLE=superscript  ,  lie  r STYLE=superscript  ph  i  aa  :  l STYLE=superscript  a  l' STYLE=superscript  threw  back  '  1 STYLE=superscript  d  id  broke  the%  4.11 STYLE=superscript  ei  efforts  of  the  -, STYLE=superscript  4  will  EpOoFwroOrea:t:,,  :11%:41:1  this  point  CO  P  '''4  tit  I[3:stplianhtneli)lersrt.lll4eo.l,3:  ,N  trtl STYLE=superscript  i  i  trs  . STYLE=superscript  .  rsday  eyenal.  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  'y  I)  large  roarrt  ,  NI  in  the  ConceP,l,'  ~I  L  Y,  r  number  esalut  4 STYLE=superscript  fr  c  leering  the  r  e STYLE=superscript  ;  `trol  l  ,  nnan  Catholio  ii  and  as  gr,  t  liseourse  of  Dr,'  4:‘,14e  ---•&#34;'  /  ii:  b  aw  a  d  t  h  t  i  l  ic  e  nh  t  vii  :  ec  f  ,  .  '  kt  'ti,  ,  0  - STYLE=superscript  1  11s.  k  t  ‘  a  /  ,1131,,  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  .  t STYLE=superscript  ,  PftEsro:4l  t  there  was  55 STYLE=superscript  1  kke  e STYLE=superscript  :  i  ohn  sAi;OO  ,  IL  '  4 STYLE=superscript  05  I STYLE=superscript  I  11-known  f  4  .f'  4- STYLE=superscript  (1  been  palili,  ~,'  '  l STYLE=superscript  lits  iloyers  i  n  orr  -ti STYLE=superscript  lati,  nstances,  tli  e STYLE=superscript  ,/  1,  to  F  .n  advance  !ii  1  '  1 STYLE=superscript  )  ,  lisposal  wov  'se  anufacturers  give  '  i STYLE=superscript  tii  l  masters  tol  i STYLE=superscript  N  tia  t STYLE=superscript  °  fford  to  m  ice  v  ,  ,  'Led  bad;  but  ' STYLE=superscript  i  i STYLE=superscript  `;  a  of.  ters  of  Prest°l/  ,  the  a  advance  of  er  dvised  the  kill  pi  s.  Th  ere STYLE=superscript  ,t  al  aall  o  th  e  rs  il  l STYLE=superscript  11  ,  aw•  i  be  bon°  ,  '37  1 STYLE=superscript  P  the  under  ea'  portunity  o  f STYLE=superscript  :  `, STYLE=superscript  be  truly  sa  iu STYLE=superscript  'lll."
