text
"MANCHESTER  NEGLECT  OF  DUTY  BY  A  RAILWAY  POINTSMAN.-011,  Saturday,  at  the  Manchester  City  Police  Court,  a  person  named  Wiliam  Wilbriam,  a  pointsman  at  the  Victoria  Rail Railway.station,  way.station, Railway.station,  was  brought  before  the  magistrate  on  a  charge  of  having  been  guilty  of  neglect  of  duty.  It  appeared  that  on  Friday  evening,  abut  half-past  seven  o'clock,  when  a  train  arrived  from  Oldham  it  was  his  duty  to  turn  the  engine  on  bein  g  c  , STYLE=superscript  detached  from  the  train  one  way,  and  the  train  another,  mt  instead  of  doinr  , STYLE=superscript  that,  he  allowed  the  train  to  run  against  the  engine.  A  number  of  the  passen passengers  gers passengers  were  violently  shaken,  but  no  personal  injury  beyond  that  was  sustained.  The  defendant  said  he  was  confined  at  the  time,  and  as  the  engine  had  been  permitted  to  follow  the  engine  he  could  not  stop  it.—The  bench  remarked  upon  the  serious  nature  of  the  offence  by  which  the  lives  of  the  pas passengers  sengers passengers  might  have  been  endangered.—Fined  £5,  or  in  default  to  be  imprisoned  one  month.  ANOTHER,  CASE  OF  POCKET-PICKING.—On  Saturday,  at  the  City  Police  Court,  Manchester,  a  young  man  named  Michael  Rylands,  was  sent  to  prison  for  one  month  with  hard  labour  for  having,  on  the  same  morning  in  the  market  picked  the  pocket  of  Mrs.  Mary  Brown  of  her  purse  and  ss.  6d.  in  silver.  LAZY  PAUPERS.—Three  idle  vagabonds  were  brought  up  at  the  City  Police  Court,  Manchester,  on  Saturday,  on  a  charge  that,  being  inmates  of  the  workhouse,  they  refused  to  work.  All  three  admitted  the  charge  to  be  correct,  but  said  that  the  work  was  too  hard  for  them,  and  one  had  the  hardihood  to  tell  the  bench,  that  he  had  never  been  accus accustomed  tomed accustomed  to  work.  In  order  to  give  them  an  opportunity  of  knowing  what  work  was,  the  bench  kindly  adjudged  them  to  21  days'  imprisonment  each  with  hard  labour.  POCKET  PICKING.—A  fellow,  well  known  to  the  police,  named  John  Thompson,  was  placed  before  the  magistrates,  at  the  City  Police  Court,  Manchester,  on  Saturday,  on  a  charge  of  having,  at  7  o'clock  the  previous  evening.,  attempted  to  pick  the  pocket  of  a  young  lady  at  the  London-road  station  of  the  London  and  North  Western  Railway.—Miss  Ann  Wood  stated,  that  she  came  from  London  to  Manchester  on  the  previous  evening.  She  was  looking  after  her  luggage  and  speaking  to  the  guard,  and  had  just  taken  her  purse  from  her  pocket,  when  she  felt  the  hands  of  the  prisoner  in  the  pocket,  but  he  got  nothing  out  of  it.  She  was  sure  the  prisoner  was  the  man  who  put  his  handinto  her  pocket.  A  'buss  man  who  frequents  the  station,  said  he  saw  the  prisoner  at  the  station  on  Wednesday,  Thursday  and  Friday  even evenings,  ings, evenings,  and  that  he  saw  him  put  his  hand  into  the  pocket  of  the  prosecutrix.  One  of  the  porters  on  the  station  said  to  the  prisoner,  is  a  pity  you  cannot  let  people  alone  on  the  To  be  imprisoned  and  kept  at  hard  labour  for  three  months.  ROBBERY  FROM  A  SHOP.—On  Saturday,  at  the  City  Police  Court,  Manchester,  a  boy,  15  years  old,  named  Henry  Tucker,  was  charged  with  having  stolen  a  quantity  of  old  iron  and  other  goods  from  the  shop  of  Mrs.  Jones  Demprey,  Miller's  Lane,  into  which  he  had  effected  an  entrance  by  breaking  through  the  sky-light.—To  be  imprisoned  and  kept  at  hard  labour  for  three  months.  CHARGE.  OF  STEALING  the  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  City  Police  Court,  on  Saturday,  a  female  named  Hannah  Bentley  was  charged  with  having  stolen  a  quantity  of  (used  in  the  game  of  battledore  and  shuttle shuttlecock),  cock), shuttlecock),  the  property  of  an  elderly  man  with  whom  she  was  lodging  in  Shudehill.  It  was  proved  that  the  prisoner  sold  the  articles  in  the  town.  The  prisoner  admitted  this,  but  stated  that  she  had  been  instructed  to  do  so,  by  the  prose prosecutor,  cutor, prosecutor,  with  whom  she  had  cohabited  since  the  previous  Friday,  when  she  left  the  workhouse,  and  went  to  lodge  at  his  house.—The  magistrates  dismissed  the  case.  ROBBERY  FROM  EMPLOYERS.  —On  Saturday,  at  the  City  Police  Court,  Manchester,  a  young  man  and  a  boy,  named  respectively  Routledge  and  Hume,  were  brought  up  before  the  magistrates  on  a  charge  of  having  stolen  from  their  em employers,  ployers, employers,  Messrs.  Sharp,  Brothers,  of  the  Atlas  Works,  Oxford  Street,  a  quantity  of  files  and  other  articles.—Mr.  Scott,  .a  foreman  in  the  employ  of  the  Messrs.  Sharp,  stated  that  he  went  to  their  premises  about  6  o'clock  that  morning,  when  he  was  told  by  one  of  the  men  that  he  had  found  a  bundle  containing  the  articles  in  question  in  the  yard.  The  man  was  instructed  to  put  the  bundle  back  in  the  place  where  he  found  it,  which  he  did.  Another  man  subsequently  saw  the  younger  prisoner  go  to  the  spot  where  the  bundle  was  concealed,  and  take  it  away.  He  was  stopped,  and  then  he  stated  that  the  elder  prisoner  Routledge  sent  him  for  the  bundle.  Mr.  Scott  stated  that  his  impression  was  that  the  elder  prisoner  had  led  away  the  younger,  who  had  always  behaved  well  previously.  Routledge  admitted  that  he  had  taken  the  articles  with  the  view  of  working  with  them.  The  foreman  stated  that  by.  the  rule  of  the  establishment  that  was  impossible.—Both  prisoners  were  committed  to  take  their  trial  at  the  sessions,  NORTH  AND  EAST  LANCASHIRE.—For  ADVERTISING  in  this  portion  of  the  County  of  Lancaster  the  most  eligible  medium  is  the  PRESTON  GUARDIAN.  The  last  parliamentary  returns  show  that  The  GUARDIAN  circulates  .  .  ..  5,019  copies  weekly.  The  paper  next  in  circulation  pub published  lished published  in  North  or  Enst  Lancashire  _1,211  ditto.  ,  Charges  for  advertising  :  four  lines,  or  thirty  words,  Is.  6d.,  prepaid  ;  eight  lines,  or  sixty  words,  2s.  prepaid.  No  adver advertisements  tisements advertisements  on  credit  under  2s.  6d.  each.  QUARTERLY  CONTRACT  CHARGES.  13  insertions  2  lines  13  ditto  4  lines  13  ditto  6  lines  .  13  ditto  8  lines  13  ditto  10  lines  13  ditto  12  lines..  2ss.  do.  Remittances,  £1  and  under,  may  be  made  in  postage  stamps  ;  above  that  sum  by  post-office  order,  payable  to  J.  and  W.  Livesey.  The  Guardian  is  published  every  Saturday  morning,  in  time  for  dispatch  by  the  early  mails.—  Office,  8,  Cheapside,  Market  -place,  Preston.  THE  GOVERNING  CLASSES,  A  SERIES  OF  PORTRAITS  TO  BE  CONTINUED  WEEKLY  IN  THE  LEADER,  a  complete  first-class  Weekly  Newspaper  ;  Political  and  Literary  Review.  (Estab (Established  lished (Established  1850).  Punished  every  Saturday  in  time  for  the  early  morning  mails,  price  Sixpence,  and  Sold  by  News Newsagents  agents Newsagents  in  all  parts  of  England,  or  may  be  had  direct  from  the  Publisher.  dir  Terms  of  Subscription-13s.  for  a  Half-year,  to  be  remitted  in  advance,  by  Money  Order,  payable  to  Mr.  Al Alfred  fred Alfred  E.  Galloway,  at  the  Office,  7,  Wellington-street,  Strand,  London.  NOTICE  TO  ADVERTISERS.  In  consequence  of  the  Repeal  of  the  Advertisement  Duty,  the  following  Reduced  Scale  is  now  charged  for  Advertising  in  the  LEADER  Newspaper  :  Five  lines  and  under  .  .  .  0  2  6  Each  additional  line  .  .  Half  a  Column  Whole  Column  e  r  Advertisements  reaching  this  Office  on  Friday  Night  will  appear  in  all  editions."
