text
"The  trial  of  the  conspirators  of  the  Opera  Comique,  charged  with  organizing  a  plot  to  assas-  sinate  the  EMPEROR,  will  not  come  on  before  the  early  part  of  next  month  An  accident  occurred  to  the  Madrid  mail  on  Thursday,  which  prevented  its  due  arrival  at  Pads.  An  engineer  and  stoker  lost  their  lives  in  the  collision,  and  several  persons  were  seriously  wounded  THE  position  of  the  great  industrial  conflict  at  Preston  is  assuming  daily  a  more  fierce  and  formid formidable  able formidable  aspect.  All  struggles  of  magnitude  produce  a  variety  of  novel  features.  We  have,  in  the  present  case,  to  notice  one  or  two  which  are  worthy  of  careful  investigation.  The  question  of  strikes,  has,  for  some  time,  assumed  a  character  of  com combination  bination combination  which  does  not  confine  itself  simply  to  the  exaction  of  an  advance  of  wages,  but,  which,  aims  at  the  establishment  of  co-operative  projects,  with  self-employment.  There  can  be  no  doubt  that  the  strike  at  Preston  is  more  or  less  connected  with  this  self-employment  movement,  which  has  been  so  warmly  received  and  supported  in  other  manufacturing  towns.  And,  as  it  must  inevitably  bring  the  whole  industrial  relations  of  this  country  under  review,  it  behoves  us  to  examine,  with  the  utmost  care,  the  whole  bearing  of  the  question,  in  order  to  arrive  at  a  just  solution  of  the  all allimportant  important allimportant  problem.  In  venturing  on  this  inquiry  it  must  be  remem remembered  bered remembered  that  there  are  two  distinct  classes  of  employ employment  ment employment  with  which  &gt;we  have  to  deal.  One,  and  by  far  the  most  general,  is  sustained  by  the  exchange  of  productions;  and  the  other  is  dependent  wholly  on  cash  sales.  For  example,  the  weavers'  productions  are  exchanged  for  the  productions  of  other  countries,  and  pass  current,  as  it  were,  all  over  the  world;  while  the  printer,  tailor,  and  shoe shoemaker  maker shoemaker  must  rely  for  support  on  the  demand  of  a  more  limited  circle,  which  may  be  influenced  for  better  or  worse  by  a  _variety  of  mere  local  circumstances.  Fortunately  for  England,  the  great  bulk  of  our  population  is  engaged  in  the  production  of  exchangeable  commodities.  This  is,  in  truth,  the  real  source  of  our  greatness  in  trade  and  com commerce  merce commerce  ;  and  any  event  which  threatens  to  disturb  the  established  relations  of  production,  must  be  viewed  with  the  most  earnest  solicitude.  In  the  exchange  of  productions  we  have  no  uniform  basis  on  which  we  can  act.  Every  State  with  which  we  trade,  regulates  its  standard  of  remuneration  to  suit  its  own  particular  views.  On  the  continent  of  Europe  the  political  idea  •is  to  keep  down  the  standard  of  remuneration  to  the  lowest  level,  and  at  the  same  time  to  vary  and  increase  production  in  order  to  economise  their  resources  ;  while  the  maintenance  of  the  highest  known  standard  of  wages  is  the  ruling  principle  of  legislation  in  the  United  States.  Thus  we  have  a  great  variation  in  the  exchange  of  production  to  contend  with.  The  average  of  wages  in  America  being  five  shillings  a-day,  and  the  average  in  England,  say,  three  shillings  ;  it  fol follows,  lows, follows,  that  in  the  exchange  of  productions  bets  een  the  two  countries,  the  English  producer  has  to  give  one  and  two-fifths  of  a  day's  produce  for  one  day's  produce  of  the  American  artisan.  Thus,  the  gain  to  America  is  as  three  to  five.  This  extraordinary  advantage  has  accrued  to  America  from  her  legislating  in  favour  of  labour,  and  leav leaving  ing leaving  the  realization  of  individual  and  national  profit  to  progressive  production.  In  England  the  great  ruling  principle  is  very  different.  Here  our  power  of  production  is  limited  to  a  fixed  amount  of  money,  or  capital,  and  beyond  this  limit  neither  the  pro productions  ductions productions  of  a  local,  or  those  of  an  exchangeable  character,  are  suffered  to  proceed.  In  our  commercial  relations  with  India,  China,  and  continental  Europe,  we  have  a  state  of  things  directly  opposed  to  that  with  which  we  have  to  contend  in  the  States  ;  and,  indeed,  Australia,  and  all  other  countries,  where  the  standard  of  remune remuneration  ration remuneration  is  higher  than  it  is  in  England.  Let  us  take  the  standard  of  remuneration  in  France,  Holland,  Russia,  Austria,  and  Belgium,  at  one  shilling  a-day,  and  an  advanced  standard  of  wages  for  England,  say  of  five  shillings  a-day  ;  it  must  necessarily  follow,  that  England  receives  five  days'  produce  from  those  countries  for  one  day's  production  of  the  English  operative.  The  gain  to  England,  then,  in  the  exchange  of  produc productions,  tions, productions,  is  as  five  to  one.  Many  'of  the  states  of  Europe,  more  especially  France,  -  Belgium,  and  Prussia,  are  fully  alive  to  the  great  disadvantages  under  which  they  labour;  and  while  their  rulers  repudiate  the  idea  of  raising  the  standard  of  wages,  they  are  endeavouring  to  manufacture  for  them themselves,  selves, themselves,  with  the  view  of  supplying  their  own  wants,  and  thus  they  have  become  large  competitors  in  this  country  for  our  skilled  labour.  With  respect  to  the  co-operative  system,  it  is  also  worthy  of:  notice  that  as  far  back  as  the  time  of  Louis  XIV.,  we  find  it  was  introduced  into  France,  but  failed,  notwithstanding  that  a  strong  national  feeling  existed  in  its  favour.  Under  the  Republican  regime  of  '4B  it  was  revived  as  a  great  state  necessity,  and  although  sustained  by  the  national  Exchequer,  it  again  fell  to  the  ground.  It  is  now,  however,  being  revived  again  under  semi-state  patronage.  To  account  for  the  failure  of  the  co-operative  scheme  in  France,  we  need  urge  no  stronger  reason  than  the  position  we  have  shown  her  to  have  held  in  the  exchdnge  of  productions,  with  her  largest  customers,  England  and  America.  In  predict predicting  ing predicting  the  failure  of  the  self-employment  project  . STYLE=superscript  in  England,  we  want  no  stronger  justification  than  the  patent  fact,  that  the  power  of  production  in  this  country  is  limited,  and  must  be  measured  by  the  money,  or  bona  fide  capital,  in  hand  at  the  com commencement  mencement commencement  of  any  undertaking.  This  is  a  point  irrevocably  settled,  and  is  sanctioned  and  sustain sustained  ed sustained  by  the  genius  of  the  age.  That  money  =  which  is,  after  all,  the  only  capital  available  in  production— productionwill  will productionwill  continue  to  flow  into  this  country  most  rapidly  is  very  certain  ;  but  in  what  direction  will  it  flow  and  accumulate  ?  A  certain  portion  must,  fortu fortunately  nately fortunately  for  us  all,  reach  the  pockets  of  the  worthy  operative,  and  although  he  may  find  himself  in  a  better  condition  than  he  has  been  in  for  many  years,  still  he  must  not  mistake  easy  circumstances  for  actual  money-power.  This,  in  the  course  of  that  gigantic  competition,  which  the  co-operative  sys system  tem system  suggests,  and  will  encounter—must  be  con confined  fined confined  to  the  actual  amount  of  money  in  the  opera operatives'  tives' operatives'  hands.  A  system,  it  matters  not  how  just  or  how  good,  when  tried  as  an  experiment,  will  meet  no  favours  in  trade  ;  therefore  no  accommodations  can  be  granted.  Here,  then,  the  whole  project  becomes  destructively  antagonistic  to  commercial  necessities  and  trade  usage.  To  embark  in  such  projects  as  undertaldngs  without  risk  or  probable  losses,  is  a  very  fatal  mis mistake.  take. mistake.  The  history  of  production  is  one  of  universal  vicissitude  and  disaster;  while  to  direct  and  sus sustain  tain sustain  it  on  the  vast  and  comprehensive  scale  which  it  has  attained  in  the  manufacturing  districts  of  the  North  of  England,  is  a  task  that  has  baffled  the  wisdom  of  the  greatestslegislators,  statesmen,  and  political  economists.  It  remains,  then,  for  the  ca capitalist,  pitalist, capitalist,  manufacturer,  and  operative,  to  Weigh  carefully  the  great  material  facts  which  surround  their  respective  interests  and  positions,  and  by  some  rational  concessions,  and  mutual  good  feel feeling,  ing, feeling,  endeavour  to  meet  the  apparent  difficulties  of  trade  and  wants  of  their  country.  THERE  is  one  great  Despot  in  the  world,  com compared  pared compared  with  which  all  others  are  powerless.  His  dominions  are  not  confined  within  one  narrow  spot  of  land.  No  ocean  forms  the  boundary  line  of  his  territorial  rights  Wide  as  the  universe  is  his  command.  Wherever  the  human  family  is  to  be  found,  there  he  exercises  a  potent  and  almost  irresistable  sway.  The  serfdom  he  demands  is  not  merely  the  prostration  of  the  body.  The  higher  power  of  the  mind  must  bend  to  his  tyran tyrannical  nical tyrannical  jurisdiction.  This  mighty  Autocrat  is  IGNORANCE  ;  and  his  subjects  are  to  be  found  in  teeming  numbers  not  alone  in  the  most  darkened,  but  in  the  most  en enlightened  lightened enlightened  nations.  Our  highest  civilization  may  combat,  but  it  cannot  destroy,  the  Usurper.  He  has  been  found  impervious,  as  yet,  to  any  weapon  used  against  him.  Invincible  in  strength,  he  marches  forth  conquering  and  to  conquer.  Supreme  in  majesty,  he  prostrates  monarchies,  subdues  kingdoms,  and  frustrates  the  designs  of  Councils  and  Cabinets.  Some  wise  Governments,  solicitous  for  their  own  safety,  have  arrayed  armed  battalions  against  this  Invader  of  human  rights  and  liberties.  They  en endeavoured  deavoured endeavoured  by  one  fell  to  arrest  his  pro  gress  and  subvert  his  power.  But  they  failed  in  the  attempt  ;  partly  from  deficiency  of  force,  and  partly  from  want  of  the  proper  skill  in  its  appli appliance.  ance. appliance.  It  is  a  strange  anomaly,  that  one  of  the  most  civilized  nations  of  the  earth,  should  have  this  Tyrant's  subjects  nestling,  in  myriads,  within  its  very  bosom.  True,  our  Government  and  society  have  taken  earnest  steps  to  diminish  their  number,  by  freeing  them  from  his  iron  grasp.  The  worst  and  most  degraded,  however,  have  either  escaped  their  notice  altogether,  or  else  have  been  given  up  as  hopelessly  irreclaimable.  A  few  benevolent  individuals,  with  noble  hero heroism,  ism, heroism,  pure  philanthropy,  and  hopeful  spirits,  took  up  the  cause  of  this  unhappy  class.  Undetered  by  difficulties;  undaunted  by  dangers;  in  the  face  of  every  obstacle,  they  set  to  work  right  manfully  to  accomplish  their  mighty  task.  Ragged  were  founded  ;  but  slow  at  first  was  the  progress  made.  Of  course,  the  difficulties  were  Alpine  that  presented  themselves  in  the  outset  of  this  noble  career.  The  idea  was  laughed  at  as  Utopian;  and  those  who  advocated  it  weie  re regarded  garded regarded  as  impracticable  philanthropists  or  sheer  incapables.  But  the  absence  of  public  sympathy  alone  was  not  the  most  insurmountable  of  the  obstacles  that  had  to  be  combated.  The  chiefest  arose  from  the  callous  dispositions  and  stunted  intellects  which  seemed  to  resist  every  endeavour  made  to  soften  and  improve  them.  We  ourselves  have  visited  Ragged  Schools  when  first  they  were  established  in  the  Metropolis.  There  we  have  repeatedly  witnessed  scenes  of  a  cheering,  as  well  as  of  a  most  painful  description.  We  have  observed  the  self-denying  devotion  of  the  teacher  to  his  onerous  duty—have  noticed  his  equanimity  of  temper,  under  the  most  trying  provocations  —his  patience  under  the  gr3ssest  insults—and  his  perseverance  withal,  in  spite  of  the  greatest  discouragements.  We  have  known  him  to  be  maltreated—to  have  his  clothes  torn  to  pieces—,  and  the  school-room  windows  to  be  demolished  in  his  presence.  The  interference  of  the  police  was  a  thing  of.  constant  occurrence  ;  and  the  teacher,  out  of  regard  to  his  personal  safety,  had  often  to  procure  a  bevy  of  them  to  surround  the  immediate  locality  of  his  school.  Here  was  con congregated  gregated congregated  the  youth  of  the  most  depraved  portion  of  our  population.  Most  of  them  acknowledged  —all  reputed  thieves  or  •  vagabonds.  Here  the  young  culprit  just  come  -out  of  Milbank  Peniten Penitentiary  tiary Penitentiary  would  look  in  to  have  a  or  indulge  his  sateless  craving  for  some  devilment  or  another,  until  the  next  day's  felony  deprived  him  of  the  power  of  indulging  in  the  repetition  of  his  nefarious  pranks.  The  mass  of  misery,  of  physical  and  mental  degradation,  which  the  London  Ragged  Schools  at  first  presented,  cannot  be  described;  and,  assuredly,  it  required  an  Herculean  power  to  combat  successfully.  The  children  of  parents,  themselves  degraded  to  the  lowest  condition  of  social  life—with  hereditary  bad  mental  organiza organizations  tions organizations  and  vicious  physical  tendencies—rendered  all  the  more  developed  from  habit  and  con contageous  tageous contageous  influences—form  a  class,  upon  whose  im improvement  provement improvement  and  elevation,  the  psycologist  and  •the  philanthropist  may  well  employ  their  experiments,  and  exhaust  their  ingenuity.  Happily,  many  good  effects  have  already  resulted  from  their  labours;  and  we  experience  in  the  immense  increase  of  those  praiseworthy  institutions,  the  earnest  of  further  benefits  for  that  unhappy  class,  whose  existence  presents  a  singular  contrast  to  our  social  advance advancement,  ment, advancement,  and  which  may  be  regarded  as  a  gangrene  eating  into  the  heart  and  threatening  the  life  of  the  nation.  The  report  of  the  Liverpool  Ragged  School  Union,  for  the  past  year,  has  been  forwarded  to  our  office.  From  it  we  obtain  the  statistics  of  the  number  attending  those  establishments  ;  and  we  are  fairly  shocked  at  the  multitude  of  wretched  victims  of  vice  :and  ignorance  who  swarm  in  this  town.  The  report  states,  that  the  number  of  children  attending  Ragged  Schools,  was  about  2,700,  but  that  during  the  past  year  there  has  been  an  increase  of  about  500  others.  Upwards  of  1,500,  it  is  said,  are  able  to  read,  whilst  - STYLE=superscript  about-350  have  been  provided  with  situations,  and  are  conducting  themselves  satisfactorily  to  their  employers  ;  and  are  likely  to  become  respectable  members  of  society.  The  character  of  the  attendants  at  those  schools  is  thus  given  These  children  are  almost,  with without  out without  exception,  of  the  very  lowest  class,  accustomed  to  the  aspect  of  vice  in  its  worst  and  most  revolting  forms,  and  who,  but  for  the  instruction  conveyed  through  Ragged  Schools,  would  have  remained  as  ignorant  as  the  most  degraded  Among  the  testimonials  awarded  to  those  schools,  we  are  glad  to  be  enabled  to  refer,  with  the  Committee,  to  that  of  the  RECORDER  of  LIVERPOOL,  who,  in  his  charge  to  the  Grand  Jury  at  the  last  February  Sessions,  adverting  to  the  fact,  that  the  crime  in  this  town  was  diminishing,  gave  it  as  his  opinion,  That  among  the  influences  tending  to  the  pre prevention  vention prevention  of  crime,  the  institution  of  Ragged  Schools  stood  Such  testimony  must  be  very  encouraging  to  all  engaged  in  the  beneficent  labour  of  rescuing  from  the•hot-beds  of  crime  and  misery  the  juvenile  por portion  tion portion  of  our  degraded  population.  To  teach  the  young  idea  how  to  is  always  a  noble  work.  what  says  PLUTARCH,  in  his  compari comparison  son comparison  of  NUBIA  and  LYCURGUS,  could  NumA  have  directed  her  attention  than  to  the  culture  of  early  But  it  is  a  far  nobler  and  more  meritorious  duty  to  endeavour  to  lift  out  of  the  slough  of  vice  the  youthful  criminal—to  pour  in  even  one  ray  of  light  into  his  demented  mind—to  breathe  en encouragement  couragement encouragement  to  his  despairing  heart—to  aid  in  making  him  an  honest  man—and  thus  save  society  from  experiencing  those  evils  which  otherwise  most  inevitably  would  be  entailed  upon  it.  We  think  there  is  sufficient  data  to  prove  that  the  diminution  of  crime  is  commensurate  with  the  spread  of  knowledge.  How  essentially,  then,  it  behoves  our  Government  to  examine  into  the  matter"
