text
"haste  of  those  practice  is  charity  would  suppos(  the  spirit  of  chivalry  even  the  presence  of  '  nasty  decorum  ?  Now,  making  every  pc  hurry  of  business,  I  see  nothing  to  tify,  such  disorderly  and  ungentlen  people  wait  patiently  till  their  turn  risk  of  dislocating  the  shoulders,  bi  all  events,  of  wearing  the  smooth  their  neighbours  that  I  wear,  (or  rather  other  bare  in  very  little  time,  by  water  daily  - STYLE=superscript  .  Really,  this'  unne  s STYLE=superscript  eessl  strikes  even  no  harder  home:  than  to  fliction  grieviously  to  be  born  pondenti  would  suggest  a  reme  confer  a  boon  upon  the  public,  a  so  largely  indebted  to  my  tailor.  I  am  Sir,  yc  THE  COURT.—OCTOBEE  16tI  Prince,  with  the  Prince  of  Wales,  t  Princess  Alice,  the  Ladies  and  Gent  the  domestic  household,  attended  D  ing  in  the  Private  Chapel  of  the  Cast  G.  NV  ellealcy  officiated.  The  Right  Hon.  Lady  John  ful  family,  arrived  at  Glasgow,'  on  at  Macdonald's  Star  Hotel,  Bucher  London  in  the  afternoon.  •  DIED,  on  Sunday  morning,  1  residence,  Crescent-place,  Blacifrian  Tibbitts,  Esq.,  publisher  of  the  lifon  of  John  Tibbts,  Esq.,  of  East  Loi  brother  of  Jarvis  Tibbits,  Esq.,  Cor  Portsmouth,  aged  37  years,  much  re;  him.  THE  MURDER  AND  SUICIDE  ON  ROAD  COUNTESS  OF  WILToN.—In  our  paper  of  Fri  flounced  the  particulars  of  a  shocking  tragedy  o  Countess  ;Wilton  of  Liverpool,  while  on  he  voyage  from  Shanghae.  The  following  are  tl  taken  from  the  log  :—On  the  I.7th  of  May,  wl  was  near  the  Indian  coast,  the  late  cap  Crangle,  ordered  all  hands  on  deck  William  M'Fillen,  did  not  seem  inc  duty,  and  the  master  sent  two  men  to  was  found  in  the  store-room  under  the  (  despatched  the  second  ie  conver  unfortunate  master  on  he  might  have  s  cut  gry  wort  them.  Isabelli  499,  Reed,  Bibby  &amp;  Son  )0C  122  Aur  rea  141  Bt  Boult  0"
