text
"bacon,  hams,  pork,  and  butter,  to  a  considerable  amount,  have  been  made  at  our  quotations.  Large  parcels  of  butter  have  been  forwarded  to  the  interioi..  A  sale  of  X STYLE=superscript  lOO  firkins,at  (invoice  weight  and  tare)  is  reported;  but  other  sales  are  reported  at  is.  14d.  to  ls.  3d.  The  stocks  are  very  heavy,  and  the  season  is  against  large  sales.  Cheese—Sales  of  , STYLE=superscript  Wilts  and  Dunlop  at  our  quotations  are  reported.  fterrings  are  saleable.  There  are  inquires  for  sardines  and  preserved  salmon.  Ling,  and  cod  are  very  scarce.  PAINTS,  OILS,  AND  CoLoußa.  , STYLE=superscript  -  , STYLE=superscript  —There  is  an  increasing  demand  tor.  white  lead,  and  the  price  has  slightly  advanced.  Other  articles  in  the  trade  are  dull.  METALS.—Excepting  a  few  sizes,  the  market  is  well  sup•  plied  with  bar  and  bolt  iron.  A  sale  at  £l4  is  reported,  but  .£l5  is  generally  asked.  For  pig  Iron  £5  10s.  has  been  offered,  and  refused  ;  £6  would  be  taken.  The  market  is  very  full  of  hoop  iron,  excepting  a  few  sizes..  There  is  no  charcoal  24  gunge.  Sales  of  light  corrugated  iron  at  our  'qtiqtations  are  reported.  Copper  sheathing  and  Muntz  metal  are  scarce,  and  greatly  wanted.  Compostion  is  unsaleable.  Lead  is  firmer,  and  holders  are  asking  higher  rates,  but  sales  are  still  made  at  £2B.  Light  sheet  zinc  is  improving.  Zinc  nails  are  very  plentiful.  BUILDING  MATERIALL—There  is  very  little  demand  for  impOrted  bricks.  Roman  cement  is  worth  25s  per  barrel.  Glass  :  Large  sizes  of  Chance's  patent  are  saleable.  The  market  is  glutted  with  other  sizes.  Slates  :  Ladies'  have  rather  improved  in  value.  TrmnEa.—There  are  now  inquiries  for  deals  and  timber,  but  no  transactions  of  large-amount  have  taken  place.  A  sale  is  reported  of  1  inch  Baltic,  drawn  flooring,  at  21d,  in  the  bay.  The  market  is  overstocked  with  American  lumber,  and  it  is  very  slow  of  sale.  DRUGS  AND  CHEMICALS.—The  market  is  almost  without  change.  Sales  of  arsenic  have  been  made  at  £l5,  and  of  flour  of  sulphur  at  4d.  Of  this  last  article  there  are  large  stocks.  Supplies  of  opium  are  much  wanted.  The  last  sales  of  Turkey  were  at  45s  to  50s  per  lb.  Quicksilver  has  been  sold  at  3s  to  3s  61.  There  is  a  large  quantity  of  inferior  in  the  market.  BOOTS  AND  SHOES.—For  summer  goods,  which  arenow  alone  seasonable,  well  sorted  invoices  have  realised  25  per  cent.  advance.  Some  invoices  have  realised  even  higher  rates.  Hungarian  wax  and  grain  are  worth  35  to  40  per  cent.  advance.  HARDWARE.—The  market  is  now  well  supplied  with  Collins'  picks,  light  and  heavy,  and  with  axes.  They  are,  still  saleable.  Building  and  shelf  ironmongery  are  dull  ;  a  well-assorted  invoice  of  the  latter,  however,  realises  30  per  cent.  Large-shipments  of  revolvers  and  pistols  are  being  returned  to  America.  The  price  of  hollow-ware  is  nomi nominal.  nal. nominal.  Ewbank's  patent  nails  are  scarce.  SOFT  Goons.—Th'e  following  goods  realise  the  rates  of  advance  on  invoice  quoted  :—Black  and  drab  trousers  25  per  cent.  ;  Scotch  twill  shirts,  20  per  cent.  ;  Paris  kid  gloves  (scarce),  25  per  cent,  ;  9-8  and  5-4  plates  small  patterns,  25  per  cent;  10,  12,  14,  16,  black  lutes,  25  per  cent.  :  24  and  30  Oriental,  25  per  cent.  ;  German  wove  stays,  25  per  cent.  ;  drab  mole  trousers  (scarce),  30  per  cent.  ;  millers,  30  per  cent.  ;  seasonable  slops,  25  per  cent.  ;  black  felt  hats  (scarce),  30  per  cent,  ;  8-4  grey  calico  (scarce),  33-t  per  cent.  ;  infants'  and  girls'  Leghorn  hats,  25  per  cent.  ;  double  black  blue  serge  shirts,  25  per  cent:  There  is  now  some  speculation,  and  a  considerable  improvement  in  this  trade,  chiefly  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  greatly  diminished  shipments,  and  for  seasonable  goods,  remunerative  prices  aro  realised.  SIINDRIES.—There  is  little  demand  for  carpeting.  American  tubs  and  other  woodware  are  advancing.  English  malt  is  worth  15s  to  16s.  There  are  inquiries  for  ginger  beer  corks.  Turpentine  has  declined.  Blasting  gunpowder  is  very  scarce,  and  in  great  demand.  American  drills  are  fully  stocked.  Woolpacks  are  firm.  Gunnies  have  declined.  Cordage  is  dull.  The  market  is  well  supplied  with  both  Europe  and  Manilla  rope.  American  made,  no  sales.  Pine  apple  rope  is  unsaleable.  The  stocks  of  coir  are  large.  The  market  is  full  of  blacking.  The  price  of  coal  is  nominal,  there  being  no  demand.  The  season  is  commencing  for  Panama  hats,  and  prices  are  advancing.  Very  fine  Sydney  cabbage  trees  realise  10s  to  15s  each.  On  merchandise,  generally,  we  may  remark  that  fears  are  here  expressed  of  the  great  danger  of  another  glut  by  next  winter.  Shippers  at  a  distance  would  do  well  to  be  cautious,  and  to  watch  our  markets.  FAVOURABLE  SYMPTOMS.—Wo  have  pleasure  in  directing  special  attention  to  the  revenue,  bonded  goods,  gold  per  escort,  population,  shipping,  imports,  exports,  and  banking,  which  are  deserving  of  careful  study.  It  will  be  observed  that  the  balance  of  trade  is  now  considerably  in  favour  of  the  colony.  howeve  MELBOURNE  WOOL  MARKET,  &amp;c.  The  shipments  of  Wool  from  this  place  during  the  past  season  (as  given  in  our  report  of  the  28th  ultimo),  were  up  to  15th  September  15,231,381  lbs  weight,  equal  to  £873,478  value.  Since  that  date  up  to  the  end  of  the  year,  October  10,  addi.  tional  shipments  have  been  made  0f..129.403  lbs  £9,778  Makin  a  total  of  15,360,7841b3  £883,256  Being  about  54,859  bales  of  wool  during  the  season  1854-5,  which  is  an  increase  of  4,256,654  lbs  weight,  or  15,202  bales,  equal  to  rather  more  than  26  per  cent  on  the  shipments  from  this  place  of  the  season  1853-4.  The  new  season  having  commenced  buyers  have  thonght  it  a  favourable  opportunity  at  the  first  public  wool  sale,  on  the  1  Ith  instant,  of  urging  upon  the  selling  brokers  the  adjustment  of  the  terms  of  sale  with  regard  to  tares  and  draft,  to  the  same  _  _  scale  as  that  adopted  last  year  in  Sydney,  namely  ary  allowance  of  10  lbs  per  bale  tare,  and  1  lb  the  custom-  per  cwt  draft,  as  ,iverpool,  the  clai  for  tare  was  allowed  by  the  brokers,  and  101bs  will  e  the  standing  rule  durirg  the  season,  DRAFT  :  The  brokers  did  not  feel  empowered  to  allow,  and  in  consequence  some  steps  to  effect  the  alteration  desired  have  been  taken,  and  many  parties  interested  in  the  trade  have  signed  the  requisition  on  the  subject,  which  is  being  got  up,  to  the  effect  that  without  this  allowance  they  will  decline  purchasing.  We  trust  to  see  the  matter  satisfactorily  settled  before  the  next  week.  The  new  clip  only  comes  forward  very  slowly,  and  our  quotations  for  it  aro  nominally  at  our  last  rates;  the  favourable  advices  of  the  July  sales  have,  however,  made  more  inquiry,  and  some  fair  lots  of  scoured,  &amp;c,  wools,  offered  by  auction  on  the  11th,  were  knocked  down  at  an  advance  on  last  season  of  Id  to  lid  per  lb.  TALLOW  AND  HIDES  :  We  have  had  more  inquiry  for  tallow  for  local  use,  and  a  good  sample  is  worth  £4O  per  ton;  in  hidcs  we  have  no  change  to  note.  Freights  id  per  lb  on  wool  to  London  or  Liverpool.  J.  H.  CLODGII  &amp;  CO.  FATAL  AND  DISTRESSING  ACCIDENT  —On  Monday  a  most  afflicting  accident,  the  fatal  consequences  of  which  have  plunged  a  most  estimable  clergyman,  the  Rev.  Mr.  St.  George,  rector  of  St.  Paul's  parish,  Cork,  and  his  family,  into  profound  grief,  occurred  at  the  Little  Island,  where  the  reverend  gentleman  has  resided  for  some  time  past.  The  particulars  are  these  :—Mr.  St.  George.  accompanied  by  his  second  son,  a  fine  manly  boy  of  about  fifteen  years  of  age,  who  was  about  to  enter  the  royal  navy,  had  been  out  in  a  small  boat  in  Foaty  bay,  and  had  in  the  boat  a  gun,  with  which  the  young  lad  had  amused  himself  shooting  waterfowl.  They  had  returned  to  the  island  and  landed,  and  Master  St.  George  was  in  the  act  of  taking  the  loaded  gun  from  the  boat,  when,  owing  to  the  trigger  being  caught  by  some something  thing something  on  board,  it  went  off,  and,  melancholy  to  relate,  the  entire  charge  passed  through  his  body,  causing,  we  under understand,  stand, understand,  his  immediate  death,  in  the  presence  of  his  agonised  father.—  Cork  Reporter.  A  BARON  AND  AN  HEIRESS.—A  man  calling  him himself  self himself  Baron  de  Selhausen,  was  tried  on  Saturday  by  the  Paris  Tribunal  of  Correctional  Police  for  swindling.  The  following  facts  were  stated  :—ln  the  evening  of  the  25th  of  October  last,  a  family  of  distinction,  residing  in  the  Chaussee  d'Antin,  gave  a  grand  banquet  in  honour  of  the  signing  of  a  contract  for  the  marriage  of  their  daughter,  a  young  lady  of  great  beauty,  and  possessed  of  not  less  than  28,C00fr.  a  year,  with  Louis  Elie  Adolphus,  Baron  de  Selhausen,  a  young  man  of  twenty-five,  chief  of  one  of  the  most  ancient  and  distinguished  baronial  houses  of  the  province  of  Silesia.  In  the  midst  of  the  banquet,  a  rude-looking  stranger  arrived,  and  demanded  to  see  the  baron.  The  concierge  told  him  that:  on  account  of  the  joyful  event  of  the  day,  the  family  had  given  orders  that  no  visitors  should  be  admitted.  The  stranger  insisted,  and  the  concierge  getting  angry  threatened  to  turn  him  out  by  force.  At  length,  after  a  good  deal  of  altercation,  the  stranger  espied  a  large  bell,  and  began  ringing  it  furiously.  This  drew  all  the  inhabitants  of  the  house  to  the  windows,  and  the  man  then  cried  in  a  loud  voice  that  he  wanted  to  see  Baron  de  Selhausen—  at  the  same  time  threatening  to  ring  the  bell  until  his  request  should  be  complied  with.  The  concierge  at  last  allowed  him  to  go  up  stairs  to  the  f  am  ily  with  whom  the  baron  was.  Stalking  into  the  middle  of  the  room,  the  man  cried  out  My  name  is  Bozeluc,  and  I  let  out  carriages  for  hire.  I  have  let  out  carriages  to  the  Baron  de  Selhausen,  and  he  owes  me  700  fr.  ;  but  he  will  never  pay  me,  for  he  is  a  swindler,  and  not  a  baron  at  all  !  lam  not  the  only  man  he  has  cheated—tailors,  glovers,  hotel-keepers, STYLE=superscript  upholsterers,  painters,  gilders,  all  sorts  of  tradesmen,  in  _fact,  have  been  swindled  by  him  !  Good  added  Bozeluc  solemnly,  turning  to  the  young  lady's  parents,  you  had  better  put  off  the  marriage,  for  I  tell  you  again  the  man  is  no  baron,  but  a  The  marriage  was  post postponed,  poned, postponed,  and  the  soi.disont  baron  was,  after  some  explana explanation,  tion, explanation,  handed  over  to  the  custody  of  the  police,  until  inquiries  could  be  made  about  him.  It  was  then  ascer ascertained  tained ascertained  that,  instead  of  being  a  baron  and  a  German,  he  was  only  the  son  of  a  ruined  tradesman  of  the  Ile  de  la  Reunion  (Bourbon)  ;  that  be  had  come  to  Paris  to  accept  a  place  as  clerk  in  a  bank  ;  and  that,  finding  his  salary  insufficient,  he  had  takes  to  swindling,  and  had  carried  it  on  with  such  skill  that  he  not  only  made  a  vast  number  of  dupes,  but  contrived  to  gain  access  to  very  good  society.  It  further  appeared  that,  though  without  a  farthing  he  could  honestly  call  his  own,  he  occupied,  when  arrested,  an  apartment  of  6,000  fr.  a  year  in  the  Rue  de  la  Victoire,  and  bad  caused  it  to  be  furnished  in  the  most  sumptuous  style  on  credit;  also,  that  he  had  a  house  at  Ville  d'Avray,  which  he  had  undertaken  to  purchase  for  180,000  fr.;  and  that  he.  had  a  train  domestics  in  splendid  liveries,  horses,  carriages,  &amp;c.  The  soi-disant  baron,  when  called  on  for  his  defence,  said  that  he  had  nothing  to  say,  and  the  Tribunal  sen sentenced  tenced sentenced  him  to  two  years'  imprisonment  and  50fr.  fine.—  Galignasi."
