text
"DIE  PRESTON  STRIKE.  ADDRESS  FROM  THE  MASTERS'  ASSOCIATION.  PRESTON,  WEDNESDAY.  —The  subjoined  address  from  the  Associated  Masters  of  Preston,  and  the  neighbourhood,  has  been  placarded  on  the  walls  of  the  town  to-day.  The  closing  statement,  that  the  dispute  appears  as  far  off  a  settlement  as  may  be  regarded  as  a  prelude  to  the  proceedings  of  the  adjourned  meeting  of  the  association  to  be  held  to-mor to-morrow.  row. to-morrow.  It  is  reported  that  that  meeting  is  to  be  again  ad adjourned  journed adjourned  ;  some  say  for  a  month,  others  for  three  months.  On  the  other  hand,  it  is  rumoured  that  some  of  the  masters  are  anxious  to  try  the  effect  of  ringing  the  factory  bells  at  the  prices  of  March  last  :  TO  THE  PUBLIC.  In  consequence  of  the  various  misrepresentations  which  have  been  so  unblushingly  put  forth  by  men  who  are  the  acknowledged  leaders  of  the  workpeople  in  the  present  struggle  with  their  employers,  we  feel  it  to  be  a  duty  to  our ourselves  selves ourselves  and  the  public,  to  make  a  few  observations,  and  to  state  a  few  facts  in  reference  thereto  ;  and  we  offer  these  observations  more  especially  to  the  attention  of  those  who  have  - STYLE=superscript  only  an  imperfect  acquaintance  with  the  factory  sys system,  tem, system,  as  well  as  to  the  factory  operatives  in  this  and  other  districts,  whose  sympathies  and  aid  are  solicited  on  behalf  of  the  hands  on  strike  in  this  town  and  neighbourhood,  and  who  are  liable  to  be  misled  by  the  exparte  statements  of  those  whose  interests  it  is  indefinitely  to  prolong  the  strife.  will  not  condescend  to  notice  the  various  calumnies  which  are  daily  applied  to  the  masters,  believing  that  the  great  majority  of  the  workpeople  have  no  sympathy  with  such  sentiments,  and  that  the  general  character  of  the  em employers  ployers employers  in  Preston  needs  not  fear  a  comparison  with  those  of  other  districts.  Neither  do  we  thiuk  it  necessary  again  to  enter  at  large  into  the  origin  of  the  dispute  further  than  to  state  our  belief  that  the  differences  which,  in  the  first  instances  existed,  would  have  been  arranged  and  would  not  have  resulted  in  a  general  stoppage  of  the  mills,  had  it  not  been  for  the  improper  interference  of  strangers  between  the  masters  and  their  hands.  It  is  alleged  that  the  workpeople  are  locked  and  4.1,.....fi1rA,imab1e  to  work,  if  disposed,  and  that  the  mestere  want  to'  starve  them  but  it  is  not  stated  that  the  closing  of  the  mills  was  only  resortea  Lip  art,.  4.1—,  hands  in  several  of  them  had  struck  work,  or  had  given  notice  to  that  effect,  although  an  advance  of  ten  per  cent.  had  been  offered  them  in  August  last  upon  the  wages  paid  in  1852.  The  cases  in  which  the  strike  originated  were  carefully  investigated  by  the  committee  of  the  masters'  association,  and  it  was  found  that  the  differences  between  the  demands  of  the  operatives  and  the  offers  of  their  employ employers  ers employers  were  so  exceedingly  small,  that  a  more  important  ques question  tion question  than  that  of  wages  was  involved,  and  that  these  firms  were  to  be  made  the  victims  of  an  organised  combination,  whose  avowed  object  was  to  take  the  masters  in  succession,  and  compel  them  to  accept  the  terms  of  the  unionists.  now  come  to  the  question  of  wages,  about  which  so  much  has  been  said  with  a  view  of  misleading  the  public.  The  leaders  of  this  agitation  affirm  that  several  reductions  of  wages  have  taken  place  from  time  to  time  ;  but  they  refer  more  particularly  to  that  in  1847,  and  to  a  promise  stated  to  have  been  made  by  the  masters  to  give  a  corresponding  advance  when  trade  revived,  as  a  justification  of  their  demand  for  an  advance  of  ten  per  cent.  We  at  once  admit  that  owing  to  the  depressed  state  of  trade  in  1847  a  general  reduction  of  wages  took  place  in  the  latter  part  of  that  year,  or  early  in  1848.  We  deny,  however,  that  any  such  promise  was  made  by  the  masters  generally,  although  this  might  have  been  done  by  some  individual  firms.  Before  proceeding  further  it  is  necessary  to  explain  that  most  of  the  work  done  in  fac factories  tories factories  is  piecework,  and  that  the  prices  paid  are  in  all  cases  regulated  by  the  quality  of  raw  material,  and  the  state  of  the  machinery.  For  instance,  where  the  machinery  is  old,  there  may  be  a  high  rate  of  piece  -work  and  the  weekly  earnings  low  ;  and  where  the  machinery  is  modern,  and  embraces  all  the  modern  improvements,  there  may  be  a  lower  rate  of  piecework  - STYLE=superscript  and  the  earnings  comparatively  high,  without  any  extra  exertion  on  the  part  of  the  hands.  Being  anxious  to  ascertain  the  difference  (if  any)  between  the  earnings  of  the  various  classes  of  operatives  in  1847  before  the  above-mentioned  reduction  took  place,  and  those  in  the  summer  of  1853,  before  the  10  per  cent.  was  demanded,  we  find,  from  the  returns  furnished  us  from  the  wages  hooks  of  several  largo  and  influential  firms,  that  instead  of  any  decrease  there  has  been  an  actual  increase,  'varying  from  3  to  30  per  cent.,  after  making  due  allowance  for  the  difference  in  the  hours  of  labour  from  69  to  60  hours  per  week.  We  have  not  thought  it  necessary  to  extend  these  inquiries,  not  having  the  slightest  doubt  that,  if  the  average  of  all  the  mills  now  closed  had  been  taken,  the  result  would  have  been  the  same.  We  take  this  opportunity  of  stating,  for  the  information  of  those  persons  whose  aid  and  contributions  are  solicited  for  the  hands,  that  in  a  well  regulated  spinning  and  weaving  establishment,  the  weekly  earnings  of  men  employed  therein  vary  from  12s.  to  355.  ;  women  and  young  persons  from  7s.  6d.  to  155.;  and  children  from  4s.  6d.,  according  to  the  nature  of  the  employ employment  ment employment  and  the  diligence  and  ability  of  the  worker  ;  and  that  the  average  of  all  classes  of  hands  in  such  an  establishment  is  about  10s.  each.  In  reference  to  the  statements  so  frequently  made,  that  the  wages  paid  in  Preston  aro  much  lower  than  in  other  towns,  the  fact  that  this  town  has  hitherto  been  well  supplied  with  good  hands  sufficiently  refutes  these  assertions,  which  are  put  forth  without  any  proof  whatever.  In  corroboration  of  the  above,  we  would  refer  to  the  letters  of  three  masters,  in  the  Preston  Chronicle  of  the  24th  instant,  respecting  their  own  cases,  and  which,  we  feel  assured,  could  be  supported  by  many  others  of  a  similar  kind  ;  but  these  prove  that  wages  are  not  generally  lower  here  than  elsewhere.  After  the  continuance  of  this  struggle  for  upwards  of  ten  weeks,  the  operatives  still  persist  in  their  demands,  and  evince  the  same  indisposition  to  return  to  work,  although  the  masters  have  declared  their  willingness  to  receive  applications,  and  as  soon  as  they  were  sufficiently  numerous  to  enable  them  to  open  ,  their  mills,  immediate  steps  would  be  taken  to  that  ¢l  'et.  No  a.plieations  of  any  consequence  and  the  dis dis„tte  „tte dis„tte  appears  a  3  far  off  settle.alafit'as  ever.—By  order  of  the  ....  -  committee,  JOHN  HUMBER,  Sec.  pro.  tem.  Dec.  27,  Dr.  Grant,  of  St.  Mary's,  Edinburgh,  will  be  named  moder moderator  ator moderator  of  the  next  general  assembly  of  the  Established  Church  Cholera  is  fast  disappearing  from  the  neighbourhood  of  Airdrie.  AMERICAN  MAIL  STEAMER  BALTIC.—The  American  steamer  of  Collins'  line,  which  would  have  sailed  yesterday,  was  neaped  in  the  Huskisson  dock,  in  consequence  of  the  N.B.  wind  having  cut  off  the  tide.  She  intends  sailing  this  morning.  THE  BRITISH  QUEEN.—This  splendid  ship,  being  laden  with  cotton  at  Bombay  on  the  28th  ult.,  and  just  about  to  sail,  was  found  to  be  on  fire.  The  fire  was,  however,  got  under,  with  20  bales  destroyed.  The  fire  was  the  work  of  an  incendiary.  MUTINY  IN  THE  FLAG-SHIP  AT  CHINA.— hear  there  has  been  a  mutiny  on  board  the  flag-ship.  It  seems  that  on  the  men,  who  had  not  had  liberty  for  18  months,  sent  in  a  petition  on  the  subject  to  Admiral  Pellew,  who  immediately  ordered  the  ship  to  be  got  ready  for  sea.  In  the  evening  there  was  a  noise  below,  when  the  drum  was  beat  to  quarters,  and  some  of  the  men  refused  to  come  on  deck,  upon  which  the  officers  were  ordered  to  com compel  pel compel  them  at  the  point  of  the  sword,  and  in  doing  so  several  of  the  men  were  severely  wounded.  CANADIAN  RAILWAYS.—The  Great  Western  will  be  opened  through  from  Windsor  to  Hamilton  on  the  second  of  next  month.  The  Grand  Trunk  between  Montreal  and  Portland,  which  had  been  partially  closed  since  the  first  of  October,  was  to  be  re-opened  on  the  15th  inscant.  The  mileage  of  the  Great  Western  is  220  miles  ;  that  of  the  Grand  Trunk  from  Montreal  to  Portland  292.  In  addition  to  these  lines  there  are  also  open  in  Canada,  the  Montreal  and  Moer's  Junction  Railway,  30  miles  in  length,  the  St.  Lawrence  and  Champlain  45  miles,  and  the  Ontario  and  Simcoe  42  miles.  This  last  is  on  the  national  or  5  feet  6-  inch  gauge,  which  is  the  gauge  of  the  Great  Western  and  Grand  Trunk.  The  Montreal  and  Moer's  Junction,  and  the  St.  Lawrence  and  Champlain  are  4  feet  81  inches.  The  great  chess  match  between  Harrwitz  and  Lowenthal,  in  London,  lasted  thirteen  weeks,  and  was  only  concluded  at  ten  o'clock  on  Wednesday  night.  The  score  at  the  close  stood  as  follows  .—Harrwitz  11,  Lowenthal  10,  (including  the  2  given  to  him,  owing  to  the  absence  of  his  opponent  from  indisposition)  ;  drawn  12—total  number  of  games  played  31.  Mr.  Harrwitz  is  now  to  try  his  strength  with  Mr.  Staunton.  MELANCHOLY  DEATH  AT  SELEY.-It  appears  that  Mr.  William  Lapish,  the  brewer,  at  Mr.  Danby's  brewery,  had,  as  was  usual,  entered  the  brewery  about  seven  o'clock  in  the  morning,  to  attend  to  the  working  of  the  liquor  (about  400  gallons)  in  a  stone  vat.  About  eight  o'clock,  Mr.  Joseph  Midgley,  who  resides.  on  the  premises,  had  his  atten attention  tion attention  called  by  a  noise  of  persons  in  the  yard.  He  went  ini,o  the  brewery,  and  not  finding  the  deceased  as  he  expected,  he  caused  a  minute  search  to  be  made,  and  ultimately  found  the  deceased  submerged  in  the  vat  of  liquor,  quite  dead.  It  is  supposed  that  the  deceased  had  overbalanced  himself  and  fallen  head  foremost  into  the  liquor,  which  was  about  forty-seven  inch  es  i  n  d  e  pth.  Th  e  deceased  was  thirty  years  of  age,  and  has  left  a  widow  and  four  children  to  lament  his  untimely  death.—Yorkshire  Gazette.  DErnEnAaioNs  BY  14  4 STYLE=superscript  'oxzs.—A  short  time  since,  the  foxes  in  the  extensive  preserve  of  Viscount  Beresford,  at  Goudhurst,  made  depredations  upon  the  turkeys—out  of  138,  in  one  night  they  destroyed  23  full  grown  ones.  In  consequence  of  the  snow  the  keepers  have  been  able  to  trace  them,  and  on  Friday  last  orders  were  given  that  the  wood  should  be  scoured  for  their  destruction.  Accordingly,  about  thirty  MCA  with  guns,  and  several  men  as  beaters,  commenced  their  per perambulations,  ambulations, perambulations,  but  during  the  day  they  only  succeeded  in  de destroying  stroying destroying  one  and  moving  another,  It  is  generally  supposed  that  they  are  some  of  the  same  that  were  turned  down,  being  (imported  from  France)  in  and  about  Battle.  —Dover  Chro Chronicle.  nicle. Chronicle.  EXTRAORDINARY  DISCOVERY.—A  few  days  ago  a  brick bricklayer,  layer, bricklayer,  employed  to  repair  the  fire-place  of  a  cottage  at  Ditchling,  a  village  about  a  mile  and  a  half  from  the  Hassock's-gate  station,  on  the  Brighton  railway,  discovered  the  bodies,  or  rather  the  skeletons,  of  five  infants.  The  house  had  been  tenanted  for  fourteen  or  fifteen  years  by  a  woman  who  had  recently  been  married  to  a  person  named  Maitland,  and  who  is  the  mother  of  two  illegitimate  children  still  living.  Th  e  ne  i  g  hb  ors  d  epose  d  to  a  num  b  er  o  f  very  suspicious  circumstances,  but  the  bodies  being  too  decomposed  to  enable  the  professional  witnesses  to  state  with  certainty  whether  the  children  had  been  born  alive,  the  coroner's  jury,  on  Saturday,  returned  an  open  verdict.  The  magis magistrates  trates magistrates  examined  the  woman  yesterday,  and  remanded  her."
