text
"_  THI4I  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  •  ,  _  LIVERPOOL  FEMALE  ORPHAN  ASYLUM  THE  WEST  INDIES  des  subject  to  heavy  duty  are  therefore  much  firmer,  and  Cormponifenct.  POLICE  COURT.-YESTERDAY.  LIVERPOOL  MARICETS.-Yzamana  r. STYLE=superscript  MYRTLE-STREET.  •  prices  generally  have  been  well  supported.  -.  -  it  is  said,  have  been  issued  by  his  Excellency  EARLY  CLOSING.  Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  Dila,  11°. STYLE=superscript  '  to:  st*  -  CommirrALs.-11•ank  MiCullagh,  charged  on  Tuesday  with  feloniously  entering  the  bed-room  of  Mrs.  Luff  SUGAR.-There  has  been  rather  more  doing  to-daYs  In  our  impression  of  yesterday  we  announced  the  the  Governor  to  the  Customs  department,  both  at  Kingston  St.  Lu  c STYLE=superscript  '1  The  annual  examination  of  the  inmates  . STYLE=superscript  Of  this  Institu-  arrival  of  the  West  India  Mail  Steamer  Magdalena,  and  the  outports,  to  discontinue  the  fees  on  vessels  arriving,  p  p  revious  rates  •  the  sales  comprising  160  hhds  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  Regent's-road,  and  who  had  been  six  times  before  cora coration  tion coration  took  place  on  yesterday,  the  Mayor,  S.  HoLmE,  Esq.,  at  Southampton.  We  now  annex  the  details  of  the  usually  paid  to  the  Island  secretary.  ROBBING  A  Tu.-Thomas  Wilson  was  committed  for  small  lot  of  Porto  Rico,  at  345;  and  1,200  bap  1 STYLE=superscript  30  s  9d  to  338  ' STYLE=superscript  3d.  ;  550  bags  Benarcs  at  36s  6d  to  t  :  3  ;  o  ie  i  presiding.  news  received  by  her.  Her  dates  are-Vera  Cruz,  parcels  are  taken  at  355.  to  365.  per  to  ne  1  „  .  h  SIR,-I  have  read  Mr.  FOLEY'S  letter  in  reply  to  mitted,  was  yesterday  sent  to  gaol  for  three  months.  trial  to  the  sessions,  charged  by  Mr.  Tolman  victualler,  of  '  Anfong  the  ladies  and  gentlemen  present  were,  Mrs.  which  appeared  in  your  num num,  , num,  f  p  Eldon-street,  with  stealing  11  Is.  out  of  his  ' STYLE=superscript  till.  He  found  gene,  at  19s  per  cwt.  llolnie.  sen.,  Mrs.  Holum  and  Miss  Home,  Mrs.  Anthony,  Oct.  5;  Tampico,  Sept.  30  ;  Havannah,  Oct.  11  ;  ,  100  lb.  stock  keeps  low,  and  prices  are  advanoing.  ber  of  Monday,  and  if  what  he  states  be  the  fact,  prisoner  stretched  over  his  counter,  and  in  the  act  of  taking  Of  MOLASSES  we  have  only  to  notice  a  small  parc  el STYLE=superscript  °  l'  Santa  Martha,  Sept.  23;  Graytown,  (Mosq.)  Oct.  7  ;  and  I  have  no  reason  to  doubt  him),  in  reference  -  tigua  tl7  3d  lady  President;  Mrs.  Askin,  Miss  Askin,  Miss  Bonner,  have  been  sales  for  home  use  of  proof  18  at  3s.  6d.  (  the  money.  ue  T  d  h  a  e  n  la  d  latter  d  inr  um  et  i  t  th  ely  xl  m  s  a  i  d  o  e  s.  aw  on  ay  h  ,  is  an  p  d  ers  pr  o  o  n  -  .  a  8  per  c  w  t  .  Mrs.  Hesketh,  Mrs.  Higham,  Mrs.  Kendal  and  pupils,  Mrs.  Chagres,  •  Oct  9;  Carthagena,  Oct.  11  ;  Kingston,  and  for  export,  same  strength,  at  2s.  9d.  per  gallon.  .Hold-  to  the  reply  made  by  No.  in  the  old-  Herington  and  pupils,  Miss  Cruse,  and  many  other  ladies  (Jamaica)  Oct  12  ;  Jacmel,  (Hayti)  Oct.  13  ;  Porto  ers  .  of  export  parcels  are  now  asking  3s.  established  concern  in  Bold  I  unhesitatingly  No  sales  have  transpired  in  COFFEE,  nor  has  a  1  '1  whose  names  we  could  not  ascertain.  Rev.  W.  Hesketh,  Rico,  Oct.  15'  Be  Sugars.-Large  supplies  and  scarcity  of  tonnage  have  say,  that  the  association  were  justified  in  holding  a  cash-box  from  her  mistress,  Mrs.  Leigh,  of  movement  taken  place  in  the  RICE  market.  set°  A  ' STYLE=superscript  few  puncheons  of  Demarara  Rum  brought  provieu  fg  oi  .  rbice,  Oct.  8  ;  Georgetown,  (De-  Rev.  W.  Banister,  Rev.  H.  H.  Higgins,  Wm.  M'Crackan,  merara)  Oct.  10;  Tobago,  Oct.  12;  Barbadoes,  Oct.  rendered  this  article  inactive  even  at  the  reduced  rates  of  u  that  J„  ,  g  A  VALUABLE  SERVANT.-Bridget  Silver  was  charged  pat  EAGLE  OF  INHUMANITY  r  0  the  scorn,  con-  with  stea  lin STYLE=superscript  g STYLE=superscript  ßack  Bittern-street,  and  taking  from  it  3s.  Bd.  The  box  „  ia  •  ,  ;  Esq.,  H.  Bonner,  En.,  H.  F.  Browne,  Esq.,  and  -8;  •  Trinida.d,  Oct.  12;  Grenada,  Oct.  13;  Carriacoa,  15s.  to  19s.  per  100.  tempt,  and  odium  of  the  public.  ex  and  offers  have  b  ee  n  e  ii  /  0 STYLE=superscript  ,  co  T  og  a  o  A  o  .  ,  -The  trade  have  been  occupied  with  the  nos  ,  f,i  •  11  Barton,  Esq.  Oct.  13;  St.  Vincent's,  Oct.  13;  St.  Lucia,  Oct,  14;  sales  have  transpired.  considerable  parcels,  at  prices  fully  equal  to  those  r  I  have  waited  a  few  days  in  expectation  of  find-  belonged  to  prosecutrix's  children.  The  prosecutrix  stated  London;  rather  less  doing  in  congeals,  at  18  gid  Per).,,,,  b STYLE=superscript  '  .00  The  children  were  ranged  round  the  school  room,  and  Martinique,  Oct.  14;  Guadeloupe,  Oct.  14;  Domi-  on  London.-Colonial  and  Jamaica  Bank,  ing  some  person  more  competent  than  I  am,  to  that  she  took  the  prisoner  as  servant;  she  had  lost  ten  their  extreme  cleanliness,  and  healthy  appearance,  not  less  nice.,  Oct.  15  ;  Antigua,  Oct.  15  ;  Montseitat,  Oct.  90  days,  1  per  cent.  premium  ;60  days  le  per  cent.  pr  hazard  an.  advice  as  to  the  steps  that  should  be  Pounds  in  cash  from  time  to  time.  COTTON.-We  have  no  change  to  notice  in  any  acee  0  10  Tbs  than  their  subsequent  answering  in  the  Holy  Scriptures  ,  15'  Nevis  Oct.  15;  St.  Kitt's,  Oct.  15;  Tortola,  30  days,  2  per  cent,  taken  to  hurl  back  with  disgrace  the  foul  calumny  Magistrate:  Did  you  get  a  character  with  prisoner?  to-day,  the  market  being  precisely  as  on  Monday.  ._  9  are  6,000  bales,  1,000  having  been  taken  on  specu  l  a  tion  a  p  English  history,  &amp;c.,  bore  ample  testimony  to  the  care  and  The  accounts  from  Demerara  are  politically  un unsought  sought unsought  to  be  fixed  on  a  body  of  men,  most  of  whom  Prosecut  •  :  .No  Sir.  attention  with  which  the  Institution,  in  its  every  depart-  Oct.  16  ;  Si.  Thomas's,  Oct.  16.  sales  include  500  Surats,  8d  to  4d  ;  500  Egyptians,  'T  0  During  the  homeward  voyage  the  Magdalena  ex-  important,  no  meeting  of  the  Legislature  having  Magistrate:  And  what  wages  did  you  give  her?  ment  is  managed.  The  proceedings  were  opened  with  -  areb  b  oth  b  irth  d  ,  ot  y  trt  an  e  du  cat  io  n,  far,  FAR  superior  Prosecutrix  :  one  shilling  a-week  and  her  keep.  9d;  100  Mamnhams,  64d  to  8d  ;30  Persians,  6 STYLE=superscript  ,  prayer,  and  after  the  children  had  read  a  few  chapters  of  Perienced  very  heavy  weather,  having  met  with  a  taken  place.  From  the  interior,  the  complaint  was  to  their  foul  calumniator.  Nobody  has  come  for-  Bahias  6'd  si  hick  '  The  magistrate  said  that  persons  who  took  servants  without  '  4 STYLE=superscript  •  the  scriptures,  Mrs.  Bonner  examined  them  at  some  length  succession  of  fresh  gales,  with  a  heavy  swell  frona  universal  that  the  canes  were  not  yielding  well,  and  ward  to  do  so;  then  I  would  throw  out  a  suggestion,  characters,  because  they  got  them  for  next  to  nothing  The  business  at  auction  to-day  was  confined  t  ii  ,  er  on  the  chronology  of  the  first  ages.  They  were  also  ex-  the  eastward.  On  the  26th  ult.  the  wind  shifted  the  crops  would  therefore  be  shortened.  The  pro prowhich,  which, prowhich,  to  my  mind,  appears  the  most  effectual  and  '  Argols  and  Tartars;  (both  of  which  articles  condo  s°,  00  1 STYLE=superscript  mined  by  •the  Rev.  Mr.  Hesketh,  and  his  worship,  the  round  to  S.S.W.,  with  a  strong  gale  and  a  con-  duce  was,  however,  greatly  ahead  of  former  years,  wand  and  from  their  scarcity  command  extreme  rates  , STYLE=superscript  '&#34;  honourable  mode  of  repelling  those  slanders.  deserved  to  be  robbed.  The  girl,  who  was  not  known  to  the  police,  was  remanded  '  Mayor,  on  the  history  and  geography  of  England,  and  siderable  sea.  She  brings  43 STYLE=superscript  Passengers,  and  on  and  the  average  per  acre  was  said  to  be  a  hogshead  20  casks  Tartar  were  disposed  of  at  144  s  to  1510  k  no  ll  ~  I  would  have  the  association  hold  a  public  meet-  for  seven  days.  multiplication,  and  the  answers  in  each  of  these  'branches  of  freight  specie  from  Tampico  value  65,014  dols.  and  and  three-quarters,  equal  to  a  ton  and  a-half  of  knowledge  were  thoroughly:correct.  The  examination  being  f  or  account  of  the  Mexican  bondh  o  ld  ers  28  ,134  dols,  sugar.  The  canes  for  next  year  were  in  the  highest  i  ng,  at  which  one  of  the  employors  should  take  the  Srlop-Lierneo.--.Tantes  Saville,  for  stealing  one  pound  of  and  at  115  s  to  1268  6d  f  or  b  rown  an  d  di  sco  l  oure  d;  chair;  of  course,  the  gentleman  who  so  kindly  soap  from  a  shop  window;  at  25,  Brownlow-hill,  was  corn-  0  rto  red  Ar  010,  chiefly  fine,  at  46s  to  46s  fld;  concluded,  Mr.  Bonner  requested  the  Mayor  to  distribute  the  the  total  value  from  the  Gulf  of  Mexico  being  degree  promising.  Trade  was  dull.  The  weather  108  '  d  s  at  1, STYLE=superscript  premiums,  observing  that  they  were  given  to  those  girls  93,148  dols.  No  silver  was  shipped  at  Vera  Cruz  the  was  extremely  hot,  and  fever  was  pretty  general  in  advised  the  deputation,  and  who,  in  turn,  was  nu  .  nutted  for  three  months.  Perugia  white,  at  1061  6d  to  s  .  an  cases  treated  to  a  dose  of  No.  2's&#34;  mixture  of  Catherine  Flynn  and  Brulg  .  •  et  Divitt,  charged  with  steal-  cwt;  also  6  chests  Bengal  Indigo,  at  5s  to  58  4d  Par  l STYLE=superscript  bje  b STYLE=superscript  'e  who,  in  addition  to  a  certain  excellence  in  scriptural  cate-  Avon  having  encountered  a  very  heavy  norther  while  the  colony,  although  yellow  fever  - STYLE=superscript  was  principally  bars  sae()  flour  ,  at  16s  6d  to  20s;  and  6°  eeo  chism,  were  also  well-behaved.  untruths  and  calumnies,  because  he  is  humane  and  honourabl  ing  a  watch  from  William  Simon,  watchmaker,  of  Egypt-  e•  e  '  lying  off  that  city,  which  continued  from  2  p.m.  of  confined  to  'the  shipping  and  .to  the  Colonial  Hos Hosstreet,  street, Hosstreet,  in  a  public-house  in  Thomas-street,  between  ten  Mendioca  flour,  at  19s  6d  per  cwt.  By  private!.  4 STYLE=superscript  (  ) STYLE=superscript  .,n  The  MAYOR,  before  performing  the  pleasing  duty  which  the  2nd  to  4  a.m.  of  the  sth  of  October  when  there  pital  Smallpox  has  also  been  prevalent.  One  or  ,  e,  should,  if  possible,  be  THE  employer  to  preside  at  the  meeting.  I  would  have  the  and  eleven.  o'clock  on  Tuee:day  night,  were  remanded.  Ehell  se  are  reported  at  45s  to  52s  per  cwt.  was  allotted  to  him,  feelingly  addressea  the  children.  He  was  a  tempormy  lull,  till  8  a.m.,  during  ' STYLE=superscript  which  time  two  a  . STYLE=superscript  rrivals  of  Portuguese  iramigrants  ,  had  taken.  The  prosecutor  swore,  that  being  in  the  house  he  was  slid  that  it  was  quite  possible  that  a  girl  might  have  been  an  secretar  of  the  association  write  to  as  man  as  eeceedingly  good  girl,  and  y  e  t  m  i  g  ht  not  have  had  sufficient  the  passengers  managed  to  get  on  board.  The  specie  place,  but  labour  was  still  greatly  in  demand,  and  y  struck  a  blow  from  behind,  and  then  robbed  by  the  two  pri-  Beef  ..  possible  of  the  e STYLE=superscript  leading  firms  in  the  kingdom,  who  soners.  The  watch  was  a  very  antique  one,  a  lever,  made  le  m  a  u  l  t  us  to  OF  ..  P  R  ..  0.  V  ..  I  .  SIONS  IN  S  .  T  .  ...T  fr  Or  n  :  ...  talent  to  have  acqu  ire  d  a  prize;  an  d  therefore  those  who  were  remaining  at  Vera  Cruz  will  therefore  be  shipped  in  Essequibo  the  planters  were  compelled  to  resort  can  ear  'testimony  to  .  the  improvement  in  the  by  Mr.  Sevellan  before  he  took  out  the  patent.  Prisoners  n  •  •'  *****  .  from  6  to  7.  4 STYLE=superscript  '•  '  •  s  Is  ,  conscious  that  they  had  done  the  best  in  theirpower  to  deserve  by  the  next  homeward  packet.  Veal  •  from  7  to  8  The  Magdalena  to  the  expedient  of  task  gangs.  The  steamer  morals  .  and  business  habits  of  the  assistants  gene-  saw  he  was  drunk  and  not  able  to  pay  for  some  ale  he  II  '  it,  if  they  did  not  obtain  the  Prize,  should  not  feel  dis-  also  brings  gold  dust  value  6,567/.,  and  gold  value  Rattlesnake,  intended  for  ferry  service,  had  arrived  Lamb  rally,  since  the  early  closing  came  into  operation,  ordered,  and  that  a  butcher  struck  him  before  the  prisoners  s  appointed;  but  they  should  endeavour  to  make  up  by  26,904/.  10s.,  besides  silver  ore  value  811.,  precious  at  Georgetown.  fore  quarter  ..  .....  .from  to  t  increased  industry  and  increased  diligence  for  the  want  and  their  replies  should  be  read  at  the  public  meeting.  When  this  evidence  goes  forth  on  the  took  the  watch,  hind  quarter  from  to  .  stones  value  739/.  and  platina  value  490/.  The  From  Trinidad,  our  advic  .  es  are  to  the  12th  .  ult.  Searrheater  INFORMA.TIONS.-Twenty-one  persons  were  .  from  83ItiAR  to  .  l STYLE=superscript  to  c.lT7 STYLE=superscript  :  l STYLE=superscript  PerYilib'' STYLE=superscript  of  that  talent  which  God,  in  his  mercy  and  his  impartial  freight  list  also  comprises  150  serons  of  cochineal,  At  a  meeting  of  the  Board  of  Council,the  following  evings  of  the  Press,  corroborated  as  it  will  be  by  fined  .  in  various  penalties  of  from  two  to  five  shillin  gs  for  Fresh  Pork  justice,  sometimes  gives  to  others.  They,  none  of  them,  r STYLE=superscript  Bret  .  possessed  the  same  degree  of  talent,  but  they  might  all  11  serous  of  indigo,  94  cases  of  cigars  12  bales  of  resolutions,  embracing  matters  of  considerable'  the  statements  of  the  truth-loving  employers  in  Liverpool,  what  a  pretty  predicament  keeping  pigs  in  the  following  localities:-et,  Mile-end,  Portland-street,  Turbot  ................from  •  .  from  6  4  ta  to  0  from  8  to  1  0  ``  '  os  ,  possess  the  same  degree  of  application  or  diligence.  And  tobacco.  9  casks  and  18  tierces  of  coffee,  53  bales  of  interest  to  the  financial  state  of  the  island,  were  im.  No.  1  and  of  this  old-established  concern  in  Botd-  Hill-street,  Tenterdon-street,  •  -  Sawney  - STYLE=superscript  Pope-street.  Anglesey-street,  Smithfield-street,  Soles  Cod  Fish  .  .  .  therefore,  he  wished  all  who  had.  not  succeeded  in  getting  sarsaparilla,  359  packages  of  pimento,  6  live  turtle,  passed  :-  a  prize  by  being  able  to  master  lessons  which  at  first  were  4  cases  of  tortoiseshell,  and  90  packages  of  sundries.  That  it  is-expedient  that  the  annual  expenses  of  will  be  in  i  How  slimy  th  •  iy  their  statement  will  Westmorland-street,  and  Northampton-street.  •  Fresh  Bntter.  ..  .  from  11  to  il  difficult,  would  make  up  their  minds  by  renewed  diligence,  The  subjoined  are  the  particulars  of  an  accident  A  number  of  persons  were  fined  in  penalties  varying  up  Salt  Ditto.  •  a  appear  !  .  .  .from  9  to  1  0  n  il  migration  should  for  the  future  be  defrayed  from  the  annual  to  ten  shillings  for  having  lodging-houses  unregistered  in  to  endeavour  to  obtain  such  a  prize  on  another  occasion,  to  the  Royal  mail  steam-ship  Conwayt  St.  Kitt's,  revenues  of  the  colony,  and  not  from  moneys  raised  by  way  trail  of  the  .serpent  is  over  it  all  Albert-street  Park.  Egg  5.......  .........  .......  ......from  70  to  per  1. STYLE=superscript  1,  ec  o  e  intercol  There  was  a  thing  called  competition  in  the  world,  which  which  led  to  some  derangement  f  the  •  onial  of  loan.  Potatoes  from  1  0  to  1  4  per  e  e  That  it  is  expedient  that  the  d  u  ti  es  on  ru  m  and  Assistants,  be  up  and  at  them!  Meet  in  strong  The  following  is  a  list  of  persons  fined  for  keeping  pigs pigswas  was pigswas  an  exceedingly  good  thing,  because  it  tended  to  in-  mails  in  the  West  Indies  :-  Filberts  '  •  from  20  to  per  ice  crease  their  diligence,  and  make  them  much  more  indu.s-  ,  other  spirits  manufactured  and  consumed  in  the  colony,  and  numbers-be  unanimous,  for  is  strength.  Samuel  Daniels,  ss.  and  costs  ;  Thomas  Lloyd,  2s.  6d.  and  After  the  Magdalena  s  arrival  at  St.  Thomas's  from  1  0  to  .Si  trious  than  they  otherwsse  would  be.  Ti  r STYLE=superscript  hen  a  man  went  from  England,  on  the  2d  of  October,  she  despatched  the  duties  on  wine  and  spirits  imported  into  this  colony  be  Prove  that  you  have  been  maligned  and  falsified.  costs;  Thomas  Archdale,  2s.  6d.  and  costs;  Thomas  Waoe  Grapes,  Foreign  .  •  •  English.  .  ..  from  2  0  to  2  6  I  ,  1  0/e.  raised  to  double  the  amount  of  the  presenttates.  Prove  that,  t  n  o  l  u  e  g  n  il_y_o  n  i  ll  ize  w  r  o  t  f  v  c  i  tir  i  vez  employers,  into  the  world,  he  found  great  competition,  and  he  •  quiet  to  be  stamped  as  dissipated  characters,  staff,  2s.  6d.  and  costs;  Hugh  O'Donnell,  6s.  and  costs,°  Fowls  .  •  .  ..from  28to  3  0  per  eOe'  the  mtercolonial  packets,  the  Tee  4 STYLE=superscript  ,eot  and  Conway,  That  it  is  expedient  that  the  revenue  to  be  raised  sleeiNireeirEsnestilziiiii;  that  John  Trelve,  ss.  and  costs  ;  Mary  Greenall,  2s.  6d.  and  worked  the  harder,  in  consequence,  to  enable  him  to  surpass  ek  Ducks  •  from  30to  4  6  his  fellows;  and  the  same  principle  though  not  quite  the  both  starting  together  on  their  respective  routes,  from  the  duties  on  rum  and  other  spirits  manufactured  and  quiet  11  1  11  1  ..  it  Is  n  t  a  he  ~evhe  costs;  James  Valentine.  2s.  6d.  and  costs;  Edward  May-  Chickens...,  same  thing,  was  contained  in  a  school  like  that  whose  carrying  mails  and  passengers;  the  former  for  consumed  in  •  the  colony,  after  deducting  the  expenses  of  are  under  the  wings  of  that  protection  which  birth-right.t/Te)  i  nm  e  n,  2s.  6d.  and  costs;  Peter  Standish,  2s.  6d.  and  costs,  Geese.  •  .  ....  from  3  6  to  5  0  pupils  he  was  addressing.  With  little  girls  there  might  be  Jamaica,  the  latter  for  the  Windward  Group.  The  collection,  be  appropriated-first,  to  making  good  the  annu  British  Constituti.  guarantees  to  all.  omits  Whiteside,  2s.  6d.  and  costs;  George  Bromley,  for  Turkeys  ...  a  competition,  not,  however,  for  the  purpose  of  endeavour-  Conway  had  on  board  37  passengers,  including  Mr.  charge  for  the  interest  and  sinking  funds,  in  respect  of  the  I  am,  Mr.  Editor,  with  thanks  for  your  advocacy  ai  ci  e  .  i:  o  g  st  r  ,  t  ii  h  v  e  n  ;v  .  r  fr  o  h  ng  orn  s  l  i  e  d  y  e  ,  iz  r  l  t  c  eztilr:ffevnizifi.3..e.  James-  ltabbits.  .  •'  -  ....  from  1  8  to  2  2  per  on  .  l STYLE=superscript  .  l STYLE=superscript  •  r STYLE=superscript  e  t  ing  to  rival  one  another  ;  but  it  should  be  a  kind  compe-  Mackintosh,  the  Governor-General,  and  Mr.  Drum  three  sums  of  175,000,  100,000,  and  25,000  sterling,  taken  :n  d  cl  is  zt  s  sd  ng  pe:  j  e  l  r  eir  Smith,  carter,  and  Strawbearies  . STYLE=superscript  •  ..from  .  to  per  i11,,',7  ,  up  under  the  authority  of  the  ordinances  No.  5,  of  1847  ;  awn,  in  which  they  should  be  glad  to  assist  each  mond  Hay,  Lieutenant-Governor  of  the  Leeward  Asparagus  .  from  to  per  -  •  of  1863  ;  and  the  next  to  the  No.  14,  1800  ,  and  No.  9,  horses,  by  over overh.  h. overh.  other.  And  those  who  were  successful  in  obtaining  a  Islands,  returning  from  Tortola  to  the  seat  of  go-  of  early  closing,  s  j  t  c  r  a  e  l  e  n  t,  Cucumbers  _4  expenses  of  imm  igration.  loading  them,  was  fined  ss.  and  costs;  John  Jones,  John  prize,  should  not  be  elevated,  and  think  they  had  enjoyed  vernment  at  Antigua.  The  Conway  proceeded  no  Ort  le STYLE=superscript  C  :l STYLE=superscript  2t  a STYLE=superscript  e:  c STYLE=superscript  l  Gooseberries,  .  .from  to  per  VI,  '4.  That  it  is  expedient  that  the  annual  duty  payable  to  ONE  OF  THE  Goss,  and  Thomas  Williams,  were  each  fined  2s.  6d.  and  a  triumph  over  those  who  had  not  got  one  •  but  rather  ,  further  than.  St.  Kitt's,  there  unfortunately  striking  her  Mit'est  b  - STYLE=superscript  the  employers  of  n  •  '  b  h  d  1.4  . STYLE=superscript  1  N  ew  Immigrants  e  c  arge  iverpoo  ,  ov.  2,  1853.  Peas  costs,  for  loitering  in  Lime-street  with  their  spring  carts  ;  c  ta  from  to  per  Pec:  A  ,  they  should  be  desirous  that  those  who  have  not  been  ,  the  ground  at  the  south-western  extremity  of  the  t  suchrate  Y STYLE=superscript  11  throw  the  particular  .from  to  rer  qui quiemployers  employers quiemployers  of  John  Smith,  a  draper  in  St.  James's-place,  for  allowing  nine  ur STYLE=superscript  f  an STYLE=superscript  successful  that  time,  should  be  successful  on  the  island,  on  the  Belle  Tete  Reef  at  ael•t  •  _  a  suc  a  as  will  row  on  e  .  .  ----_________  A  A  past  3  such  immigrants  half  of  the  expenses  of  the  immigration  _  t  iev  h  eicE  IN  THE  PRICE  OF  BREAD.-On  Mon-  or  ten  rolls  of  carpet  to  remain  on  the  parapet,  thereby  '  Red  .from  to  next  occasion.  At  the  present  day  there  were  a  great  o'clock  on  the  morning  f  the  4th  ual STYLE=superscript  el STYLE=superscript  Cherries  number  of  most  beautiful  and  excellent  books  written  and  t  o  e  ult.  It  is  diffi-  and  return  passages  of  such  immigrants,  and  that  the  rate  of  day  he  the  throughout  the  metropolis  again  raised  the  causing  an  obstruction,  was  fined  2s.  6d.  and  costs.  It  f  the  uninitiated  cu  or  e  o  account  for  the  accident,  monthly  duties  payable  by  new  immigrants,  not  under  a  price  of  4lb.  loaf  one  halfpenny.  Muria  Gyre',  for  causing  an  obstruction  by  her  stand,  Grouse  .from  36  to  p  e  r  bra'&#34;  published  by  a  great  many  worthy  .  ladies  and  gentlemen,  Hares  .  .  .from  28  to  each.  which  were  most  useful  to  little  girls  and  boys  at  school.  tho  land  appearing.  distinct  about  two  miles  off.  written  engagement  to  labour,  be  chargedlike  propor-  The  telegraphic  communication  between  Ly-  at  the  Georges'  dock-gate,  was  fined  ls.  and  costs.  A  ricots  t  .from  deg'  o  per  When  he  was  a  boy  there  was  not  one-fiftieth  of  this  number  Being  to  leeward  the  water  was  s  m  oo  th  ;  an  d  ,  after  ti  on.  Th  a  t  so  soon  as  t  h  e  annual  i  ncome  to  be  raised  horn  mington,  in  Hampshi  re  ,  an  d  O  s  b  orne  House,  in  the  Isl  e  o  f  Mary  Doran,  for  a  similar  offence  in  Canning-  s  t  ree  t,  was  P  Pines,  Foreign  ..  .from  to  each.  of  books;  and,  in  addition,  those  books  which  were  pub-  experiencing  some  h  eav  y  s  h  oc  k  s,  the  vessel  lay  th  e  propose  d  d  ut  i  es  on  rum,  wines,  and  spirits,  and  from  the  Wight,  is  nearly  complet  e  d.  Th  e  telegraph  cable  across  was  fined  is.  and  2s.  6d.  costs.  ie.  lished  of  late  combined  a  large  amount  of  very  valuable  quiet,  but  refused  to  go  off.  The  passengers,  sud-  duties  in  respect  of  new  immig  r  ant  s  ,  s  h  a  ll  l  eave  a  surp  l  us  the  S  o  l  en  t  w  ill  b  e  l  a  id  down  this  week.  John  Magrulh,  for  being  drunk,  and  incapable  of  taking  P  .  Engl  ish STYLE=superscript  eens  •  from  70  to  pe  r  lb.  T  celP  .  ...from  14  to  per  C  „  o  information,  with  a  very  large  amount  of  amusement,  whi  c  h  d  en  l  y  arouse  d  from  their  beds,  behaved  well,  as  after  satisfying  the  annual  charge  for  such  interest  and  sia-  A  Tasmanian.  paper  remarks  that  the  permanent  charge STYLE=superscript  of  his  horse  in  Gough-square,  was  fined  ss.  and  Partridge  from  35  to  per  br  a STYLE=superscript  '  made  them  pleasant  to  read,  and  a  moral  and  a  religious  scarcely  any  confusion  seeme  d  t  o  ensue.  The  ladies  ing-fund,  m  respect  of  the  said  th  ree  sums  o  f  175,00,  gallows  at  Launceston,  built  of  brick  and  stone,  was  pulled  costs.  Pheasants  from'  7  0  to  ii  being  ever  connected  with  and  m.anifested  throughout  them:  and  others  who  ex  d  •  ,  presse  a  wish  to  leave  the  ship,  .ElOO,OOO.  and  £25,000  sterling,  and  the  annual  expenses  of  down,  as  soon  as  the  system  of  transportation  ceased.  John  Hickey,  a  seaman  was  charged  by  a  woman  of  the  Black  Game  there  was  thus  combined  instruction  and  amusement  with  that  immigration,  including  the  return  passages  of  the  iirmi-  The  Hort.  Mrs.  Norton  visited  the  Aztec  Lilli-  tow!).  with  breaking  five  ia,sses  and  three  bottles,  in  a  house  is  were  soon  landed  in  the  ship's  boats  without  much  *,  be  of  ill  fame  •  Wood.cockst  .  ,  in  Peter  -street.  The  prisoner  took  a  knife  out  A  0  which  was  good  and  that  which  would  benefit  for  time  and STYLE=superscript  grants,  the  duties  of  import  on  the  first  necessaries  of  h.e  putians,  in  the  Music-hall,  on  Saturday,  before  their  de deof  of deof  h'  Lacks...  '  ......from  90  to  per  .  0 STYLE=superscript  eternity.  He  was  sure  the  Rev.  Mr.  Hesketh  and  other  personal  inconvenience-the  village  of  Sandy  Bay  abolished  or  reduced  as  such  surplus  will  parture  for  Edinburgh,  and  in  the  kindest  manner  made  eharls  po  ck  e  t  and  threatened  to  use  it,  when  he  was  given  in  -  •  •  -  •  f  ro  .  .  m  8  to  each.  clergymen  would  forgive  him  when  he  said  that  he  always  affording  an  asylum  conveniently  situated  about  A  motion  was  also  made  by  Mr.  Rennie  for  some  presents  to,  and  shook  hands  with,  the  little  people  hand.  The  police  officer  found  the  knife  open  in  his  Snipes  ,  Peaches.....  came  to  these  institutions  with  very  peculiar  feelings,  because  2-/-  miles  distant,  recommending  to  the  Secretary  of  State  for  the  before  leaving.-  Northern  Whig.  •  The  prisoner  in  his  defence  stated  that  he  had  no  in intention  tention intention  to  use  it  i  •  't  he  looked  upon  an  institution  like  that  as  a  sort  of  nursery  All  the  party  who  landed  bore  willing  testimony  Colonies  that  an  agent  for  Trinidad  should  be  an  .  -  THE  WRECK  OF  THE  ANNIE  JANE.-We  have  plea-  to  make  the  ,  was  only  to  frighten  them,  in  order  m  let  him  out  H  GLASGOW  MARKETS-YEsTED.DAY.  t  etiOi  e  was  ordered  to  pay  18d.,  for  training  young  girls  up  as  plant  s  t  o  li  ve,  h  e  hoped,  in  that  West  Indian  hospitality  has  not  departed  with  pointed  in  London,  at  a  salary  of  £3OO  sterling  Per  sure  in  learning  that  the  screw  steamer  Sarah  Sands  has  the  damage  of  the  Of  •  '  v  f  e6 STYLE=superscript  J  l STYLE=superscript  the  Heavenly  Kingdom  of  which  they  had  been  just  reading  the  prosperity  of  the  planters,  for  nothing  IdThe  report  f  the  •  _  g  could  annum..  e  repo  o  e  committee  appointed  to  arrived  at  Quebec.  Thirty  passengers  were  taken  out  by  the  in  default  to  be  imprisone  d  lugs  broken,  and  58.  for  being  drunk,  West  India  Sugar:  The  market  was  very  activ  4  4,,  .for  14  days.  afternoon,  in  consequence  of  holders  abating  their  deat'  l  ol  7 STYLE=superscript  And,  therefore,  it  was  the  intention  and  the  desire  of  the  exceed  the  kindness  of  Mr.  Harper  (the  proprietor  inquire  into  the  scheme  sent  out  y  the  btl  Colonial-  Sarah  Sands  who  had  left  the  ill-fated  vessel,  which  subse-  William  Harrison,  res  iding  at  36,  p  er  cwt,  and  sales  of  308  hhds,  and  95  brls  are  roe°  ej  Stocking  -garden,  for  ladies  and  gentlemen  who  had  become  to  the  inmates  of  the  of  a  sugar  estate  in  the  vicinity)  to  the  n  office  freducing  the  postage  between  England  quently  perished  at  Barra-head.  neglecting  to  remove  stagnant  water  lio  institution  fathers  and  mothers  in  lieu  of  those  fathers  and  guests  who  paid  him  and  his  family  numerous  or  e  so  unceremon  -  y  .  i  and  the  colonies  was  adopted,  after  which  the  An  absconding  bankrupt  named  Walsh,  who  was  fined  10s.  and  costs.  ,  r  from  his  premises,  was  the  public  market.  •  de'  ‘,  Pig  iron  was  rather  inactive  yesterday  and  prices,  a  iit,  mothers  whom  God  had  beeil,pleased  to  take  from  them,  -  d  1  •  .t.  Th  l  ehended  recently  at  Southampton,  after  returning  from  The  following  list  of  lodging-house  keepeeis  w  ous  an  ear  y  a  visi  ose  who  remained  on  board  council  adjourned,  to  be  called  together  at  an  ear  y  ippr  .  ere  fined  for  ls  6d  per  ton  from  the  highest  point  touched  on  ,  p  , STYLE=superscript  that  they  should  be  brought  - STYLE=superscript  up  the  way  the  should  iustralia,  was  tried  at  the  New  Court,  Glasgow,  on  Friday,  eo  e  b  e  i  e  e  g  registered  :-Mary  Gormley,  13,  Jolanson.street.,  Several  thousand  tons  were  sold  for  76s  cash  ;  No.  /  is  /  thatold  they  might  d  fr  •  go,  so  when  o  ey  not  depart  om  He  •  Y  found  the  vessel  quietly  slip  off  into  deep  water  date  for  deliberation  on  the  estimates  of  1854.  h  Ind  sentenced  to  four  years'  penal  servitude.  Beween  £7OO  ss.  and  costs;  Hannah  Finerty,  18,  Albert-street,  e  Park,  6s.  77s  6d  to  78s;  and  No.  3,  at  746  with  disabled  '  wi  a  rudder,  and  leaking  considerably,  From  St  Lucia  we  learn  that  the  weather,  though  ~  wanted  them  to  recollect  that  religion  was  the  best  ornament  'BOO  were  recovered  for_the  estate.  and  costs;  Thomas  Norton,  13,  Court,  Albert-street,  Park,  The  shipment  ot  Pi  Iron  f  . STYLE=superscript  the  Clyde  parY  of  youth,  as  it  was  the  best  ornament  of  old  age;  and  but  not  more  than  the  engines  could  keep  under.  seasonable,  had  been  oppressively  hot.  A  heavy  The  Cambridge  Independent  Press  says  that  at  a  ss.  and  costs  ;  Michael  Carnely,  15,  Court,  Albert-street,  Graneeree  n  te  out  g  n STYLE=superscript  rcu STYLE=superscript  n  o  f  1 STYLE=superscript  i  week,  amounted  to  6,148  tons,  when  they  said,  hoary  head  in  the  way  of  righteousness  r STYLE=superscript  The  rudder  was  replaced  by  an  excellent  Jury  one,  fall  of  rain  took  place  on.  the  6th  ult.,  in  the  midst  .  neetmg  of  the  watch  committee  in  Cambridge,  on  Monde979  tons  Wer  e  Monday  Park,  ss.  and  costs;  Patrick  Flannigan,  4,  Court,  Albert-  a  for  Liverpool.  Was  a  crown  of  glory  to  an  sad  so  he  should  say  obtained  at  Basse  Terre,  not  far  off  (the  roadstead  of  which  the  schooner  President  Jeremie  was  struck  veek  it  was  unanimously  resolved,  that  any  person  proved  street,  Park,  ss.  and  costs;  Michael  Tiernien,  Albert-street,  ---------------_____  l'  when  these  children  were  taught  while  y•oung  to  walk  in  the  oOginally  bound  for),  whence  she  steamed  back  to  by  lightening,  breaking  her  masts  and  tearing  up  have  given  or  received  a  bribe  at  any  election  for  the  Park,  ss.  and  costs;  Bridget  Robin,  ss.  and  costs;  Patrick  DUBLIN  CORN  EXCILA,N  GE.  l'O  f STYLE=superscript  *,'  SDAY/  1  i  paths  of  holiness  and  virtue,  God  would  indeed  take  care,  if  St.  Thomas's  (speaking  the  Magdalena  en  route),  two  of  her  deck  planks.  The  island  continued  ;`)  0.11  was  an  unfit  person  to  be  elected  a  parish  consta-  MT  ld  10  dcosts.  ona  ,  s.  an  There  was  a  steady  market  at  our  7--FUIC  ~.„  _  0  Corn  Exebsvir  es  ..  they  acted  up  to  the  precepts  that  were  taught  them,  that  and,  after  obtaining  a  temporary  refit,proceeded  healthy,althoughb.!'d  1  •  to  the  pu  ic  works  an  sani  aiyar-  Jorou,  fflis•  ble.  Seven  names  were  strucko  the  tin  pursuance  of  BIRKENHEAD.  and  every  description  of  home-grown  gr  a  i  n  fu  lly  O  r  le  r STYLE=superscript  ;  departing  this  life  the  wouldmeet  •  tille  ,  y  in  another  and  more  Savannah  for  repairs,  Early  on  the  7th  the  Maa-  ents  f  the  municipality  of  Castries  were  not  hi  s  blessed  wor  l  d  those  parents  of  whom  they  had  been  so  early  de-  dalena  went  to  the  rescue  f  the  ~  rangem  o  t  resolution.  pa.seiengers,  as  the  sufficiently  advanced  to  provide  properly  for  the  NEW  DEPOT  FOR  CONVICTS.-It  is  said,  that  one  THIEVES  AT  MONKS'  FERRY  STATION.-011  Monday  afternoon,  when  the  Two  o'clock  express  train  was  about  to  the  currencies  of  Friday  last.  Indian  corn  i  s  he  el  f'  whit  ° STYLE=superscript  high  but  the  business  doing  is  only  s  iii  g.  ra  3  te  B  s  e  ,  a  t  i  prived.  He  should  be  intruding  on  the  sacred  office  of  the  Ad  •  alt  A  ent,  Lieute  o STYLE=superscript  t  T  n  t  an  .  ickell  e  R.N..  (after  security  of  that  city.  A  great  portion  of  the  upper  of  the  inspectors-general  of  prisons  had  been  sent  by  the  start  from  the  Birkenhead  Railway  Station,  two  suspicious-w  h  eat  ,  6d  to  42s  •  red  do,  36s  to  40s;  barley,  Ist  te  ty  clergyman.  if  he  were  to  say  much  more  on  that  point,  and  •  a  Y STYLE=superscript  th  g STYLE=superscript  l.  )  1  1  - STYLE=superscript  '  h•  1  1  ja STYLE=superscript  3 STYLE=superscript  .'  bere  os  to  168  •  oats  w  ite  3s  to  45  ,  '  1  secu  .  rin  e  e  mai  .  s  ,  o  .  s  no  tame  in  procuring  part  of  the  town  was  under  water  during  the  late  Fovernment  to  inspect  and  report  on  Clar  .  e  Island  as?,  dere!t  looking  characters  were  observed  making  attempts  to  purloin  ;  '  ,  ,  ,  -  „  eei,  eh  therefore  they  would  allow  him  to  say  a  few  words  on  12s  to  las  9d  ;  rape  seed,  275  6d  to  29a  ad  ;  0  480  HAPlRtonert,  by  finding  bin  way  beech  to  St.  Tliciu.iu.'s  riaLrab  ts  uudur  the  new  Servitude  This  -  l  artic  es  from  the  .  passengers'  luggage  van.  Mr.  Carrigan,  another  subject.  They  should,  while  in  the  institution,  gain  .  at  the  entrance  of  Clew  Bay  and  contains  16  •  bakers'  fl  22  26  Indian  corns  P  er STYLE=superscript  to  s,our,  sto  ;  .  hired  1  thenabling  M  .  '  ''''  ' STYLE=superscript  7l  &#34;:' STYLE=superscript  ic- STYLE=superscript  tuatcd.  in  ans  oop-  us  r.  Cameron,  The  Count  de  Gueydon,  the  new  governor  of  _I  one  of  the  officials,  had  them  taken  into  custody,  and  as  much  useful  information  as  possible,  because,  when  they  is STYLE=superscript  b  all STYLE=superscript  t  1%  8 STYLE=superscript  0  1 STYLE=superscript  0  acres,  the  greater  portion  of  which  is  arable.  the  efficient  superintendent  of  the  company,  to  Martinique,  arrived  at  Fort  de  France  on  the  23rd  __o  yesterday,  they  were  brought  up  at  the  Birkenhead  police-  40s  to  45s  6d.  grew  up  they  would  have  to  go  out  as  servant  girls  in  The  climate  is  mild  and  salubrious;  and,  from  the  bold  court.  They  turned  out  to  be  well-known  Liverpool  thieves,  various  positions,  to  live  with  various  families.  Now,  what  exert  his  promptness  and  tact  in  meeting  the  corn-  of  September,  and  the  next  day  issued  a  proclama proclamacharacter  character proclamacharacter  of  its  coast,  except  at  the  landing  point,  it  offers  and  one  of  them  had  only  been  discharged  from  gaol  two  or  SALFORD  CATTLE  MARKET  .___YEST6  .  ,  .  a  happy  thing  it  was  when,  masters  and  mistresses  could  put  Plicated  duties  of  a  company  involving  more  ac-  tion  announcing  his  assumption  of  the  Government  very  great  advantages  for  the  establishment  of  a  convict  three  days  before.  Their  names  were  James  Keeley,  alias  To-day's  has  been  a  very  heavy  market.  Price.  •00  confidence  in  their  servants;  and  when  they  could  do  tual  obligations,  by  reason  of  the  number  of  ports  in  one  portion  of  which  he  said,  in  allusion  to  thi  depot.  Beckett,  and  William  Marshall,  alias  Smith.  They  were  3t  to  Sid  ;  mutton,  51-d  to  7d;  calves,  6d  t  o  71  so,  and  when  they  knew  their  virtue,  and  honesty,  their  ships  visit,  than  almost  all  others  united.  aversion  of  the  negro  population  to  field  labotr  e  n  v  HARGE  AGAINST  AN  EMIGRATION  AGENT.-0/1  each  conunitted  for  three  months.  1,833;  sheep,  4.847.  and  sympathy  for  the  house  of  God,  they  would  Besides  the  Magdalena,  other  vessels  were  des-  since  emancipation,  you  must  not  forget  that  It-  Saturday  last,  Captain  de  Courcy,  tha  government  emigra emigrae  e emigrae  1  ndeavour  to  make  them  as  happy  and  comfortable  as  patched  from  various  quarters.  Intercourse  with  bour  is  your  first  duty.  The  plough  does  h  onoir  tion  agent  at  Belfast,  preferred  a  charge  before  the  magi  s  -  KIRKDALE  QUARTER  SESSIONS.  SHARE  MARKETS.  v  -  _  ESTERDAY.  16;  their  relative  •  positions  would  permit.  After  complimenting-  a  ll  the  West  India  Islands  was  resumed,  thus  to  him  who  guides  it.  Labour  is  the  attribute  of  trates  of  that  town  against  a  person  named  Elliott,  for  to-day  are  :-Caledonieh  LIVERPOOL.-Tbe  sales  t  y  0  ;  The  Michaelmas  Quarter  Sessions  opened  on  Tuesday.  the  girls  on  the  excellence  of  their  answerine,  the  mayor  affording  general  satisfaction  to  those  prejudiced  the  freeman  ;i't  is  the  law  of  all-it  is  the  law  of  ' STYLE=superscript  d  bein  the  amount  of  mone  whi  h  detaining  .Cll  17s.  6.,  g  y  e  a  Eastern  Counties,  13k  . STYLE=superscript  ;  East  Lancas.bire,  15  g  ;  .  1).. STYLE=superscript  ,  i  f  ,co  ,_  in  conclusion,  forcibly  impressed  on  them  that  their  happi-  •'  The  Venerable  Archdeacon  BROOKS  occupying  the  chair,  by  any  interruption  in  the  delivery  of  the  mails.  The  Count  seemed  to  apprehend  that  ia  a  young  woman  had  paid  him.  The  young  woman,  whose  and  Yorkshire,  63-3',  1 STYLE=superscript  ,-3a;  Manchester,  Sheffieid,  and  I  ,'  1/I:  ness  in  this  world,  and  there  weal  hereafter  d_  pe  ended  upon  several  other  magistrates  being  present.  The  magistrates  their  acting  up  to,  in  thei  r  p  resen  t  an  d  future  life,  the  teach-  The  Magdalena  returned  to  St.  Thomas's  in  ti  me  f  ew  years  negro  l  a  b  our  wou  ld  b  e  lost  to  the  Vest  name  is  Sarah  Rae,  said  that  she  engaged  a  p  assage  f  or  having  retired  to  the  private  room,  to  prepare  the  ordinaa7  J9  l  _,  Midland,  S9-60-60i  ;  S  out  h  E  astern  Stc  € STYLE=superscript  1  6 STYLE=superscript  1!  ing_s_  of  the  institution.  (A.pplause).  to  coal,  execute  all  the  intercolonial  transfers  at  that  Indies,  and  was  turning  hi  s  a  tt  en  ti  on  t  o,  an  d  na  k-  Amer  i  ca  f  or  herself  and  a  number  of  others,  with  the  defen-  business  of  the  session,  the  visiting  justices'  re  p  or  t  was  re  ,  T  he  following  are  the  c  l  os  i  ng  prices  :--Caledoni  ang STYLE=superscript  '  , STYLE=superscript  634  - STYLE=superscript  e:  •  '  •  •  h  ire STYLE=superscript  '  Oil'  The  premiums  were  then  dehvered;  after  which,  the  island,  and  start  to  her  time  for  England.  ing  anxious  enquiries  about,  Coolie  and  Chiles°  dant,  and  paid  him  411  175.  Oil.  The  vessel  was  the  Colum-  from  which  it  appeared  that  the  number  of  pnsoners  m  the  Eastern  Counties,  121/  ,  Lancashire  and  Yolk,  Rev.  W.  H  ESKETH  b  r  i  e  fl  y  addressed  the  children  6  j  19  1 STYLE=superscript  bia,  and  was  to  sail  from  Liverpool  on  the  12th  of  October,.  gaol  was  308  males,  and  80  females,  and  th  a  t  no  d  ea  th  h  a  d  L  on  d  on  an  d  North  Western,  1031-4;  ,l STYLE=superscript  she  and  corn-  From  Jamaica  we  have  private  ad  v  i  ce  t  o  th  e  12th  i  mm  i  grat  i  on  plimented  them  and  their  teach  '  *  ers  on  the  progress  they  had  ult.  The  new  Governor  of  the  colony,  Sir  Henry  The  island  ef  Grenada  had  been  deluge  W  1  d  'th  but  she  was  not  yet  ready  for  sea,  and  the  defendant  haa  occurred  since  the  last  sessions.  The  coroner's  accounts  South  Eastern,  171-18  ;  York  and  North,  280  ;  ,10  1 STYLE=superscript  told  her  that  the  vessel  would  not  sail  until  the  4th  of  were  taken  up,  and  the  district  committee  reco  mmen  d  e  d  th  e  Stock,  194-20.  made.  -  ei  Barkly  •  had  been  duly  inaugurated.  He  arrived  rain  '  to  the  serious  detriment  of  the  cane  erops.  November.  The  attorney  for  the  complainant  said,  the  y  a  '  .ccounts  of  the  coroners  for  West  Derby  to  b  e  allowed,  MANCEIESTER.-To-day  a  fair  amo  u  nt  o  f  bu  s  ot  t  ,  The  Alma  then  addressed  the  general  assembly  He  tK•  a  '  '  •  d  icus  da daa  a daa  in  e  ston  in  Her  Majesty  s  steamship  Brisk  on  Many  of  the  estateB  had  also  receive  sei  defendant,  who  said  he  was  acting  ui  been  transacted,  at  improved  prices.  The  so  ,  ._  e  ,  believed  that  the  namel  M  Driffield,  94  inquests,  £219  6s.  2d.  •  Mr.  ;  26;  is  said,  that  with  the  anxieties  and  responsibilities  of  his  e  Tuesday,  the  4th  of  October.  He  landed  t  the  floods,  where  the  crops,  laboui  es  a  e  mage  from  the  Belfast  fer  parties  in  Liverpool,  was  no  agent  at  all.  The  Galloway,  1  inquest,  1  19s.  2d.  The  accounts  Of  Mr.  business  transacted  :-Blaekburn,  44;  Caledonian,  -- STYLE=superscript  „,,4•  3 STYLE=superscript  ',  1 STYLE=superscript  mayoralty,  there  had  been.  combined  many  gratifications  .!  '  ernraen  wharf  in  Port  Royal-street,  and  was  cottages,  and  provision  grounds,  had  been  rtore  or  magistrates  made  an  order  for  the  money  to  be  return.ed,  Clayton,  Bridge-master,  West  Derby,  were  examined  and  ern  Counties,  121  ;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  6 STYLE=superscript  ,  - STYLE=superscript  tr  i  efi  rr STYLE=superscript  e  and  not  tho  least  of  them  was  the  opportunity  which  hact  been  afforded  him  to  make  himself  more  familiar  with  received  with  the  loudest  demonstrations  of  joy,  less  damaged.  The  island  was  suffering  from  a  with  20s.  costs,  observing  that  they  must  protect  the  poor  allowed.  The  balance  in  hand,  after  deducting  repairs,  c-k;  London  and  North  Western,  lo2''  ,  01) STYLE=superscript  1  4ilati  the  benevolent  Institutions  of  the  town,  than  he  had  been  Flags  were  hoisted  on  every  available  flagstaff,  and  lack  of  labour,  and,  in  consequence,  the  crop  of  people  from  the  rapacity  of  agents  and  crimps.  salary,  &amp;c.,  was  1590  17s.  sd.  In  reference  to  the  inspec-  Sheffield,  and  Lincoln,  1 STYLE=superscript  4+H-I  ;  Midland  V  a  ief  lzr STYLE=superscript  I  before.  He  bore  testimony  to  the  many  institutions  of  this  the  shipping  in  harbour  decorated  in  the  gayest  the  forthcoming  year  was  expected  to  be  deterio-  SINGULAR  PHENOMENON  AT  ABERDARE.-A  curious  tion  of  weights  and  measures,  it  was  ordered  that  the  inspec-  Consols,  60-4  ;  Sh  ro  p  s  hi  re  U  n  i  on  ,  3-1  8-16  d  ;  s  ou  th  description  whi  c  h  Li  verpool  possessed,  but  he  confessed,  colours.  He  was  driven  to  the  railway  station  in  rat  e  d  in  quantity_  The  following  i  s  au  tecount  of  circumstance  has  just  occurred  at  the  Gadlys  Iron  and  Coal  tors  in  the  divisions  of  Kirkdale,  Leamington,  and  Prescot  171-13-16-1;  South  Wales,  x.n.  0  1 STYLE=superscript  '  . STYLE=superscript  '  that  familiar  as  he  was  with  th  e  haunts  of  wretchedness  the  carriage  of  Colonel  Farquharson,  who  me  t  hi  m  the  produce  shipped  this  year  ;-Sugar,  278  hhds.,  Company's  works  in  the  vicinity  of  Aberdare,  in  Glamorgan-  make  no  charge  for  the  examination  of  weights  and  measures  GLASGOW.-Fair  business  doing  t  o  d  a  y  with  which  existed  in  every  quarter  of  this  town,  yet,  when  he  at  the  wharf,  and  proceeded  by  special  train  to  I,344teerces,  2,0604  barrels;  molasses,  85  etincheons,  shire,  where,  as  some  workmen  were  sinking  a  shaft  at  a  which  were  found  to  be  correct,  as  it  appeared  such  a  prac-  Caledonians  at  514-4;  Glasgow  and  South  Westin  te  rli°  ,  looked  at  the  moral  condition  of  the  mass  of  the  population  Spanish  Town,  the  seat  of  his  Government.  The  2  hhds  ;  ruin,  2,014  h  '  58  quar-  distance  of  53  yards  below  the  surface,  they  came  upon  a  puncheons,  108  h  use  tice  had  been  in  existence  in  these  divisions.  The  surgeon's  Greenock.  gauranteed,  £6B;  Monklands,  68;  arta  .  ar  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Vauxhall  -road-when  he  observed  shrill  sound  of  the  whistle  one  full  hour  before  the  ter-casks  1  •  barrel,  10  d  &amp;Kens  a  id  4  cases;  mo3t  extensive  mass  or  of  explosive  gas,  which  report  stated  that  there  were  four  cases  of  typhus  fever  in  and  Danfermline,  at  12  1  .  51  ,  their  degradation,  their  misery,  their  vice,  and  the  sins  time  of  arrival  of  the  ordinary  train  attracted  to  shrub,  4  ' STYLE=superscript  puncheons,  5  hhds.,  3 STYLE=superscript  d  ii  rtee  _  ea  e  k  e  ;  burst  out  of  the  solid  rock.  This  occurrence  impeded  further  the  gaol,  and  two  deaths  from  consumption.  Three  persons  DUBLIN.-000501,,  93j;  31-  per  cent  Stock,  9 STYLE=superscript  10  ,1,,:  ,  operations  for  some  time,  but  at  length  a  plan  was  devised  had  been  sent  to  the  Lancaster  asylum,  and  three  persons  account,  14ah  Nov.,  254  ;  Mining  Company  of  11 STYLE=superscript  16  f  ee  which  were  daily  being  practised  there,  he  should  admit  the  station  in  Spanish  Town  a  large  assemblage  of  cocoa,  4,726  ban STYLE=superscript  O  I STYLE=superscript  L  1  bag,  1  that  all  their  labours  were  a  mere  drop  in  the  b•  p  e  bucket,  corn-  persons,  and  the  enthusiasm  was  equal  to  that  exhi-  barrel,  and  3  boxes;  cotton,  158  balee  by  Mr.  E.  Williams,  the  manager,  by  which  the  explosive  confined  during  her  Majesty's  pleasure,  who  had  been  tried  paid,  161;  Great  Southern  and  Western  RailwaY,  '  1 STYLE=superscript  pared  with  that  •  •  which  remained  for  them  to  do.  His  6.  d  •  Ki  taeent  was  collected  and  carried  to  the  surface  in  a  succession  and  acqu  i  tted  as  insane.  With  respect  to  these  latter  parties  Mi.  .....____.  Worship  then  ably  elf  ued  /  that  not  only  sh  ou  ld  the  moral  ite  in  ngs  on.  Nogiing  can  convey  an  idea  f  Accounts  from  Barbadoes  state  flat  the  House  '9  or  pipes.  This  was  properly  and  successfuily  carried  out  I  enquiry  was  directed  to  be  made  with  regard  to  getting  them  the  manifestations  of  joy  at  Sir  Henry  Barkly  e STYLE=superscript  s  of  Assembly  had  a  gree  d  to  a  pet  i  t  i  oa  to  t  h  e  H  ouse  and  at  a  height  of  - STYLE=superscript  five  yards  from  the  ground  the  gas  was  trans  e  -  condition  of  the  p  eo  p  e  b  e  improved,  but  their  social  an  d  transferred  to  Bethlehem  hospital.  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIME  S STYLE=superscript  '  0'  physical  condition  also  ;  and  observed,  that  while  they  were  arrival.  The  peculiarly  momentous  peiiod  of  his  of  Comnions  iri  favour  of  a  reducCon  of  the  duty  ignited,  when  it  burst  out  into  a  flame  three  yards  in  length.  0  dh  •  d  th  •di  •  1  n  yester  ay  t  e  magistrates  entere  .up  .  on  eju  cia  li  Published  every  Mornin  in  LIVERPOOL  and  MO  '  cfo  l STYLE=superscript  allowed  tom  reain  in  their  present  conditi  on  ,  th  ey  were  l  i  ving  appointment,  the  painful  state  of  public  affairs,  and  on  B  r  i  t  i  s  h  p  l  antat  i  on  sugar.  A  gcod  deal  of  rain  At  night  this  luminous  mass  attracts  great  attention,  and  business  of  the  sessions,  A  few  appeals  against  church-rate  multaneously,  and  the  following  are  the  rates  and  on  the  crater  of  a  v  o  l  cano  ,  w  hi  c  h  no  man  knew  how  Sir.  Henry's  fame  for  con  c  ili  a  t  ory  con  d  uct  i  n  B  r  i  t  i  s  h  had  fallen  in  the  island.  Business  was  very  full,  can  be  seen  for  a  great  distance.  Competent  judges  state  and  poor-rate  were  gone  into,  after  whic  the  magistrates  TERMS  OF  SUBSCRIPTION„/  soon  it  might  explode.  Passing  from  this  subject  he  come  Guiana,  all  rendered  the  circumstance  of  his  arrival  and  there  had  been  few  a  •  '  rrivals  of  s  hipping.  that  it  will  last  for  a  length  of  time.  proceeded  to  take  up  the  trials  of  prisoners.  The  calendar  batted  the  ar  gument  that  such  institutions  as  the  Orphan  one  of  greater  interest  and  importance  than  are  Th  e  legislative  session  of  T  e  h  eeee  was  opened  on  NEW  PATENTS.-The  following  Patents  amongst  shows  about  65  cases  of  felony,  and  3of  misdemeanour.  In  IN  LIVERPOOL.  .00fr  OUT  OF  els,Elt  e  e  se  them  were  uneecessary,  and  that  children  brought  up  in  generally  attached  to  the  appointment  of  a  new  the  13th  of  Se  tember  b  a  s  ;  - STYLE=superscript  11  from  President  others  were  sealed  during  the  week  ending  Oct.  29th,  1853  :  almost  every  instance  ths  cases  of  felony  are  the  stealing  of  ------_____  0  p  y  pee,  Term  for  In  advance  On  Credit  In  advance.  0 STYLE=superscript  .  -  should  by  right  be  sent  to  the  workhouse.  He  remarked  ruler.  On  the  6th  ult.,  two  days  h  . STYLE=superscript  •  1  • STYLE=superscript  Richard  ' STYLE=superscript  H  f  Manchester,•  fcertain  'property.  There  is,however,  one  case  of  female  violation.  after  is  anava  ,  Yeates,  which  gave  an  unfavourable  view  of  the  po-Howson,  o  engineer,  or  im-  ere  e  that  in  this  argument  lay  the  essence  of  unkindness  and  h  rovements  in  weavees  harness  (a  communication)  dated  Two  of  the  misdemeanants  are  parties  committed  in  default  A  Year  ..  £3  o  0  464  0  0  es  is  0  .€4  10 STYLE=superscript  '  ked  who  so  •  h  tto  d  t  b  b  havmg  as  ne  or  grea  -ayas  o  e  a  ove  a  re re,  , re,  e  was  duly  inaugurated  into  office  the  custom-  sition  of  the  affairs  of  the  iar  hb  '  •  •  y  oat  s  eing  administered.  Th  ,  island.  The  crop  ship-  P  ere  was  an.  un-  ped  this  year.  from  Tobago  amounted  to  the  follow followh  h followh  A  ril  h  Walt  ' STYLE=superscript  er  Gale,  of  No.  5,  Wobuen  of  finding  bail  to  appear  and  give  evidence,  and  the  third  27t  p  ,  1853.  Josep  0  Jo  e  verse  of  fortune,  eloquently  pointed  out  how  many  a  death  for  improvements  in  the  for  inflicting  bodily  harm.  one  of  the  cases  before  the  Half  year  ..  e  1  11  6  4e2  2  0  ei  18  0  usual  assemblage  f  Place  London  civil  engineer,  ,  0  bed  of  the  reduced  merchant,  the  impoverished  clerk,  and  o  persons  present  at  the  cere-  ing  :-2,791  hhds.,  734  tierces,  3,253  k  barrels  sugar  '  t  •  frailways,  dated  270  April,  1853.  Thomasyesterday  presentedpublic  importance.  court  presen  any  the  disabled  ship  captain  or  mate,  was  made  peaceful  by  the  mony.  The  second  train  from  Kingston  on  that  -being  a  decrease  of  581  hhds.  and  59  tierces  on  perm  .  anen  way  o  ..  _  .  Culp];  of  20  George  Street,  Greenwich,  engineer,  for  ira-  Quarter  ..  £0  19  6  .t'l  5  0  RO  19  6  Li  -  thought  that  his  children  would  be  saved  from  the  contami-  lar  day  particuconveyed  200  passengers,  a  very  the  crop  of  1852.  Of  rum,  there  have  been  shipped  provements  in  steam  boilers,  and  in  the  appendages  thereto,  •  r  e  ,  ~  .  ADMIRAL  SIR  CHARLES  NAPIER.-I.GIS  UlStlll-  Single  Papers  3d.  I  Single  nation  of  a  workhouse  by  the  benevolent  institutions  pro-  large  number  for  one  train  on  the  Jamaica  Rail-  this  year  1,494  puncheons  and  33  hhds.  the  decrease  date  d  2  '  Joseph  II  th  tf  M  7th  April,  1853.  e  ering  on,  o  an-  .  gui  esh  d  gentleman  has  been  in  town  for  the  last  few  days  Subscribers  who  do  not  pay  their  Subscriptions  within  lo STYLE=superscript  0  011 STYLE=superscript  IO  0  Tided  by  their  more  favoured  brethren.  In  conclusion,  he  way.  After  his  inauguration,  his  Excellency  lost  being  96  puncheons.  Of  molasses  the  shipments  chester,  machine  maker,  for  certain  improvements  in  reels  for  days  after  they  become  due  will  be  charged  when  payme°  „  It  accompanied  by  Bailie  Dreghorn  he  visited  th  •  Yesterday,  ,  ,  e  called  upon  the  ladies  and  gentlemen  present,  and  upon  his  no  time  in  entering  upon  his  important  duties,  in  both  years  are  alike-viz.,  137  puncheons.  Added  reeling  or  winding  yarn  ' STYLE=superscript  s  dated  28th  April,  1853.  Weston  credit  price  for  all  papers  may  have  been  supplied  fellow-townsmen  generally,  not  ,to  desist  in  their  work  of  Two  proclamations  were  issued  immediately,  one  to  this,  the  island  has  exported  111,800  cocoa  nub'.  Grimshatr,  of  Moseley,  ' STYLE=superscript  in  the  county  of  Antrim,  Ireland,  plansharbou  afotterzniteir  Port-Glasgowß.eotete  Intel  office,  period  ofpayment.  .....---&#34;'  mercy,  bat  to  endeavour  still  more,  by  their  labour  and  con-  renewing  the  appointments  held  under  the  former  The  Tobago  Chronicle  reports  favourably  of  the  pro-  flax  spinner,  for  certain  improvements  in  dubbing  and  roving  tne  S  . STYLE=superscript  Charles  d  lieastonishment  P STYLE=superscript  t  th  e STYLE=superscript  ADVERTISEMENTS.  ee  l'  4  .  1  1,,  tributions,  to  increase  in  number  and  efficiency,  such  chari-  administration,  the  other  calling  the  Legislature  to-  '  • STYLE=superscript  he  frames  f  nuses  as  to  the  ensuing  year's  crop,  the  weat  r  ames  or  preparing  for  spinning  cotton  flax,  and  other  understand  Sir  expressed  .  ee  a  .  e  .  f  the  amount  of  shipping  at  Glasgow,  which,  Advertisers  are  given  the  full  benefit  of  the  Rep,:  I  :).,,,,  , STYLE=superscript  ho  , STYLE=superscript  ,,id  , STYLE=superscript  table  institutions  as  he  then  advocated.  (Applause).  fibrous  substances,  dated  30th  April,  1853.  ' STYLE=superscript  Edward  Blackett  la  e  p  w  id  a  i  s  ntilase  :  d  by  gether  on  the  18th  of  October  for  the  despatch  of  being  good  and  estate  work  proceeding  satisfac-  -  Mr.  _Knight,  the  treasurer,  is  greater  at  Their  announcements  are  inserted  at  the  following  Scale  ei  -  ter  j  0 STYLE=superscript  Mr.  BANNER  then  moved  the  thanks  of  the  assembl  t  Beaumont,  of  Woodhall,  Barnsley,  gentleman,  for  certain  li STYLE=superscript  r  esent  than  it  ever  was.  He  mentioned,  that  he  had  seen  i STYLE=superscript  f  Pre-Pgy  n  •me  t  a  made.  .  Monthly  credit  is  only  given  to  ,p  eli  ih  ‘  Y  0 STYLE=superscript  public  business.  The  day  was  looked  forward  to  torilnotwithstandingf  labourers,  y,  a  paucity  o  advertisers,  and  an  addition  of  ten  per  cent.  is  charged  if  Ylei  , STYLE=superscript  the  Mayor:  rovements  in  the  mode  of  constructing  dwelling-houses  P STYLE=superscript  statement  •  th  a  in  e  newspapers  to  the  effect  that,  in  cense censeby  by censeby  all  classes  with  natural  •  anxiety.  The  Morning  From  Venezula  we  learn  that  the  President,  not  made  on  or  before  the  loth  of  each  month.  The  follaio'  The  Rev.  Mr.  HESKETH  seconded  the  motion,  and,  in  j  ,  i STYLE=superscript  ? STYLE=superscript  tiler  buildin  and  in  peculiar  shaped  bricks  and  tiles  to  quence  of  a  proprietor  having  obtained,  by  Act  of  Parliament,  scale  of  doing  so,  said  that  he  concord%  in  all  that  had  fallen  from  ournal,  the  organ  of  the  former  Governor,  says  the  General  Monagas  had  issued  a  decree  establishing  Or  0  that  g,  '  be  used  for  purpose,  dated  9th  May,  1853.  George  a  power  to  prevent  the  trustees  improving  the  river  at  Charges  for  Single  Insertions-  the  Mayor  as  to  the  destitution  in  the  town.  He  then  bore  Assembly  will  either  have  to  agree  to  the  proposals  Matmin  as  the  capital  of  the  province  of  Cunene  '  Coppock,  of  Heaton  Norrie,  manager  to  Messrs.  Wil  •  hamson  certain  point  the  effect  of  which  had  ,  been  to  create  shoals,  s  d  s  d  s  d  „  o  45  6 STYLE=superscript  testimony  to  the  zeal  and  exertions  of  the  Mayor  durin  g  hi  s  of  the  Government  or  lose  their  c  ons  tit  u  ti  on.  This  instead  of  the  city  of  Cumana,  the  former  capital.  and  Roberts,  of  the  same  place,  machine  makers,  for  certain  '  and  obstruct  necessary  .  the  tidal  flew  so  necesry  for  its  navigation  1,2,  0  r  3  lines  1  o  io  o  r  11  li  nes  30  18  or  le  lines,  5  0  28,  ..,'  s  year  of  office  in  support  of  every  charity,  and  said  that  he  was  an  opinion  not  very  generally  popular,  and  Her  Majesty's  ship  Blizzard  arrived  at  Jamaica  •  '  ts  in  looms  for  weaving,  dated  14th  May,  1853.  improvemen  and  purification  and  havin6  noticed  the  obstruction  on  the  4or  5  „  16120  r  13  „3620  or  21  „  5  6  sr,  39 STYLE=superscript  •  o  r  S  a  '  d  was  not  only  entitled  to  the  thanks  of  that  assembly'  but  of  the  Daily  Advertiser  of  the  su  •  cceeding  day  expressed  from  a  cruise  on  the  27th  of  September,  and  sailed  Charles  James  Pownall,  of  London,  gentleman,  for  Improve-  .  .  ,  .  .  _  plan  exhibited  to  him,  Sir  haves  stated  it  as  his  opinion,  •  •  •  •  6or  7  „20140  r  15  „  4  0  22,  23,  or  24,  6  0  34,  95 STYLE=superscript  '  et  3 STYLE=superscript  '&#34;  the  publib  generally,  a  firm  belief  that  the  Government  Contemplated  on  the  Ist  of  October  for  Portobello.  The  steam-  ments  in  the  preparation  and  treatment  of  flax  and  other  that  Parliamentary  rwers  should  at  once  be  obtained  to  Bor  9  „  26  16  or  17  „4  6  25,  26,  or  27,6  6  37,  Bib  -  After  a  few  words  from  the  Rev.  Mr.  HIGGINS  the  motio  ,  nno  such  step.  The  00/enia/  Standard,  as  well  sloop  Brisk,  20  da  f  II  d  '  'tl  S'e  H  '  'ler  vegetable  fibres,  dated  17th  May,  1853.  Job  Allen.  ,  •  ys  rom  i  a  eira,  wi  i  i  enry  simi  o  tac  eto  the  operations  of  the  trustees  so  And  Sixpence  for  every  Additional  two  1int  .....  „---  7 STYLE=superscript  was  unanimously  adopted.  the  Advertiser,  had  written  in  a  very  concilia-  B'  kl  the  new  vernor,  on  board,  arrived  on  the  of  Bower  Street,  London,  engineer,  for  improvements  in  remove  every  o  s  t  o  c  bedtime  a  first-  lass  ort.-NOrth  The  MAYOR,  after  acknowledging  the  compliment,  said  ar  y,  eg?  at  te  C  yde  may  .  a  n_e  _  c  p  Scale  of  Prices  for  Contract  Advertisement  6l STYLE=superscript  tory  •  tone,  confidently  relying  on  the  im  arti  1  '  ' STYLE=superscript  ll  . STYLE=superscript  V  tal,  17  eays  from  communicating  intelligence,  dated  18th  May,  1853.  John  In STYLE=superscript  British  Datly  Mall,  of  Tuesday.  .  PAYABLE  IN  ADVANCE.  ,---  -- STYLE=superscript  -el  that  the  prosperity  of  the  asylum  might  be  attributed  to  the  p  a  .  4th  ult.  Her  Majesty  ss  ip  es  -  Blair  of  Ducie  Bridge  Mill,  Manche'ster,  for  the  application  conduct  of  the  n  G  t  •  ew  overnor  o  reconcile  the  dif-  the  Bay  of  Fundy,  and.  the  brig  Darieg,  from  a  THE  ARCTIC  REGIONS.-There  is  a  very  general  exertions  of  Mr.  Banner,  and  to  a  lady  whose  memory  he  f  of  steam  power  to  the  working  frailway  breaks,  dtd  21  t  '  g  o  a  e  s  .  One  Month  3  Months  6  Months  erences  existing  between  the  two  impression  in  naval  circles  that  the  discovery  of  the  north  pas-  or  26  or  78  or  156  ......:  ,...  /...../  ./.11,  should  ever  reflect  upon  with  delight  . STYLE=superscript  .  To  Mr.  Banner,  how-  e  .  g  branches  of  the  cruise,  arrived  at  Port  Royal  on  the  10th  ult.  Her  _  a  el  y  e  1823.  James  Teflon,  of  the  firm  of  J  and  W.  Teflon.  Legislature.  It  was  ever,  especially  was  owing  the  erection  of  the  adjoining  b  u  ild_  .  _supposed  that  the  large  and  Majesty's  steam-frigate  Megeera  araved  at  .  St.  of  Worksworth,  in  the  county  of  Derby,  small  ware  manu-  sage  by  Captain  M'Clure  will  be  followed  up  next  year  by  the  Insertions.  Insertions.  Insertions.  -......._  ...............  ing  for  boys,  and  the  church  which  connected  both  asylums,  influential  party  in  the  Assembly  which  had  so  Thomas's,  from  Tortola  on  the  llth  aud  left  the  facturer,  and  Henry  Hodgkinson,  of  the  same  place,  mechanic,  despatch  steamers,  the  Phcenix  and  another  of  about  e  s.  d.  es.  d.  e  s.  d.  '  ' STYLE=superscript  6  0  successfully  and  he  (the  mayor)  begged  to  move  that  the  thanks  of  the  .  yopposed  the  Council  would  be  again  following  day  for  Barbadoes.  for  improvements  on  small  ware  looms,  dated  29th  June  equal  power.  When  two  steamers  proceed  through  the  ice  Ito  3  lines  ..  1202  15  0  415  0  0  assembly  be  given  to  Mr.  Banner  for  his  exertions  in  be-  organised, STYLE=superscript  and  that  they  would  urge  the  question  The  Royal  Mail  steam-ship  Aeon  was  on  the  1853.  John  Giblett,  of  Trowbridge,  in  the  county  ofmotion  fhe  las  vessel  near  to  each  other,  the  forward  o  t  t  4or  5  lines  ..  113  0  42  6  72  6  ,•„-  ii  0  half  of  the  institution.  of  retrenchment  as  one  worthy  of  precedence  over  Gulf  of  Mexico  station;  the  Clyeli,  in  the  Spanish  Wilts,  woollen  cloth  manufacturer,  for  improvements  in  the  prevents  the  ice  closin  again  so  soon  as  it  is  otherwise  liable  preven  .  g  .  .  6or  7  lines  ..  25  0  60  0  11  0  0  ','  6  ,  8,9,  or  10  lines  37  0  815  0  15  15  0  ~2  4 STYLE=superscript  /  16  i  to  do  when  there  is  only  one  vessel,  and  consequently  -it  is  The  REV.  MR.  RESKETIT  seconded  the  resolution,  and  said  all  others.  Much,  however,  de  ended  on  the  na-  ••  C  t  S  th  D  t  N  uf  tfIII  th  nd  other  fabircs,  dated  26th  Main  ;  the  onway,  a  avanna,  e  ee,  a  ew  man  ac  ure  o  woo  en  co  s  a  1,12,  or  13lines  49  0  11  10  0  20  10  0  A  I  4  -  •  much  safer  to  proceed  when  two  are  employed  instead  of  one.  14,  15,  orl6  lines  511  0  14  5  0  25  5  0  6  that  he  •  cordially  subscribed  to  the  remarks  of  the  mayor  in  re-  ture  of  Sir  Henry  Barkl  '  first  Paddress.  y  s  York'  the  Dement,  on  the  Northern  Islands  route;  July,  1853.  John  Stack,  of  Manchester,  manager  for  im-  The  officers  and  crews  of  both  vessels  would  also  have  more  ior  every  additi additi-8  -8 additi-8  g STYLE=superscript  ference  to  what  the  institution  owed  Mr.  Banner.  Sir  Charles  Grey,  the  former  governor,  had  taken  the  Ea  1  t  Jamaica;  the  Esk  at  St.  Thomas's;  nrovements  on  reeds  for  looms,  date  ge,  a  e  ,d  3rd  August,  1853.  fidence  when  enterin  une  lored  channels,  when  two  con  ,  g  xp  .  Fonal  3  lines  or  120  1  2  15  0  415  o  The  motion.  was  unanimously  adopted.  private  lodgings  in  Spanish  T  li  . STYLE=superscript  h  h  Robert  Clough  of  Liverpool  for  improvements  in-the  con conown,  own, conown,  wlc  e  would  the  Medway  and  Teviot,  ol  the  Spanish  Main  .  2  1  c  ,  vessels  are  near  to  each  other,  owing  to  the  hope  that  there  -  less.  Mr.  BANNER  in  returning  thanks,  said  that  he  would  be  •  continue  to  occupy  until  his  d  struction  of  ships  and  other  vessels,  dated  Ist  Au  e  ust,  1853.  rfr  amply  recompensed  for  his  trouble  if  he  obtained  the  good  epaxture  from  the  routes.  When  the  Magdalena  left  St.  Thonias's,  at  _  would  be  one  to  fall  back  upon  in  the  event  of  any  unfore-  AGENTS  IN  THE  COUNTRY'  0,  ,  es•  e  ee  island.  The  H  e  on.  John  Niels  a  From  Mess  Hughes  d  Bloodworth',  d  th'  L•  t  Messrs.  an  oo  Ivor  .1  t  8  .  wishes  and  love  of  the  children.  (A  la  )  ,  gentleman  known  4  p.m.  on  the  16th  ult.,  the  new  steam-ship  Solent,  seen  accident  occurring  to  the  other.  The  ice  of  the  Arctic  Ashton....  .•  ..  Mr.  Kerrigan.  Preston...  ..  D.  e STYLE=superscript  o  o  , STYLE=superscript  -,,lte•  ingt  tt  pp  use.  many  years  ago  as  a  public  -  regions  is  the  accumulation  of  ages,  and  it  is  surprising  the  Birmingham..  Mr.  Coop  er.  The  proceedings  then  terminated  c  man,  died  on  the  9th  which  left  Southampton  in  the  3d  of  October,  had  Willisto.e.  E.  &amp;C.  fansell  Runcorn..  ...  -o%  wo  packets  which  not  arrived  out,  and  has  not  been  spoken  by  the  Birtbg,  Marriage*  anTI  eltatbs.  small  thickness  that  is  formed  in  some  years,  and  certainlY  8urn1;  ' STYLE=superscript  y......  Mr.  Lutcliffe.  .  NV.  il STYLE=superscript  sc  ortb'  CITY  MONUMENT  TO  THE  DUKE  OF  WELL  INGTON  .  had  arrived  in  Jamaica,  Prior  to  the  departure  of  Magdalena  The  Solent  on  the  16th  ult.  was  13  ARRIAGES,  not  to  such  an  extent  that  would  render  it  difficult  for  steam-  Botton.  ...  •..  Samuel  Gardner.  Roch  i STYLE=superscript  dak..  vessels  to  keep  a  passage  open  by  repeatedly  breaking  800t1e...  ......  Mr.  Ewan.  M  il STYLE=superscript  •  l,  ,  .  Wog  m  il,*  . STYLE=superscript  -We  understand  that  the  Wellington  Statute  Committee,  our  last  advices,  both  reached  Kingston  -  '  0  the  27th  ult.,  in  b  he  Rev.  T.  Leigh,  yes STYLE=superscript  Barnsiell....  •  .  Richard  Pybus  PI  of  Guildhall,  of  which  Mr.  John  Wood  i  ommittee,  in  days  out  from  Southempton.  ne  n  the  2nd  instant  at  l STYLE=superscript  `ga  ton  C  to  hur  o  ch,  y  t  through  the  newly  formed  ice;  and  the  farther  the  vessels  ~,,  ,  stie  Jo  , STYLE=superscript  their  allotted  periods.  This  had  givengeneral  -  41  W  the  Magdalena  signalled  Rector,  Henry  Hunter  Goldi  g.  c  rdelia  Ellison,  only  daughter  unoriey...  ....  H  orat  i  o  -  •  Lawson.  St.  Helens  ..  1  533 STYLE=superscript  .f8  0 STYLE=superscript  s  chairman,  have  lat.  41.7  N.,  long.  28  _  ?  e  ..  b  f  the  late  Mr.  John  Scott,  of  &amp;is  town.  proceed  beyond  the  true  magnetic  p  .  ole,  the  warmer  the  Crewe.....  ..  m  •  .  ary  Cotton.  Thoi-  j  oie  selected  the  models  sent  in  by  the  six  following  seal  i  c STYLE=superscript  satisfaction,  and  exhibited  the  capabilit  oty  f  he  +l,  P  1.:  I  , STYLE=superscript  r  ShlD  Patricia  steering  a  out  0.  ,  •.  On  the  Id  of  .  September,  at  St.  Gaorge's  Cathedral,  Cape  Town,  water  is  found  to  prevail,  and  it  requires  a  remarkably  low  Chester.....  ..  Mr.  Horrop.  Souaport..  r  an  '  ,  o  el  those  entitled  to  the  premium  of  100  guineas  each  .-  P STYLE=superscript  A  e STYLE=superscript  ci  s STYLE=superscript  as STYLE=superscript  ,  Royal  Mailsteamers  to  erform  their  work  under  S.  W.  by  W.  She  had  a  large  black  ball  painted  John  Robert  Kindersley.  Esq.,  Madras  Civil  Service,  to  Emma,  third  state  of  temperature  to  form  ice  on  the  surface  on  the  ...  R.  &amp;H.  Taylor.  Stockport....  ••  •  i  t.  pilel  i  y  r  er•  1  Behnes,  Bell,  Foley,  Smith,  and  Thomas.  The  - STYLE=superscript  numbe  ams- STYLE=superscript  P STYLE=superscript  There  On  of  the  Hon.  Ewan  Christian,  of  Gape  Town.  fine  lava  enmh/  0 STYLE=superscript  -  9 STYLE=superscript  ..  .....  Mrs.  Quinin  e  .  a  ordinary  circumstances.  ere  was  a  very  general  deepest  parts  of  the  Polar  seas.  Some  remarkably  fi  '''tli•  4  '  models  before  the  committee  was  30.  on  her  foretopeail.  On  the  15th  of  September,  at  Poona,  Ingram  Francis  Chapman,  Holyhead.  .....  H.  G.  Hughes.  Wigan  .•  •  •  ,--„-  „,  Soil  oill  ,:.  ;  de  ression  • STYLE=superscript  et  business  circles.  A.ll  descriptions  of  E  s  q.,  Quartermaster  and  interpreter  of  the  3rd  Regment  Bombay  was  brought  home  by  the  officers  of  the  Phcenix  from  Banks-  Huddersfield,..  .  EMIGRANT  SHIPS.-A  col-respell-  P STYLE=superscript  '  1 STYLE=superscript  e  '  •  provisions  were  scarce  and  prices  very  hieb  i  n  Native  Infantry,  to  Louisa,  youngest  daughter  of  Colonel  Aplin.  land,  far  finer  and  closer  than  the  porous  p  .  umice  stone  of  Hyde...  ...  George  Booth.  Wigan  .........  ..  e  ors•  be  dent  of  the  Globe  The  Argo  has  brought  the  news  co  •  °  G  M  -When-they  finish  their  pro-  c  o  m  m  anding  her  Majesty's  86th  Regiment  at  that  station.  also  of  a  fine  Macclesfield....  Mr.  Shuttlewortb  a•  Itlto,„it  , STYLE=superscript  -of  the  safe  arrival  at  Melbourne  of  the  John  Barrow,  the  f  nsequence.  The  public  health  was  pretty  satis-  .  RISI  AND  ARIO.  2  , STYLE=superscript  th  uttimo,  at  Orbe,  switzerland,  Captain  Brownlow  Cole  the  lava  of  Mount  Etna.  The  .  plumbago  is  .  Ormskirk..  .....  William  Garside.  It ItactorY•  actorY• ItactorY• STYLE=superscript  Coughs  and  colds  prevailed,  but  yellow  'mei  ,  'al  tour  the  state  of  tea  s  e  t  h  1  dy'  hal  h  will  render  it  Bourdilion,  late  of  the  Bengal  Cavalry,  to  Amelie,  eldest  daughter  of  description,  and  a  number  of  mineral  stones  from  Melville  rescot.  first  of  Griffiths,  Newcombe,  and  Co.'s  Temperance  Line  of  f  •  •  the  wmter  m  repose.  OP  the  late  Rev.  J.  V.  D.  Jaques,  of  Montagny,  Switzerland.  Island  are  remarkably  heavy,  whatever  may  be  the  nature  of  Pest  on  James  Lambert.  DIS  Packets,  with  about  150  passengers.  The  commander,  •  ever  had  disappeared,  The  weather  was  becont-  necessary  for  her  to  pass  At  Belfast  a  very  severe  gale,  accompanied  with  DEATHS.  to  be  the  metal  of  which  they  are  composed,  and  appear  .  h  ,  PUBLISHING  OFFICES,  ••  vs  WO  Captain  Obed  Cary,  states  that  during  the  voyage  no  in.toxi-  ing  more  pleasant  than  it  had  been  for  a  long  time.  h  '  •  d  •  h  On  the  Ist  instant  at  24,  Bedford-street,  South,  Jane,  the  wife  of  1  CHARL-  - STYLE=superscript  l  ies•  De  Cord  '  rain,  set  in  on  Sunday  evening,  an  continued,  with  m  eavy  .  a  ,  .  .  worthy  of  being  investigated  as  to  their  value,  as  th  .  ey  nug  t  21:ate:ow  e  le,  SOUTH  JOIIN  ST.  PUB&#34;'  -i  , STYLE=superscript  James  Aleiander,  Esq.  eating  drinks  were  taken  by  the  passengers  or  crew,  or  ova  s  Intelligencer  contains  the  following  on  h  t  •ht  d  trd  ome  intermission,  all  t  a  nig  an  yes  e  ay.  even  administered  as  medicine.  He  adds  that  not  only  b STYLE=superscript  usiness  matters  :  .  .  .  ADMIRAL  SIR  CHARLES  NAPIER.—This  distin distinguished  guished distinguished  gentleman  has  been  in  town  for  the  last  few  days.  Yesterday,  accompanied  by  Bailie  Dreghorn,  he  visited  the  harbour,  afterwards  inspected,  at  th  e  Clyde  Trustees'  office,  the  plans  of  the  river  from  Port-Glasgow  upwards.  We  understand  Sir  Charles  expressed  his  astonishment  at  the  rapid  increase  of  the  amount  of  shipping  at  Glasgow,  which,  he  was  informed  by  Mr.  Knight,  the  treasurer,  is  greater  at  present  than  it  ever  was.  He  mentioned,  that  he  had  seen  a  statement  in  the  newspapers  to  the  effect  that,  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  a  proprietor  having  obtained,  by  Act  of  Parliament,  a  power  to  prevent  the  trustees  improving  the  river  at  certain  points,  the  effect  of  which,  had  been  to  create  shoals,  and  obstruct  the  tidal  flow  so  necessary  for  its  navigation  and  purification,  and  having  noticed  the  obstruction  on  the  plan  exhibited  to  him,  Sir  Charles  stated  it  as  his  opinion,  that  Parliamentary  powers  should  at  once  be  obtained  to  remove  every  obstacle  to  the  operations  of  the  trustees,  so  that  the  Clyde  may  at  once  become  a  first-class  port.—North  British  Daily  Mail,  of  Tuesday.  THE  ARCTIC  REGIONS.—There  is  a  very  general  impression  in  naval  circles  that  the  discovery  of  the  north  pas passage  sage passage  by  Captain  M'Clure  will  be  followed  up  next  year  by  the  despatch  of  two  steamers,  the  Phoenix  and  another  of  about  equal  power.  'When  two  steamers  proceed  through  the  ice  near  to  each  other,  the  forward  motion  of  the  last  vessel  prevents  the  ice  closing  again  so  soon  as  it  is  otherwise  liable  to  do  when  there  is  only  one  vessel,  and  consequently  -it  is  much  safer  to  proceed  when  two  are  employed  instead  of  one.  The  officers  and  crews  of  both  vessels  would  also  have  more  confidence,  when  entering  unexplored  channels,  when  two  vessels  are  near  to  each  other,  owing  to  the  hope  that  there  would  be  one  to  fall  back  upon  in  the  event  of  any  unfore unforeseen  seen unforeseen  accident  occurring  to  the  other.  The  ice  of  the  Arctic  regions  is  the  accumulation  of  ages,  and  it  is  surprising  the  small  thickness  that  is  formed  in  some  years,  and  certainly  not  to  such  an  extent  that  would  render  it  difficult  for  steam steamvessels  vessels steamvessels  to  keep  a  passage  open  by  repeatedly  breaking  through  the  newly  formed  ice  ;  and  the  farther  the  vessels  proceed  beyond  the  true  magnetic  pole,  the  warmer  the  water  is  found  to  prevail,  and  it  requires  a  remarkably  low  state  of  temperature  to  form  ice  on  the  surface  on  the  deepest  parts  of  the  Polar  seas.  Some  remarkably  fine  lava  was  brought  home  by  the  officers  of  the  Phoenix  from  Banks Banksland,  land, Banksland,  far  finer  and  closer  than  the  porous  pumice  stone  of  the  lava  of  Mount  Etna.  The  mineral  is STYLE=superscript  stones  from  Melville  Island  are  remarkably  heavy,  whatever  may  be  the  nature  of  the  metal  of  which  they  are  composed,  and  appear  to  be  worthy  of  being  investigated  as  to  their  value,  as  they  might  be  found  worthy  of  becoming  a  subject  of  commercial  enter enterprise.  prise. enterprise.  It  is  singular  that  none  of  the  officers  of  the  Phcenix,  or  of  the  vessels  of  the  Arctic  expeditions  now  in  the  far  northern  regions,  had  seen  the  comet  -which  -visited  this  sphere  during  the  present  year,  and  they  were  unawaxelof  its  existence  until  their  return  home.  C  0  Ui‘ITRI•  Ve  rt STYLE=superscript  Me  ss STYLE=superscript  °.  Is  A  C STYLE=superscript  '  ' STYLE=superscript  ,  We'  Runcorn....  •  -  •  ;V:  T  TOD STYLE=superscript  .  go‘ve;ol.  Rochdale...  ES.  .  Mblaf  ,  St.  flelens...  .  118$c STYLE=superscript  Ou  w STYLE=superscript  -  •  Tboisiso  00,  Southport  Stockport.....••  R  ge  Lf  r.  Wigan  .  Jam  e STYLE=superscript  ;  o  ,ltb  •  .  Wootton  Mo  b STYLE=superscript  st  ricA,,,  Wigan.  ........  memo•  ines  74  0 STYLE=superscript  Aro.  s  sz° STYLE=superscript  OP  ti  lts  •  9111  , STYLE=superscript  CHARLES  a  .10.  CITY  MONUMENT  TO  THE  DUK  E  OF  WELLINGTON  —We  understand  that  the  Wellington  Statute  Committee,  of  Guildhall,  of  which  Mr.  John  Wood  is  c  h  a  i  rman,  have  selected  the  models  sent  in  by  the  six  following  sculptors  as  those  entitled  to  the  premium  of  100  guineas  each  :—Adams,  Behnes,  Bell,  Foley,  Smith,  and  Thomas.  The  number  of  models  before  the  committee  was  30.  TEMPERANCE  EMIGRANT  SHIPS.  —A  correspon correspondent  dent correspondent  of  the  Globe  The  Arg  o  h  as  b  roug  h  t  the  news  of  the  safe  arrival  at  Melbourne  of  the  John  Barrow,  the  first  of  Griffiths,  Newcombe,  and  Co.'s  Temperance  Line  of  Packets,  with  about  150  passengers.  The  commander,  Captain  Obed  Cary,  states  that  during  the  voyage  no  intoxi intoxicating  cating intoxicating  drinks  were  taken  by  the  passengers  or  crew,  or  even  administered  as  medicine.  He  adds  that  not  only  were  there  no  deaths  on  board,  but  not  a  single  case  of  sick sickness.  ness. sickness.  The  passengers  expressed  -themselves STYLE=superscript  much  *used  with  the  provisions  and  the  conduct  of  the  officers,  and  twenty  of  them,  including  the  surgeon,  signed  the  temper temperance  ance temperance  pledge,  On  the  Ist  instant  at  24,  Bedford-street,  South,  Jane,  the  wife  of  James  Alexander,  Esq.  On  the  2nd  instant,  aged  76,  Mr.  Edward  Jones,  Nether&amp;ld-road,  North,  much  esteemed  and  respected.  On  the  Ist  instant,  at  his  residen?e,  Range,  deservedly  respected,  aged  49  years,  fir  illiam,  Green  icearsley.  He  was  managing  clerk  to  Messrs.  Cunliffes,  Brooks,  and  Co.,  'l3'a:biers,  'at  Manchester,  and  had  been  in  their  employ  upwards  of  thirty  years.  Lately  at  Collingwood,  Melbourne,  Margaret,  wife  of  Mr.  William  Anderson,  late  of  Ayr,  and  two  days  afterwards,  their  infant  daughter  PUBLISHING  OFFICES,  IVERPOOL,  19,  SOUTH  JOHN  MANCHESTER,  g,  PRINCESS  S  We  have  nothing  particular  to  note  of  our  markets.  S  ir  lienry.Barkty  has  - STYLE=superscript  arrived,  tmf  the  iegislutare  will  meet  on  the  18th  inst.  This  circumstance  has,  of  course,  had  some  effect  on  commercial  affairs,  as  a  speed  reimposition  of  the  tariff  is  anticipated.  Rolders  of  breadstuffe  and  arti-  ESCAPE  OF  T  ' STYLE=superscript  wo  PRISORERS.--  - STYLE=superscript  ShOrtly  before  the  closing  of  the  Marylebone  police  court  on  Monday,  the  jailer  went  into  one  of  the  --tells'-in-  order  to  -bring  out--a  prisoner,  when,  to  his  great  surprise,  he  found  that  two  men  who  had  been  locked  up,  one  of  them  charged  with  highway  robbery,  and  another  with  felony,  had  made  their  escape.  Pi  _,  Printed  and  P  u  bli  s  h  e  d  b  y  CHARLES  WILL  10 STYLE=superscript  3;60  0 STYLE=superscript  Oxford-stre  e  t,  a  t  hi  s  G  enera  l  P  r  inting  al  lu STYLE=superscript  n  m  Establishment,  19,  S  ou  th  J  o  hn-street,  Live  rl3 STYLE=superscript  e,  THURSDAY,  NOVEMBER  3, STYLE=superscript  iv  4;,"
