text
"PRESTON  STRIKES.  4  FROIII  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.]  PRESTON,  THURSDAY.—This  afternoon  Mr.  COWELL  ap appeared  peared appeared  before  a  numerous  meeting  in  the  Orchard,  and  com communicated  municated communicated  the  result  of  his  visit  to  London  this  week.  He  was  allowed  to  speak  for  a  few  minutes  at  the  close  of  a  lec lecture,  ture, lecture,  and  between  £6  and  £7  was  collected  for  Preston.  On  Monday  evening  he  addressed  an  onthnaituatio  mooting  la  th©  National  Hall,  Holborn,  on  which  occasion  he  sketched  the  history  of  this  movement  from  its  commencement.  He  anticipated  that  in  the  course  of  a  fortnight  or  three  weeks  there  would  be,  something  like  £l,OOO  per  week  coming  from  London.  (Cheers.)  The  whole  of  England  was  up  in  arms  against  the  38  manufacturers  of  Preston  who  had  closed  their  mills.  If  those  gentlemen  could  fight  all  Eng England  land England  they  must  be  very  good  warriors  indeed  ;  but  he  thought  they  would  find  themselves  incompetent  to  the  task.  On  his  return  from  London,  he  called  at  Stafford,  and  addressed  the  shoemakers  of  that  place,  who  promised  to  send  6d  each,  per  week,  in  aid  of  this  cause.  (Cheers.)  If  the  hands  had  not  been  badly  treated  by,  their  employers,  it  would  be  im impossible  possible impossible  for  a  few  delegates,  said  he,  to  make  them  believe  so.  He  could  take  them  to  a  mill.  iu  Blackburn  where  the  weavers  were  making  12s  per  week  off  a  pair  of  looms  ;  whilst  at  Horrock's  and  Miller's  they  had  only  been  able  to  earn  Bs.  9d.  Before  the  ten  per  cent.  was  put  on,  the  self selfacting  acting selfacting  winders  in  the  employ  of  Messrs.  Pilkington,  Park Parkplace,  place, Parkplace,  Blackburn,  earned  from  17s.  to  18s.  per  week;  the  same  class  of  hands  at  Messrs.  Horrock's  and  Miller's  could  only  get  from  I  ls.  to  12s;  (Shame.)  He  knew  this  to  be  a  fact,  for  he  had  worked  amongst  them  both  in  Blackburn  and  Preston.  Mr.  Miller  admitted,  at  the  mayor's  banquet,  that  the  workpeople  of  Preston  were  the  best  workpeople  in  Lancashire.  Why,  then,  did  he  not  give  the  same  wages  for  the  same  amount  of  labour  as  the  employers  of  other  towns  ?  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Cowell  concluded  by  asking  those  who  were  determined  to  stand  by  the  committee,  and  to  have  the  ten  per  cent.  to  hold  up  their  hands.  (The  response  was  unanimous.)  Mr.  S.  SMITH  announced  that  the  Blackburn  Burial  So Society  ciety Society  contemplated  presenting  the  Preston  operatives  with  £l,OOO  in  Christmas  week.  (Cheers.)  Cheers  having  been  given  for  Mr.  Cowell,  and  for  the  ten  per  cent.,  the  meeting  separated.  The  New  York  Journal  of  Commerce  says  that  the  trade  in  choice  furs  in  that  city  has  probably  doubled  within  two  or  three  years,  calling  into  existence  several  large  estab establishments,  lishments, establishments,  whose  aggregate  annual  sales  are  about  $1,000,009,  exclusive  of  many  other  establishments  of  minor  importance.  In  the  fancy  fur  line  alone  there  are  firms  that  are  now  do doing  ing doing  a  business  equal  to  $150,000  or  $200,000  per  annum.  The  traffis  in  skins  or  shipping  furs  is  still  greater.  The  report  from  Lyons  of  the  amount  of  silk  for  the  month  of  November  shows  a  total  of  2,835  bales,  weighing  464,7861  b.,  against  2,718  bales,  weighing  1  437,7451  b.,  in  the  preceding  month.  That  of  St.  Etienne  (the  Covetry  of  rrahee)  was  486  bales,  weighing  74,2161  b."
