text
"FERRY  COMMITTEE.  This  committee  in  their  report  stated  that  the  managers  were  directed  to  confer  with  the  captains  of  the  other  river  steamers  in  order  to  devise  a  better  system  of  danger  signals.  The  receipts  of  the  ferry  for  the  last  month  within  the  past  two  years  were—in  1852,  £1289  Os.  sd.  ;  in  1853.  £1589  14s.  9d.  The  report  was  adopted,  but  considerable  discussion  took  place  on  one  regulation  adopted  by  the  committee,  by  which  all  parties  officers  and  others,  are  prevented  from  passing  through  the  contractors'  gate,  and  are  compelled  to  pay  at  the  toll  gate.  Mr.  BAILIFF  on  the  part  of  the  watch  committee,  com complained  plained complained  of  this  arrangement,  and  said  that  at  the  last  meeting  they  had  to  pass  an  account  for  2d.  for  the  ferry  of  one  policeman.  Mr.  RAE  replied  that  the  inconvenience  could  be  easily  obviated  by  the  watch  committee  purchasing  a  number  of  tickets  at  one  time,  which  they  could  give  to  the  officers  as  occasion  required.  The  feeling  of  the  board  seemed  to  be  in  favour  of  the  regulation.  The  amount  paid  in  out-door  relief  in  Burton-on-Irwill  union  last  week,  was  £22  11s.  3d.  in  money,  and  in  kind  £ll  Os.  3d.  The  number  relieved  was  566.  FATAL  COAL  PIT  ACCIDENT.—One  of  the  pitsheadmen  at  the  Hillhead  Colliery,  in  the  immediate  vicinity  of  Kilmar Kilmarnock,  nock, Kilmarnock,  fell  down  the  shaft  on  Saturday  morning,  and  being  precipitated  to  the  bottom,  was  instsint.”---  , STYLE=superscript  .  r--•  RAILWAY  ACCIDENT.-011  Saturday  morning  a  coal  and  a  luggage  train  came  into  collision  at  the  Sanquhar  station  of  the  Glasgow  and  South-Western  railway,  whereby  several  waggons  wort.  damaged,  but  there  was  no  detention  occa occasioned  sioned occasioned  to  the  usual  passenger  traffic.  AUSTRALIAN  BANS.—At  the  half-yearly  meeting  of  the  Bank  of  Australia  held  on  Monday,  the  report  of  the  di directors  rectors directors  was  unanimously  adopted.  The  chairman  (Mr.  Oliver  Farrer)  referred  to  the  dividend  of  15  per  cent.  declared  in  October  as  indicating  the  progress  of  business,  and  stated  that,  in  addition  to  the  increased  amount  of  profits  which  the  board  had  been  enabled  to  distribute,  attention  had  also  been  given  to  the  formation  of  a  gurantee  fund,  towards  which  it  is  anticipated,  when  the  accounts  shall  be  pre presented  sented presented  in  June  next,  £200,000  will  be  found  applicable.  The  operations  of  the  bank  have  latterly  become  enormously  augmented,  but,  although  entailing  great  labour  on  the  managers  and  officers  both  in  London  and  the  colonies,  they  have  hitherte  been  conducted  without  a  single  impor important  tant important  loss  from  bad  debts.  According  to  the  latest  advises  from  Sydney  the  circulation  had  increased  in  the  interval  between  October  and  July  from  £659,000  to  £915,000  ;  the  advances  from  £971,000  to  £1,350,000  ;  and  the  de deposits  posits deposits  from  £2,200,000  to  £3,800,000.  The  only  discus discussion  sion discussion  which  took  place  related  to  the  future  prospects  of  the  bank,  and  to  the  terms  agreed  upon  for  the  site  of  the  new  London  establishment,  the  explanations  afforded  being  re received  ceived received  as  satisfactory.  D  AM  AGE  TO  SHIPPING  IN  THE  kIVER,  THAMES  ON  YES YESTERDAY.—Yesterday  TERDAY.—Yesterday YESTERDAY.—Yesterday  morning,  from  a  very  early  hour,  a  fog  of  intense  density  shrouded  the  river  in  a  darkness  of  the  most  opaque  nature.  At  half  ebb  (eight  o'clock)  the  great greatest  est greatest  confusion  prevailed  amongst  the  shipping  in  the  Lower  Pool,  and  in  Greenwich  and  Blackwall  reaches,  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  a  large  number  of  inward-bound  vessels  having  brought  up  in  those  places  on  the  preceding  tide,  owing  to  the  opacity  of  the  atmosphere  ;  and  the  shipping  o  u STYLE=superscript  t  ward STYLE=superscript  bound,  in  dropping  down  the  river  on  the  ebb  tide,  un unavoidably  avoidably unavoidably  got  athwart  hawse  of  the  tiers,  inflicting  serious  damage  to  smaller  craft  ;  bowsprits,  jibbooms,  figure  heads,  and  light  spars  were  carried  away,  and  the  bulwarks  and  stanchions  of  two  colliers  broken  in.  A  small  skiff,  with  three  men  on  board,  was  run  down  and  swamped  off  Ratcliffe  Cross,  Shadwell.  Providentially  the  men  saved  themselves  by  clinging  to  the  bobstay  of  the  vessel,  and  were  taken  on  shore  by  a  waterman,  who  picked  up  their  skiff.  It  is  stated  that  a  barge  was  swamped  at  the  east  end  of  the  Isle  of  Dogs,  but  no  authentic  intelligence  can  be  as  yet  obtained,  The  generality  of  the  mails  this  morning  were  late,  which  is  attributable  to  the  glassiness  of  the  metals,  a  sharp  frost  having  prevailed  during  the  night.  The  fog  cleared  away  about  half-past  eight  o'clock."
