text
"CA  T  1  &amp;c.,  for  Liver  31.  S.  Prometheus,  ~LM.S  land  the  French  pre  preclude  a  -Mali  ment  of  the  D  GORTSCHA  lIOFF  ne!e  from  comma  n  d  of  the  Russian  t  Crimea,  rom STYLE=superscript  and  ttle  General  Luders,  hitherto  comman  d  er  o  f  th  e  army  in  the.  South,  is  a STYLE=superscript  ppointed  in  his  stead.  i  ;;;;gu  a  K  r  o  n  t  i  t  y  is  in  re  t  m  he  oN  re(t  Prince  Paskiewitch,Field-marsharof  the  Russian  armies,  authorised  At.  de  Foulon,  to  conjure,  in  his  name,  the  Russian  Cabinet  to  accept  the  proposals  for  peace.  of  Bridge  he  Bridg  hod  of  cor  p  stone  found  in  Nurt  the  women  of  the  distr  hefuture  evening.  •.,..  in  the  enrtoh  eodflotutehbre:  r,  secretary  to  the  Archmqlogicai  Le  secretary  mentioned  that  the  read  the  second  Ttei,heeen  paperi  Rnge  gentleman  v  w.axiv,s  w  ho  orau.  tl  mdpworbaeoessreent  forthcoming  a  r  ite  e  nhn  a  c  d  oppmra  t  oir  h  nci  the  gl  principal STYLE=superscript  proceeded  dnut  t  ao  part  of  a  paper  by  John  Hodgson  Hinds,  Esq.,  on  the thehistory  history thehistory  of  the  western  portion  of  the  kingdom  of  Northum Northumberland,  berland, Northumberland,  down  to  the  time  of  the  'tonna'  conquest.,  a  Massy,  Of  Ch  at  city  •  •  j  uruni  at  tne  time  of  th  e  acc  i  dent,  and  was  severeiT  .sured  by  the  jury.  —On  the  body  of  William  Radford.  Ito  resided  at  No.  1  Court,  Cr STYLE=superscript  owe  -street,  and  who  die  mddenly  on'  Wednesday  evening,  after  taking  his  tea°  Verdict,  died  by  the  visitation  of  God.  --On  the  body  °  Edward  Smith,  who  resided  at  No.  6  Court.  Graysou_  s  treet.  old,  and  was  formerly  tl  Ile  went  out  y  ester  d  ay  morning  °  k  '  early  died  bho  ur,  fell  in  t  h  e  yar  d  ,  and  died  of  apoplexy  rdict,y  the  visitation  of  God.  THE  eAsE  of  Tule  Putn  NEZ.--The  dispute  betwee_il  ilessrs.  Bramley.llloore  and  Co.  an  d  t  h  e  Receiver  of  proitN  with  regard  to  fees  charged  in  respect  to  the  salvage  of  °  anchor,  dropped  from  the  Pied  Nez,  has  bePa  ated  by  the  Boa  r  d  o  f  T  rade  having  directed  0° STYLE=superscript  rto  return  the  a  moun  t.  T  he  case  had  excited  much  :  to  not  from  its  int  r  i  ns  i  c  importance,  but  from  '`  being  considered  t  o  a  ff  or  d  a  means  of  testing  a  ge  nera  principle.  In  thei  r  rep  l  y  to  the  Board  of  Trade,  ackno  v STYLE=superscript  ..;  'edging  the  award,  Messrs.  Bramley-Moore  and  Co.  state  tt  to  be  matter  of  notoriety,  that  a  systematic  plan  of  Ow  l STYLE=superscript  ;  Bering  ships  is  c  arr  i  e  d  on  i  n  the  river  Mersey  ;  that  it  is  °  uncommon  thing  fo  r  t  h  e  b  uoys  of  anchors  to  be  cut  awsl;  in  order  that  the  anch  ors  may  be  afterwards  picked  uP  salvage;  and  that,  in  their  opinion,  the  fees  claimable  such  cases  operate  to  prevent  the  system  from  being  vigor  ously  put  down,  The  deceased  was  (arty  x  year:  Very  1  Irtterest  P2_TB00309 1  and"
