text
"THE  SUICIDE  IN  THE  WORKHOUSE  An  inquest  was  held  yesterday,  before  the  Borough  Coroner,  to  inquire  into  the  circumstances  of  the  suicide  of  Margaret  Conner,  in  the  Liverpool  Workhouse,  briefly  mentioned  in  our  last  issue.  It  appeared  that  the  de deceased  ceased deceased  was  brought  into  the  female  department  of  the  lunatic  asylum  on  the  7th  inst.,  from  the  ship  New  World  she  was  then  in  a  very  desponding  state.  On  Wednesday  she  got  up  at  the  usual  hour,  and  was  dressed  by  Catherine  Dennan,  a  pauper  nurse  in  the  establishment,  who  gave  her  her  breakfast.  At  this  meal  the  nurse  used  a  knife,  and  when  taking  the  deceased  into  the  day-room,  she  put  this  knife  at  the  top  of  a  press.  Upon  her  return  sne  found  the  deceased  lying  on  the  floor,  and  at  first  she  supposed  she  was  in  a  fit,  but  upon  examining  her  she  found  that  she  had  cut  her  throat,  and  was  quite  dead.  The  knife  she  had  used  lay  by  her  side,  and  it  was  the  same  knife  which  the  nurse  had  employed  at  breakfast,  and  which  she  afterwards  placed  on  the  top  of  a  press.  Ann  Assender,  the  head  nurse  of  the  lunatic  department,  gave  evidence  to  finding  the  body  in  the  state  described  above.  The  coroner  cross-examined  both  these  witnesses,  but  little  more  was  elicited  from  beyond  the  fact,  that  the  nurse  Dren Drennan  nan Drennan  said  she  thought  she  was  acting  for  the  best  when  putting  the  knife  out  of  the  way,  and  considered  she  was  taking  care  of  the  lunatics  in  so  doing,  as  she  had  often  placed  a  knife  in  the  same  place  before,  without  its  leading  to  any  bad  results.  The  nurse  Assender,  in  answer  to  the  coroner,  said,  the  fact  of  iron  bars  being  placed  inside  the  windows  of  the  cells,  presented  facilities  to  suicide,  as  holdfasts  to  which  the  lunatics  might  attach  portions  of  their  clothes,  and  thus  hang  themselves.  She  also  stated  that  from  her  experience  of  the  .  treatment  of  lunatics,  she  considered  the  cells  in  the  old  asylum  were  much  I  etter  than  those  in  the  present  one,  because  they  were  lighted  from  the  top,  and  the  latter  received  light  from  win windows  dows windows  placed  in  the  sides.  Mr.  George  Carr,  the  governor  of  the  asylum,  was  the  next  witness  examined.  He  stated  that  an  order  had  been  given,  some  days  ago,  to  remove  the  bars  from  the  inside  to  the  ex exterior  terior exterior  of  the  cell  windows,  at  his  suggestion.  The  coroner  having  summed  up  the  evidence,  The  Jury  returned  a  verdict  of  suicide,  whilst  labouring  under  insanity,  declaring  their  opinion  of  tho  unfitness  of  the  lunatic  asylum  of  the  Workhouse  for  such  a  use,  and  recom-  Zlttsw  olitnail  va  cu  azicrea  as  w  arrora  s'arety,  cheer cheerfulness,  fulness, cheerfulness,  and  proper  ventilation  to  the  inmates.  IRELAND.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  •  DUBLIN,  THURSDAY,  DEATH  OF  SILL  WILLIAM  BETHAM.—This  '  gentleman  died  yesterday  at  his  residence,  Stradbrooke,  Blackrock.  He  filled  the  position  of  Ulster's  King-at-arms,  an  office  corresponding  to  that  of  Garter;  King  in  England.  It  was  rather  a  lucra lucrative  tive lucrative  berth  ;  but  it  is  doubtful  whether  it  will  be  continued,  as  its  duties  are  more  expensive  than  necessary.  THE  MAYNOOTH  COH  - STYLE=superscript  MlSSlON.—Saunders'  s  News  Letter  of  to-day  says  :  —The  Commissioners  are  pursuing  their  inquiry  with  Indefatigable  zeal.  In  addition  to  the  profes professors,  sors, professors,  deans,  and  heads  of  the  College,  several  students  from  each  class  are  taken  in  succession,  and  subjected  to  a  rigid  examination,  not  only  upon  certain  points  of  Roman  Catholic  theology,  but  upon  the  more  vexed  question  of  the  nature  of  the  allegience  to  the  Queen  as  indoctrinated  at  Maynooth,  as  well  as  to  the  extent  of  obedience  Roman  Catholics  are  bound  to  give  to  the  Iloly  See.  The  question  of  education,  generally,  forms,  of  course,  a  leading  feature  of  the  investi investigation,  gation, investigation,  and  some  of  the  more  advanced  students'  acqui  re  ment  s  have  been  severely  tested  by  what  might  be  deemed  a  regular  academic  examination  on  the  part  of  the  Commissioners.  ABDUCTION  OF  A  CHILD.—At  the  Commission  Court,  yesterday,  Lucy  Fay  was  indicted  for  having  enticed  and  taken  away  a  girl  under  ten  years  of  age,  namely,  four  years  old,  called  Maryanne  White,  with  intent  to  deprive  Mrs.  Selina  Alicia  Doyne  and  Sarah  Martin,  in  whose  lawful  keeping  she  was,  of  the  care  and  custody  of  the  child.  It  appeared  from  the  evidence  that  the  relatives  of  the  child  were  persons'in  humble  life,  her  father,  James  White,  having  been  a  gardener,  and  the  occupation  of  her  aunt,  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  at  the  bar,  was  that  of  a  washerwoman;  James  White  married  a  •  Roman  Catholic,  who  died  some  time  after  their  marriage,  leaving  an  only  child,  Maryanne  White,  to  her  husband's  care.  Immediately  after  the  death  of  his  wife,  White  brought  in  the  sister  of  his  wife,  who  was  alsO  a  Roman  Catholic,  to  live  with  him,  but  after  remaining  in  his  house  for  a  year  or  two,  she  left  him,  and  a  niece  of  White's  then  came  and  lived  with  him  up  to,  the  period  of  his  death.  White  was  a  Protestaut,  and  had  brought  up  his  child  in  that  faith.  As  regarded  the  abduction  of  the  child  the  facts  were  as  follow  :—On  the  7th  of  June  the  father  became  unwell,  and  perceiving  that  his  end  was  near  approaching,  he  became  anxious  to  make  a  provision  for  the  child,  and  accordingly  executed  a  deed  in  the  most  solemn  manner,  whereby  a  certain  person  named  Mrs.  Selina  Alicia  Doyne,  became  the  lawful  guardian,  and  at  the  same  time  made  a  will  disposing,  of  his  property.  Mrs.  Doyne  was  the  proprietress  of  an  in infant  fant infant  school  at  Newton  Park,  and  she,  with  the  approbation  of  its  father  before  his  decease,  gave  the  child  in  charge  to  the  schoolmistress,  Sarah  Martin.  After  the  death  of  White,  Mrs.  Martin  went  to  the  house  with  the  child,  and  while  it  was  there  playing  about,  the  prisoner  at  the  bar  who  had  come  there  also,  took  it  up  and  carried  it  away,  and  neither  Mrs.  Doyne  nor  Miss  Martin  had  ever  seen  it  since.  That  ottence  was  Dy  me  torn  iteo.  t  v  zeta  sec.,  cap.  dz,  maae  a  felony,  and  most  justly  so,  for  it  was  an  offence  involving  most  serious  consequences  both  to  private  families  and  society  at  large.  The  case  excited  a  great  deal  of  interest,  and  occupied  the  whole  day  in  its  trial.  Ultimately  the  jury  did  not  agree  to  a  verdict,  and  were  locked  up  for  the  night.  THE  WEATHER.—Torrents  of  rain  continued  to  fall  all  last  night  in  the  metropolis  and  neighbourhood,  The  accounts  from  the  provinces  represent  similar  severity,  and  several  floods  have  taken  place  from  the  swollen  state  of  the  rivers.  FACTION  FIGHT.—One  of  those  affrays  took  place  a  few  days  ago,  at  Dunamoner  fair,  county  Mayo.  Through  the  interference  of  the  police,  much  bloodshed  was  prevented,  and  seven  men  were  arrested.  ASSAULT  BY  A  ROMAN  CATHOLIC  CLERGYMAN.—At  tho  Kniss  county  quarter  sessions  yesterday,  the  Rev.  P.  0.  Keepe,  P.P.,  of  St.  Kyran's,  pleaded  guilty  to  an  assault  on  a  Scrip Scripture-reader  ture-reader Scripture-reader  named  Edghile,  and  expressed  his  regret  for  having  so  acted  whilst  labouring  under  excitement.  Under  these  cir circumstances,  cumstances, circumstances,  only  a  fine  of  one  shilling  was  inflicted.  OLD  BURIAL  GROUNDS  IN  IRELAND.—From  a  corres correspondence  pondence correspondence  which  appears  in  to-day's  Freeman,  we  are  informed  that  Lord  Palmerston  has  promised  to  introduce  a  bill  for  the  reparation  of  those  ancient  cemeteries,  early  next  Session.  A  NEW  ROMAN  CATHOLIC  BISHOT.—The  ceremony  of  choosing  candidates  for  the  co-adjutor  bishoprick  of  Dromore,  took  place  the  other  day  at  Newry.  The  following  is  the  result  :—The  Rev.  D.  Shockey,  of  Ballinahinch,  dignissimus,  the  Rev.  Dr.  O'Brien,  of  Turgan,  di  gnior,  and  the  Rev.  Dr.  Morgan,  of  Drumgeoland,  dignrs. STYLE=superscript  These  three  names  will  b  e  transmitted  to  the  Vatican  for  his  Holiness'  selection.  BALLYMENA  AND  PORTRUSH  RAtr.wmr.--Th  e  Ulsterman  says:  There  are  now  between  700  and  800  labourers  engaged  on  the  Ballymena  and  Portrush  line  of  railway,  and  as  every  facility  is  being  given  to  the  possession  of  the  land  along  the  prescribed  route,  the  impression  is  strong  that  Mr.  Dargan  will  complete  his  contract  in  even  a  shorter  period  than  that  agreed  upon.  THR  AamY.—Her  Majesty's  paddle  wheel  steam-frigate  Leopard,  18  guns,  560  horse  power,  Captain  George  Giffard,  left_  Spithead  on  , STYLE=superscript  Thursday,  at  6  p.m.,  and  arrived  in  Cork  harbour  at  10  a.m.,  on  Sunday.  She  leaves  for  the  Mediter Mediterranean  ranean Mediterranean  with  drafts  of  several  regiments,  which  have  received  orders  to  embark  as  soon  as  possible."
