text
"8  5  0  per  cent.  36  0  7  7  3  10  Balance  in  favor  of  BirkenheadX2B  16  9  Here,  then,  we  show  a  balance  of  no  less  than  £2B  16s.  9d.,  or  about  7d.  per  quarter  in  favour  of  Birkenhead,  a  port  which  has  been  created  by  pri private  vate private  capital,  and  therefore  with  a  positive  and  legi legitimate  timate legitimate  view  to  profit—over  the  Liverpool  Dock  Committee,  who  are  actually  barred  by  their  trust  from  studying  anything  beyond  the  public  good.  But  in  exposing  this  commercial  enormity  we  are  bound  to  state  that  our  figures  merely  embrace  the  Minimum  rates  charged  in  Liverpool.  The  warehouse  rent  in  Birkenhead  is  2s.  6d.  per  week  for  100  quarters,  therefore  the  saving  in  favour  of  Birkenhead  would  ,be  equivalent  to  twenty-three  weeks  storage,  free  of  charge.  And  if  we  take  the  present  price  of  wheat,  instead  of  its  value  when  shipped,  the  saving  would  be  equal  to  six  months  free  storage.  The  following  figures  es-  Alblish  the  fact,  where  the  grain  is  forwarded  from  ships  in  Dock;—  LIVERPOOL  BIRKFZIHEAD,  s.  d.  £  s.  d.  Dock  Dues....  11  2  3  Dock  Dues.....  NIL.  Cartage  to  Rail  8  G  8  Cartage  to  Rail  2  1  8  Total.  £l9  8  11  Total  Deduct  Birken Birkenhead  head Birkenhead  charges.  2  1  8  £2  1  8  Total  Saving  £l7  7  3  The  saving  here  again  in  favour  of  Birkenhead  is  more  than  4d.  per  quarter.  These  are  facts  of  great,  magnitude.  They  show  how  much  may  be  done  where  a  true  liberal  and  commercial  spirit  oc occupies  cupies occupies  the  place  of  vulgar  local  prejudices,  both  in  politics  and  municipal  government  Taxes  sound  as  euphoniously  to  the  public  ear  as  the  more  homely  names  of  Papa  and  Mamma.  They  are  the  wedded  evils  which  produce  all  the  social  abortions  'of  the  age  in  which  we  live.  Tories  and  That  they  should  allow  the  barrels  of  imported  flour  to  pass  through  their  hands  scot-free  i  ble  as  the  ex-Chancellor  of  the  hequer's  Budget  was  found  to  be  impracticable  just  as  impos  Tories  at  all  times  manifest  an  instinctive  lov€  for  handling  public  funds,  and,  as  they  boast  of  sort  of  imperial  respectability,  they  show  no  small  contempt  for  trifling  amount  Whole  hog,  come  apple  is  their  motto,  and  while  they  talk  of  our  Colonies  as  integral  portions  of  the  Empire,  and  as  the  groat  valves  through  which  our  trad6  and  commerce  must  draw  their  breath,  mark  how  they  treat  Colonial  produce  in  a  Tory  port.  For  the  purpose  of  illustration  we  will  assume  a  trans transaction.  action. transaction.  Canadian  flour,  4,000  barrels,  shipped  per"
