text
"THE  CRIMEA.  (nom  OtIR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  Camp  at  Sebastopol,  Jan.  12,  1856.  The  only  event  of  any  interest  that  has  occurred  uurieq  the  last  week,  has  been  the  final  destruction  of  ttie  docks  on  our  side  of  Sebastopol.  --  4;l:anent  of  these  splendid  works  Nv  destroyed  on  Tuesday  last.  A  great  concourse  of  fal  the  dignities  had  assembled  to  see  the  thing  come  of  f STYLE=superscript  .  Sir  William  Codrington  and  staff,  and  generals  innumerable,  were  down  at  the  place,  at  2  1) STYLE=superscript  :  111 STYLE=superscript  .,  the  time  appointed  for  the  explosion.  For  two  hours  did  they  wait  in  vain  for  the  completion  '°f  the  arrangements.  At  last,  at  4,  pm  ,  it  was  `  s STYLE=superscript  aid  all  was  ready;  there  was  a  great  pause— pause%generals  %generals pause%generals  looked  nervous,  a  staff  officer  turned  pale,  a  t  dead  sil  ence  ,  an  d  then  another  horrible  pause;  last  an  engineer  officer  stepped  forward  ;  every everybody  body everybody STYLE=superscript  heard  him  as  he,  in  a  firm  voice,  cried  &#34;twice;'  and  d  rew  his  breath  a  little  shorter  ;  made  th  e  heart  go  a  deal  quicker  ;  the  ut  eve  r  y  nerve  in  the  body  was  s  t  ra  i  ne  d  t  o  most,  waiting  for  the  terrific  roar  that  was  to  ollow.  Slowly,  it  seemed  hours  in  being  pro pro/a°:rteed,  /a°:rteed, pro/a°:rteed, STYLE=superscript  th  ere  came  forth  the  dreaded  signal  tt  ia  . STYLE=superscript  11 STYLE=superscript  4-  1 STYLE=superscript  '  Yo  u  cou  ld  a  l  most  h  ear  t  h  e  l  ong  b  reath  L  - STYLE=superscript  WitS STYLE=superscript  d STYLE=superscript  rawn  as  that  little  word  wen  t  f  or  th,  an  d  uotui  ng  more  was  heard.  It  was  a  failure,  and  the  colour  returned  into  many  a  cheek.  Another  a STYLE=superscript  ttempt  Was  to  be  made,  but  the  majority  left  im immediately,  mediately, immediately,  as  a  veteran  general  observed,  I  am  l  ai STYLE=superscript  d  for  being  shot  at,  and  d  on  't  m  i  n  d  going  un  d  er  °  on  duty,  but  h  ang  me  if  I  can  stan  d  b  eing  put  44 STYLE=superscript  nk  like  this  for  The  explosion,  how 'hower,'  went  off  successfully  about  six  o'clock,  and  tWorld,  he  docks  of  Sebastopol,  the  finest,  perhaps,  are  no  more.  The  army  still  continues  remarkably  healthy,  and  if  we  take  the  field  in  the  2  ti STYLE=superscript  llg,  will  b  e  th  e  b  est  E  ngland  ever  could  boast.  'fere  it  not  for  the  state  of  the  roads,  which  retain  their  essential  characteristics  of  Crimean  slush,  en STYLE=superscript  °  /night  fancy  oneself  any  where  but  in  a  foreign  fted  hostile  land.  Everything,  from  a  toothbrush  1  11 STYLE=superscript  ,  to  a  hut,  may  be  bought  at  Kadikoi  or  miesch  of  ;  we  have  railways,  and  the  heights  Balaklava  resound  for  the  first  time  to  'the  s STYLE=superscript  hrill  whistle  of  an  English  locomotive.  How  e  Greeks  or  Genoese,  that  once  sojourned  there,  WO STYLE=superscript  id STYLE=superscript  wonder  were  they  to  open  their  eyes  on  s STYLE=superscript  cene  that  now  stretches  itself  over  their  former  habitations.  It  is  amusing  to  watch  an  old  'Turk,  as  the  Alliance  or  the  Victory  (for  such  are  the  g  a STYLE=superscript  mes  of  th  e  two  transported  engines)  he STYLE=superscript  by,  a  smile  of  bewilderment  spreads  over  his  broad  face,  and  you  may  hear  'him  mutter,  Miashallah  !  it  is  very  an  omnibus,  a  real  'bus,  the  T  a  l  ez  f  re  d  e,  also  runs  n  .  ow  regularly  betw  een  B  a  l  aklava  and  Karniesch,  so  eirvilized  and  unromantic  are  we  become.  The  hard  frost  broke  up  last  Monday,  and  we  have  had  o.  southerly  wi  n  d  ,  with  very  mild  weath  er,  ever  otnce.  Yesterday  the  thermometer  was  at  sixty  five  degrees,  rather  a  sudden  change  from  last  Sunday,  when  it  stood  all  day  at  fifteen.  The  conseqnence  of  the  thaw  has  been  that  the  roads  have  resumed  the  appearance  of  a  sea  of  dirty  Paste;  but  considering  the  traffic,  it  is  surprising  they  are  as  good  as  they  are—the  road  to  Balaklava  18  in  first-rate  order.  The  last  FRANCE.  -~--t---  'as  utterly  FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  (  PARIS,  FRIDAY  EVENING.  t  corniti,:l:e  has  been  .  a  t  good  deal  of  excitement  on  the  s  excellent  barometer  of  d  .  t'  , STYLE=superscript  to-day  —t  in_  It  was  reported  I  poufical  situation  of  France.  ti  -ill STYLE=superscript  e  ,,  t STYLE=superscript  ,he  greatest  confidence  that  the  news  h  e STYLE=superscript  a  c STYLE=superscript  d'  a STYLE=superscript  nce  of  the  Austrian  propositions  by.  --  ea  d  USe  a  sanguinary  riot  at  Russiaoof  ti STYLE=superscript  l STYLE=superscript  e STYLE=superscript  rhae  persons  even  went  so  far  as  S  t  t  o  .  ay  Petersburg  th  at  tii  e  ;  But  the  v'lnPe'rer  Alexander  had  been  strangled.  ~Iverniuent  made  the  commissary  agens  .  7  th STYLE=superscript  5  Bourse  notify  to  the  c4(4496  that  it  had  received  no  information  Of  an  ,  Wer  e  e STYLE=superscript  vent.  Nevertheless,  the  Pour  .  siers  t  h  I,  aposed  to  take  a  gloomier  view  of  things  vi,  W  a  i  a STYLE=superscript  tl  i STYLE=superscript  i  at  7,47  i  l STYLE=superscript  l  l STYLE=superscript  l  i STYLE=superscript  t  l  m  y  o  es  st  te  a  r  l  d  l  a  s  y  and  so  business  left  off  yesterday,  ;  that  of  the  rents  of  s  u  i  l  n  the  threes,  75c  for  cash,  and  85c  for  the  en  d  ende  le-math  —four  and  a  half,  750  cash,  and  40  of  the  month.  In'  have  read  to-da  a  letter  from  a  Russian  noble noblethetah  thetah noblethetah  at  St.  Petersburg,  to  a  friend  in  this  cite cite,.  ,. cite,.  says,  that  the  news  of  the  Russian  acceptance  o  the  Austrian  propositions—which,  was  not  communicated  by  the  government  by  the  way,  i,  hadad!,  but  was  transmitted  from  Vienna— Viennabeen  been Viennabeen  received  without  satisfaction  by  the  p  ce  party,  a  n  the  war  party.  d  with  c STYLE=superscript  onsternation  and  rage  by  the  other  —the  peac  e  .  E STYLE=superscript  ach  party  vehemently  accused  gentry  contending  that  the  'war  faction,  by  '  their  violence,  had  driven  the  country  into  a,disastrous  war,  from  which  it  could  llot  escape  with  honour  ;  the  war  party  loudly  Itc  .  ea  sing  the  other  of  havinv  consented  to  the  disgrace  and  dishonour  of  The  Masses  of  the  population  not  Hol  Russia.  Holy  owing  exactly  what  all  the  fuss  was  about,  were  of  opinion,  as  the STYLE=superscript  y  almost  always  are,  that  what  the  Czar  had  do  n STYLE=superscript  e  was  right,  and  they  even  said,  that  h  e  had  fag  the STYLE=superscript  cowardly  enemies  kiss  his  sublime  seep.  fn  e STYLE=superscript  '  but  it  was  feared  that  when  these  brutal  and  „`tistical  !masses  should  become  aware  of  the  real  truth  there STYLE=superscript  would  be  terrible  commotion.  On  the  thole,  the  writer  of  the  letter  was  of  opinion  that  Nill  Conferences  which  are  about  to  take  place  .  v  lead  ohing,  inamuelf  as,  the  peace  party,  being  In  a  •  Minority  at  St.  Petersburg,  the  Czar  would  be  u STYLE=superscript  nder  the  necessity  of  endeavouring  to  gain  more  ia,vaurable  conditions  than  those  to  which  he  has  Rive  n  i  f  Allies  Is  assent  —a  thing  to  which  the  casino  consent  a STYLE=superscript  vi STYLE=superscript  °  of  ou  r  •  vs  apers  have  letters  from  St.  Petershc  ra,  butn  newspapers  only  contain  two  facts  word).  Inentioning.  Th  e  first  is,  that  the  Czar  took  his  l'esolution  to  accept  the  Austrian  propositions,  Without,  consulting  his  terrible  brother  Constan Constantime,  time, Constantime,  and  ,  that  that  he  was  afterwards  so  afraid  of  his  'anno  unce  to  'vrath  he  sent  his  b  ro  th  er  Ni  c  h  o  l  as  to  meat  whi  ch  is  him  what  he  h  a  d  done—an  announce announcesaid  said announcesaid  b STYLE=superscript  etween  th  to  have  l  e  d  to  a  furious  scene  en  two  br  ot  h  ers.  The  interview  of  the  Emperor  a  Consta STYLE=superscript  ntine  Was  expecte  d  to  be  terrible.  The  second  have  al  rea  d  y  learned  fact  is  (b  ut  you  will,  perhaps,  it  by  the  B  erl  i  n  telegraph),  that  General  Mouravieff  has  added  Kars  and  its  Pachalick  to  the  Russian  Empire,  and  the  Czar  not  only  accepted  the  addition,  but  sent  a  tele•  graphic  despatch  to  the  general  with  the  words,  '  Approved—thanks.'  The  Patrie  of  this  evening  (it  is  a  semi-official  a STYLE=superscript  uthority),  confirms  what  I  have  twice  told  you,  n STYLE=superscript  amely,  that  Paris  is  to  be  the  seat  of  the  approaching  hegociations—Russia  herself  having  indicated  this  ,City.  According  to  the  same  journal,  the  Allies  have  not  made  it  a  condition  sine  qua  non  that  Prussia  shall  not  be  admitted  to  U STYLE=superscript  nless  she  eng  ages  ,  i  n  t  h  e  event  of  e  Conf  erences  tth  heir  failur  e  ,  to  take  p  art  i  n  the  war  against  Russia.  Such  a  failure,  however,  the  Patrie  says,  is  contrary  to  all  proba 'probability.'  in  this  City  The  semi-official  journals  .Continue  to  manifest  the  greatest  confidence  in  Peace.  Scarcely  any  one,  however,  of  the  people  I  rofernsseieotn  though  they  are  of  all  classes  and  of  all  professions  entertains  the  same  opinion.  The  Legitimistand  O  r  l  ean  i  st  papers  continue  to  speak  of  England  with  insult.  though  ,  I  am  assured,  on  fair  authority,  that  to  -v,hgland  (as  I  have  already  told  you)  consents  to  an  armistice,  she  will  positively  not  consent  suspend  the  blockade  of  the  Russian  ports,.  and  .  that  she  has  made  France  approve  of  this  detei deteimination.  mination. deteimination.  T STYLE=superscript  he  official  Illoniteur  gives  to-d  ay  an  account  of  the  investiture  with  the  Order  of  the  Bath  of  the  I'rench  generals  and  officers,  whose  names  I  trans transmitted  mitted transmitted  to  you  yesterday.  It  says  that  at  the  banquetwhich  followed  the  ceremony,  Lord  Cowley,  the  Ambassador,  proposed  theJ  health  of  the  Em Emperor,  peror, Emperor,  and  that  Prince  Napoleon  spoke  as  follows  :  My  Lord,  and  Gentlemen,  I  propose  to  you  the  health  of  Her  Majesty,  the  Queen  of  England.  In  the  name  of  my  comrades  of  the  Army  of  the  East,  I  thank  her.  Majesty  for  the  high  distinction  which  she  has  been  kind  enough  to  confer  on  us.  If,  in  our  devotedness  to  the  most  just  of  causes  for  which  we  have  fought  and  triumphed,  we  had  need  of  an  encouragement  and  recompense,  we  should  have  found  it  in  the  striking  testimony  of  the  favour  of  our  august  Sovereign,  and  the  gratitude  of  a  great  people,  our  Ally.  In  the  name  of  the  army,  To  the  Queen  of  England?'  The  Moniteur  then  says  The  Ambassador  of  'and,  terminating  by  a  toast  full  of  oppoftune  ,s  and  importance  in  the  present  situation,  pro pro,sed  ,sed pro,sed  the  early  conclusion  of  peace,  and  the  egitimate  hope  which  the  new  negociations  gave  to  the  Allies,  and  in  particular  to  the  English  peo people  ple people  to  see  an  end  put  to  the  evils  of  war—evils,  he  added,  of  which  the  illustrious  soldiers  then  present  tould  appreciate  all  the  extent,  because  they  had  been  the  spectators  of  them,  and  so  many  of  their  glorious  comrades  had  been  their  victims.  This  fete  so  adds  the  Moniteur,  is  an  addi additional  tional additional  tie  between  the  two  armies,  and  the  two  It  is  calculated,  by  the  souvenirs  it  will  leave  in  the  minds  of  the  eminent  men  who  have  BEng  nations  received  the  striking  marks  of  the  kindness  - STYLE=superscript  Of  Queen  Victoria,  to  cement  the  alliance  of  the  two  Western  Powers,  on  which  reposes  the  future  of  the  civilised  Mete  remarks  have  excited  a  good  deal  of  ion,  and  have  been  diversely  interpreted  ;  people  think  that  they  are  a  sure  indication  of  peace,  and  others  that,  from  what  they  say  of  close  alliance  of  the  Western  Powers,  they  menace  war.  The  Bank  of  France  has  not  carried  into  effect  the  resolution  it  was  said  to  contemplate,  of  again  '  '  bills  at  three  months'  date."
