text
"the  loudest  spirit  of  discontent  and  opposition  has  manifested  itself.  At  the  celebration  of  the  Anni Anniversary  versary Anniversary  of  the  United  States  Republic,  the  general  management  of  Australian  affairs  by  this  country  was  also  asssailed  with  an  unmistakable  animus  ;  and  in  the  present  state  of  public  feeling,  both  in  Sydney  and  Port,  Philip,  a  very  trifling  circum circumstance  stance circumstance  might  produce  endless  mischief.  And  if  anything  would  tend  more  than  another,  to  hasten  a  breach,  it  is  such  language  as  we  find  in  the  columns  of  the  London  Times  of  Saturday.  Our  enraged  and  bellicose  cotemporary  thus  approaches  this  most  delicate  subject  :  We  have  not  now  to  deal  with  the  ordinary  case  of  a  colony  demanding  from  the  home  Government  the  manage management  ment management  of  its  internal  affairs,  but  of  a  turbulent  democracy,  puffed  up  by  the  sudden  and  unforeseen  possession  of  enor enormous  mous enormous  wealth  to  make  the  most  unreasonable  demands,  and  to  prosecute  them  by  the  most  violent  and  disorderly  means.  The  gold-diggers  of  Victoria  clai  m  ,  i  n  t  umu  lt  ary  pu  bli  c  meetings,  and  with  threats  which  it  is  impossible  to  mis misunderstand,  understand, misunderstand,  a  reduction  of  the  licence  fee  demanded  by  the  Government,  and  an  amelioration,  in  many  other  respects,  of  the  hardship  of  their  condition.  It  would  be  hard  to  conceive  anything  that  could  be  less  opportune,  or  more  directly  opposed  to  that  conciliatory  spirit  which  ought  to  be  pursued  by  the  Press  of  this  country  towards  our  Colonies.  Without  them,  what  would  England  have  been  ?  What  would  have  been  her  trade  ?  What  would  have  been  her  revenue  ?  Our  Colo Colonies,  nies, Colonies,  for  the  last  quarter  of  a  century,  have  been  the  recipients  of  considerably  more  than  one-half  of  our  annual  exports,  while  our  imports  of  Colonial  produce  have  nearly  equaled  one onehalf  half onehalf  of  tne  entire  imports  of  the  United  Kingdom  ;  and  after  we  have  millions  of  profits  in  trade,  and  fully  one-half  of  the  Custom's  revenue  from  colo colonial  nial colonial  productions,  the  London  Times,  with  the  bitterest  scarcasm,  tells  the  Colonists,  that  these  discoveries  of  gold  have  raised  the  expenditure  of  the  Government  many  hundreds  per  cent.,  and  rendered  an  enormous  outlay  necessary  in  roads  made  by  labourers  paid  at  10s.  a-day,  and  in  police  receiving  a  still  larger  stipend,  it  is  not  unreason unreasonable  able unreasonable  that  they  who  have  caused  all  this  expense  should  contribute  something  towards  its  liquida-  After  naming  the  several  grievances  put  forward  by  the  Colonists,  our  cotemporary  goes  on  to  say,  If  they  desire  more,  we  trust  that  there  is  a  sufficient  power  at  the  command  of  the  Execu Executive,  tive, Executive,  to  repel,  if  necessary,  force  by  and  winds  up  its  war-fermenting  essay  with  these  sapient  remarks  :  Sound  policy  would  require  a  much  higher  tax;  but  to  reduce  it  below  its  pre present  sent present  amount  would  be  to  betray  the  dearest  interests,  and  hopelessly  to  subvert  the  social  equilibrium  of  the  The  soundness  of  an  exhorbitant  taxation-policy  has  been  tested  already  in  our  management  of  Colonies,  and  if  we  were  to  calculate  the  loss  to  this  country,  arising  from  the  creation  of  hostile  tariffs,  and  a  system  of  reprisals  which  an  arbi arbitrary  trary arbitrary  and  insulting  policy  produced,  we  might  perhaps  convince  the  reflecting  portion  of  the  community,  that  the  sound  policy  suggested  by  the  London  Times  would,  in  the  present  case,  be  productive  of  incalculable  injury  to  both  England  and  her  Australian  dependencies.  But  the  sound  policy  of  a  much  higher  on  the  production  of  Colonial  gold,  is  not  the  idea  of  our  cotemporary  alone.  The  gentlemen  of  Thread Threadneedle  needle Threadneedle  Street,  whose  monopoly  of  the  bullion  powers  of  the  empire  is  fortunately  threatened  by  repletion,  have  long  been  trying  the  propriety  of  a  prohibitory  tax  on  the  production  of  gold  in  our  Colonies,  forgetful  of  the  fact,  that  such  a  line  of  policy  would  tend  simply  to  increase  the  gold  trade  of  California  at  the  expense  of  our  own  possessions.  Should  such  a  lino  of  policy  be  attempted,  it  will  be  by  no  means  difficult  to  anticipate  the  result.  At  present,  Australia  is  contributing  most  largely  to  our  industrial  wants,  fiscal  stability  and  national  greatness,  and,  to  use  re reproachful,  proachful, reproachful,  insulting,  and  tyrannical  language,  to  a  people  to  whom  we  are  so  deeply  indebted,  is  most  dangerous  and  impolitic.  Indeed,  it  is  impossible  to  disguise  the  fact,  that  we  are  this  moment  infinitely  more  dependent  on  the  gold  miners  of  Australia,  for  our  present  and  future  prosperity  in  trade,  than  they  are  on  us  either  for  protection,  political  aggrandisement,  or  the  advancement  of  their  social  happiness.  Let  us  hope,  then,  that  the  Colonial  Office  will  keep  a  steadfast  eye  on  the  vast  mutual  interests  at  stake  in  this  quarter,  and  that  it  will  not  allow  itself  to  be  drawn  away  from  a  conciliating  line  of  policy,  which  will  meet  the  demands  of  the  Colonists,  and  so  help  to  strengthen  the  bonds  by  which  they  are  at  present  bound  to  the  parent  State.  In  giving  to  New  South  Wales  full  power  to  legis legislate  late legislate  on  all  matters  relating  to  its  internal  affairs,  and  having,  moreover,  sanctioned  the  sale  of  land  for  the  purpose  of  raising  funds  for  the  social  ad advancement  vancement advancement  of  the  Colony  and  the  relief  of  this  coun country,  try, country,  by  means  of  gratuitous  emigration,  it  is  per perfectly  fectly perfectly  absurd  to  talk  of  the  lands  belonging  to  the  Crown,  and  the  right  of  the  Governor  to  deal  with  them  as  he  may  think  proper,  simply  because  the  sheep  range  has  turned  out  a  gold  field.  A  bar bargain  gain bargain  once  made  should  be  kept  in  perfect  good  faith,  and  when  the  Colonists  demand  the  sale  of  the  public  lands,  they  ask  no  more  than  what  law  justifies,  and  common  justice  requires.  improvements  have  been  made  on  the  old  regime— regimeand  and regimeand  several  legal  enactments,  which  never  could  have  laid  claim  to  justice,  have  either  been  altogether  repealed,  or  else  have  gotten  into  a  state  of  desuetude.  We  hope  that  CAPITAL  Puxisu.  MENT  is  doomed  to  oblivion;  and  that  our  rulers  may  soon  see  the  necessity  for  wiping  it  clean  off  the  statute-book.  Society  has  a  two-fold  motive  for  inflicting  judicial  punishment  on  criminals.  The  first,  and  more  immediate,  is  the  prevention  of  crime.  The  second,  and  more  remote,  the  reformation  of  the  offender.  Now,  any  infliction  which  falls  short  of  producing  these  results,  is,  to  say  the  least,  both  impolitic  and  inexpedient.  That  CAPITAL  PUN PUNISHMENT  ISHMENT PUNISHMENT  has  signally  failed  in  diminishing  the  higher  class  of  crime,  is  notorious.  Our  crimi criminal  nal criminal  statistics  show,  very  clearly,  that  when  the  extreme  penalty  of  the  law  was  most  generally  carried  into  effect,  crime,  so  far  from  diminishing,  increased  in  equal  ratio,  and  that  since  a  milder  administration]  thereof  has  been  adopted,  our  criminal  calendar  has  materially  decreased,  not  only  as  respects  the  number,  but  in  regard  to  the  character  of  the  offences  themselves.  This  fact  alone  is  a  powerful  argument  in  favour  of  the  total  abolition  of  a  statute  which  authorises  the  taking  away  of  human  life.  Next,  as  regards  the  refor reformatory  matory reformatory  object  to  be  gained.  It  is  quite  evident  that,  if  by  a  legal  enactment,  we  deprive  a  felon  of  life,  that  object  becomes  immediately  frustrated.  So  far,  then,  we  violate  the  grand  principle  upon  which  all  judicature  should  be  based.  Viewing  it  in  either  aspect,  we  find  that  CAPITAL  PUNISHMENT  fails  to  accomplish  any  beneficial  end.  Such  being  its  inutility,  we  see  no  reason  why  it  should  not  be  altogether  abrogated  whatever  other  infliction  may  be  adopted  for  criminals  of  a  certain  grade.  However,  independently  of  these  objections,  there  are  other  reasons  favourable  to  its  abolition.  There  cannot  be  the  least  doubt  but  that  the  legislators  of  former  times  considered  it  proper  to  make  public  examples  of  those  who  violated  the  laws  of  their  country,  thinking  that,  by  this  means,  they  would  not  only  satisfy  justice,  but  present  a  wholesome  check  to  evil-doers,  and  thus  stem  the  torrent  of  crime.  Unfortunately,  however  what  is  termed  Justice  may  have  been  appeased  —no  other  apparent  benefit  has  accrued  from  such  a  course.  Positive  evils,  rather,  have  followed  ;  and  the  pens  of  some  of  the  most  gifted  in  the  nation  have  been  employed  in  de describing  scribing describing  them.  Few  will  forget  Mr.  CHARLES  DICKENS'S  inimitable  letter  to  the  Times,  on  the  occasion  of  the  execution  of  the  MANNINGS  !  Who,  after  perusing  the  fearful  description  therein  given  of  callous  vice  and  horrible  depravity  displayed  in  presence  of  such  a  sight,  can  advocate  the  repeti repetition  tion repetition  of  so  dreadful  a  tragedy  ?  Whilst  JACK  KETCH  is  sending  a  human  being  off  the  stage  of  exist existence,  ence, existence,  the  artful  footpad  industriously  plies  his  trade  amid  the  anxious  crowd,  and  before  the  majesty  of  the  law  (?).  The  swell-mobsman  per perseveringly  severingly perseveringly  dodges  his  victims.  Jibes  and  jokes  are  recklessly  interchanged.  The  votaries  of  BACCHUS,  with  blood-red  eyes  and  gin  -blistered  lips,  congregate  in  numbers.  The  of  the  poor  outcasts  !  assemble  with  the  motley  throng,  to  while  away  an  by  witnessing,  to  them,  an  amusing  spectacle—horrifying  to  every  humane  feeling—legally  intended  to  expatiate  crime  and  act  as  a  salutary  terror  on  the  minds  of  the  viciously  disposed.  We  trust  in  GOD  that  such  tragedies  will  cease  to  be  enacted  in  a  British  land  and  before  a  British  people  !  Already  the  pillory,  the  cart,  and  other  relics  of  barbarous  times  have  disappeared.  Let  us  not  discard  the  lesser,  whilst  we  cherish  the  greater  evil.  But  vigorously  set  to  work  to  obtain  tho  repeal  of  that  horrible  statute,  which,  in  the  name  of  Justice  and  Religion,  demands  blood  for  blood  !  PASSENGERS  PER  H.  M.  S.  ARABIA,  Capt.  Judkiis,  from  New  York.  19th  October,  1853,  to  Liverpool.—kr.  Wilson  and  Lady,  Mr.  Child  and  Son,  Miss  Massett,  kiss  Guiseppi,  Miss  Guppy,  Mr.  Hamilton  and  Lady,  two  Misses  Sprague,  Mr.  Sprague,  Mr.  Beswick  3  children  and  nurse,  Mr.  Callender  and  Lady,  Mr.  Bramwell,  Mr.  F.  Bramwell,  Miss  Bramwell,  Messrs.  J.  Bramley  Moore;  W.  Wilson,  Sledden,  Bishop  Spencer,  Archdeacon  Shelair.  Rev.  R.  T.  Huddart,  Dr.  Espinosa,  Major  Askwitb  Capt.  Spencer,  Mr.  Sidebotham  and  servant,  Messrs.  Runnie,  Barr,  Mr.  Billings  and  lady,  Mr.  Case,  lady  child  and  nurse,  Messrs.  Bailly,  Badnall,  Spencer,  Wattin,  Rankin  Garcia,  Young,  Teddriss,  Stocko,  Siluare,  Cremonesi,  Keith,  Maclure,  Valentine,  Brown,  Barker,  Drege,  Mir Mirling,  ling, Mirling,  Robins,  Marsden,  Jackson  and  lady,  Partidge  jun.,  Sanderson,  Dr.  Traenkel,  Messrs.  Bowkley,  Sulli'an,  Jones,  James,  O'Gorman,  Colter,  Chambers,  Evary,  Mrs,  Belen,  Fetherstone,  Holmes,  Thorburn,  Linn,  Gast  )ormg,  and  Winters,  Mr.  Mark,  and  lady.  Total  89.  ADDITIONAL  STRIKES  IN  LANCASHIRE  There  is  reason  to  believe  that  the  number  of  operatives  n  strike  in  the  cotton  districts  has  now  leen  increased  to  letween  60,000  and  70,000.  Taking  tie  number  out  of  employment  at  Preston  to  be  25,000,  ant  those  in  Wigan  at  5,000,  we  have  now  to  add  to  them  11,000  in  the  Eacup  district,  and  20,000  at  Burnley  and  Padiham,  making  a  to total  tal total  of  65,000.  Besides  these  there  we  1,000  hands  on  stele  at  Bury,  and  several  thousand  (including  dyers)  at  Manchester.  Altogether,  therefore,  tie  number  out  of  work  is  little  short  of  70,000.  The  Bacuy  district  includes  the  townships  of  Bacup,  Newchurch,  lawtenstall,  Shareford,  and  Shawforth.  At  these  places  about  33  mills,  including  some  of  the  largest  concerns  in  the  manufacturing  districts,  were  stopped  by  the  masters  or  the  20th  inst.  under  circumstances  analogous  to  those  which  have  brought  about  the  lockout  at  Preston.  There  me  only  four  other  mills  in  that  district,  and  they  stopped  ox  Saturday  evening.  The  class  of  goods  manufa  . STYLE=superscript  ctured  in  tlis  district  are  mostly  those  which  are  taken  for  export,  including  madapollams,  light  T-cloths,  and  shirtings  of  India  qualities  ;  but  there  are  IN  glancing  at  the  history  of  the  mos  t  civilised  asoremthe  i  o  •o  n  d  ti  y  c  e  t  r  h  s  e  ho  o  m  o  o  f  t  t  h  r  a  e  d  o  b  e  t:  G  e  r  o  o  c  d  l  a  s  s  s  h  o  e  f  e  t  d  i  n  o  of  e  o  s  l  t  ot  c  h  s,  ar  s  u  o  ch  s  a  o  s  al  nations,  we  find  that  their  progress  from  barba-  made  by  one  or  two  houses  there.  The  employers  had  rism  has  been  very  slow.  And  even  centuries  a  meeting  h  on  Wednesday,  at  which,  however,  netting  was  r  rd  re  o  sr  N  e  ov  w  em  or  b  k  o  ,  n  an  A  d  a  l  l  e  a  t  d  i  j  r  n  o  adjournment  after  any  decided  advance  had  been  made,  we  dis-  took  done STYLE=superscript  place  t STYLE=superscript  until  cover  traces  of  their  previous  condition,  in  the  cus-  ratives  was  held  the  same  evening,  when  they  were  ad adtoms  toms adtoms  and  laws  which  then  prevailed  amongst  the  dressed  by  delegates  from  other  towns,  and  some  flattering  people.  Our  own  country,  unlbitunatcly,  dOOO  not  sottatteermtelini  things  weresi  t  was  madestated  o  th  b  a  u  t  oL  ir  l  .o  th  n  eir  Tyr  spi  ri  t.  e4  A  .  m  h  on  a  §  prove  an  exception  to  this  rule.  We  also  possess  sent  to  the  operatives  on  strike  at  Preston  a  chec  k  i STYLE=superscript  for  Z5OOl.  laws  and  customs,  which,  however  they  may  agree  A  rumour  was  industriously  spread  at  the  meeting  also  that  with  a  rude  Druidical  epoch,  a  re  cer  t  a  i  n  l  y  ou  t  of  the  Earl  of  Derby  had  promised  2,0001.  Burnly  the  mills  stopped.  An  overture  l'as  made  by  place  in  this  age,  and  amid  the  splendour  of  our  some  of  the  workmen  at  one  mill  with  a  view  to  accommo accommocivilisation.  civilisation. accommocivilisation.  However,we  mean  to  confine  ourselves,  dation,  but  they  were  informed  that  the  emyloyers  did  not  for  the  present,  to  one  law  which  stands  forth  .meet  mill  till  the  19th  of  November,  and  flat  in  the  mean meantime  time meantime  individual  firms  did  not  possess  the  lamer  to  negotiate  conspicuous  in  our  statute  •-  book,  and  which,  for  a  resumption  of  labour.  The  number  of  mills  now  although  it  has,  times  without  number,  called  closed  at  Burnley  is  68,  and  some  of  them  are  very  ex exforth  forth exforth  severe  animadversions  on  the  p  ar  t  o  f  th  e  tensive  establishments.  At  Padiham  4,11  the  mills  stopped  public,  still  remains  as  a  damning  blot  upon  our  yesterday  except  two.  Of  those  corunuing  at  work  the  principle  one.  is  that  of  Mr.  Waddinpon  ;  the  other  is  a  co cojudicial  judicial cojudicial  code;  presenting  also  a  horrible  contrast  operative  establishment,  having  about  300  looms  only,  and  to  the  general  humanity  of  our  social  institutions,  120  workpeople.  Various  classes  if  fabrics  are  produced  at  and  the  enlightened  and  benig  n  s  pi  r  it  o  f  th  e  Burnley,  including  a  considephle  quantity  of  printing  clothes.  Nineteenth  Century.  We  allude  particularly  to  At  Accrington,  the  centre  another  district,  the  em emwhat  what emwhat  is  termed  CAPITAL  PUNISHMENT.  ployers  had  a  meeting  on  nursday,  ;when  it  appeared  that  osed  to  close  their  mills,  but  a  portion  of  them  were  diD  That  there  should  be  found,  at  the  present  day,  the  proposal  met  with  son  opposition,  and  the  proceedings  individuals  who  advocate  the  necessity  and  justice  were  adjourned  for  a  we-k.  The  fabrics  made  here  include  of  this  doctrine,  is  to  us  the  most  incomprehensi-  a  good  many  of  the  b  e  4,,er  class  of  jaconets,  such  as  are  used  ble  of  problems.  At  a  time,  too,  when  some  of  for  hom. STYLE=superscript  cs.  The  disKsiti  home  consumptioi,  shirtings,  for  the  same  trade,  and  domestics.  on  of  the  employers  here  is  to  close  the  most  benevolent  and  enlightened  spirits  of  rather  than  run  at  the  increased  wages,  because  at  the  this  country  and  the  New  World,  consider  it  not  -present  market  mites,  they  have  no  prospect  of  continuing  only  incompatibl  e  w  i  t  h  t  h  e  c  h  aracter  o  f  at  a  profit.  AF  the  hands  at  one  of  the  nulls  at  Accrington  were  leaving  work  on  Wednesday  evening,  some  of  them  but  morally  wrong,  to  deprive  even  the  lower  took  advantsge  of  the  confusion  and  the  partial  darkness  animals  of  existence,  i  n  or  d  er  t  o  a  d  m  i  n  i  s  t  er  t  o  arising  free.  a  great  portion  of  the  gaslights  having  be  en  human  necessities.  extinguisied,  to  draw  knives  across  the  warps  of  unfinished  pieces  if  cloth  in  the  looms.  thus  seriously  damaging  the  Doubtless,  there  is  perceptible  a  growing  ten  propey  of  their  employers.  Under  these  circumstances  the  dency  on  the  part  of  judicial  functionaries  to  lean  milywners  refused  to  allow  the  engine  to  start  next  mor morto  to morto  the  side  of  clemency,  and  as  p  ower  f  u  l  a  di  s  nog  unless  the  operatives  would  disclose  the  names  of  the  po-  o  tenders,  and  pay  the  damage.  About  half  of  the  work worksition  sition worksition  evinced  to  a  v  oid  the  extreme  penalty  which  people  agreed  to  pay  their  share,  but  the  others  demurred,  the  law  demands  in  certain  cases.  Still,  this  fact,  and  had  not  been  allowed  to  resume  work  on  Thursday,  the  of  whilst  it  reflects  honou  r  upon  the  geniu  s  o  f  tlze  date  At  B  our  last  Burp  the  operaccount.  atives  out  of  work  are  chiefly  in  the  fus fusage,  age, fusage,  and  the  character  of  those  who  administer  tian  trade,  and  amount  to  about  1,000,  but  the  employers  of  our  legal  jurisprudence,_  is  far  from  dimin;shing  a  large  number  of  other  cotton  spinners  and  weavers  have  given  notice  to  their  hands  of  a  lockout  unless  they  discou discouthe  the discouthe  stain  which  an  gfete  barbarism  has  left  upon  tinue  their  contributions  to  those  out  of  work  in  their  own  the  law  itself.  Within  our  own  recollection,  many  town  and  Preston  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  ABERCROMBY  WARD  A  Public  of  the  burgesses  of  this  ward,  favourable  to  the  return  of  R.  C.  Gardner  Esq.,  as  its  representative  in  the  Town  Council,  was  held  on  Saturday  evening,  in  the  Phcenix  . STYLE=superscript  Inn.  The  proceedings,  which  were  advertised  to  take  place  at  74  o'clock,  did  not  commence  until  past  8  o'clock  —Mr.  R.  Gnirprrns  presided.  Mr.  C.  ROBINSON,  the  secretary,  at  the  request  of  the  chairman,  read  a  letter  of  apology  from  Mr.  Hugh  Neill,  for  his  non-attendance  in  consequence  of  ill-health.  Mr.  Neill  bore  testimony  to  the  efficiency  and  activity  of  Mr.  Gardner  while  in  the  council,  and  censured  Mr.  Robertson  Gladstone,  and  Mr.  Earle  for  acting  as  judicious  bottle-holders  to  the  opposite  The  CHAIRMAN  said  that  up  to  Friday  morning  they  were  under  the  impression  that  they  would  have  had  a  quiet  day  of  it  on  the  First  of  November  ;  but  to  the  surprise  of  all  a  meeting  was  held  on  that  (Friday)  evening  of  the  liberal  party  at  a  neighbouring  public  house.  The  meeting,  which  was,  however,  a  small  one,  accor  di  ng  l  y  t  oo  k  p  l  ace  ,  and  resolved  and  pet  a  young  and  inexperienced  gentleman,  Mr.  Braneker,  in  opposition  to  Mr.  Gardner.  Mr.  Robert Robertson  son Robertson  `Gladstone,  and  Mr.  Earl  e  ,  a  tt  en  d  e  d  th  a  t  meet  i  ng  and  indulged  in  a  great  deal  of  abuse  amainst  the  Conserva Conservative  tive Conservative  party,  for  the  other  side  never  lost  an  election  but  they  always  attributed  it  either  to  bribery,  fete-ing,  and  clam clampaig,ning,  paig,ning, clampaig,ning,  or  something  of  that  sort.  (Hear,  hear.)  But  whatever  the  Conservatives  did  in  that  way,  if  they  did  any  at  all,  they  knew  that  the  other  .  party  did  a  great  deal  more.  (Hear,  hear.)  But  what  was  sin  in  them  was  grace  with  the  others.  (Hear,  hear,  and  laughter.)  Mr.  E.  ARNAUD,  Collector  of  Customs,  proposed  the  first  resolution.  He  said  that  it  was  very  unusual  for  him  to  appear  at  a  meeting  of  this  sort,  and  that  he  would  not  have  attended  if  he  did  not  consider  that  it  was  a  most  important  matter  to  elect  a  proper  representative  for  this  ;ward.  If  death,  or  any  other  casualty  had  deprived  them  of  their  re representative  presentative representative  they  should  take  pains  to  elect  a  fit  person  in  his  place  ;  but  when  an  old  and  faithful  representative  and  servant,  as  in  the  present  instance,  was  before  them,  it  would  be  extremely  fickle  in  than  if  they  did  not  support  him,  or  if  they  showed  any  want  of  gra gratitude  titude gratitude  for  his  services  (Hear,  hear).  Therefore  impelled  by  a  sense  of  public  duty  he  came  forward  to  pro=  pose  the  following  resolution  :—Resolved,  that  the  best  thanks  of  this  meeting  are  due  and  hereby  accorded  to  R.  C.  Gardner,  Esq.,  for  his  past  services  in  the  Council,  and  that  this  meeting  pledges  itself  to  use  its  utmost  exertion  to  insure  his  re-election.  (Cheers).  Mr.  R.  IV.  WADDINGTON  seconded  the  resolution.  He  thought  he  need  not  say  a  word  in  its  support,  for  they.all  knew  what  Mr.  Gardner  had  done,  and  that  his  conduct  in  the  Council  had  given  them  very  great  satisfaction.  (Hear,  hear).  He  had  no  doubt  but  that  Mr.  Gardner  would  be  returned  by  a  very  large  majority.  (Cheers).  Mr.  TOULMIN  T.  C.  then  sp  o  ke  i  n  su  pp  or  t  o  f  th  e  reso resolution.  lution. resolution.  He  said  that  not  being  a  burgess  of  the  ward  he  did  not  know  that  he  had  any  right  to  take  an  interest  in  the  proceedings,  bit  that  knowing  the  value  of  their  proposed  representative,  he  felt  that  he  might  tak  e  th  e  lib  er  t  y  o  f  testifying  to  his,  (Mr.  Gardner's)  merits,  (  hear,  hear).  The  next  question  that  at  .  present  agitated  the  public  mind  ii  Liverpool  was  an  d  in  the  promotior  of  these  measures  of  improvement,  he  did  not  know  an:  member  of  the  Councill  who  took  a  more  active  or  efficien  part  than  Mr.  Gardner.  (Cheers).  Mr.  Toulmin  then  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  to  say  that  a  man  should  serve  a  certain  servitude  tc  become  acquainted  with  the  business  of  the  Council,  an(  that  it  was  improper,  and  injurious  to  the  public  interest,  tc  discard  a  man  the  very  moment  he  had,  through  his  ex experience,  perience, experience,  become  a  useful  public  servant.  This  was  the  cast  with  Mr.  Gardner,  and  he  therefore  hoped  they  would  return  him  by  a  triumphant  majority  (cheers).  The  resolution  was  then  put  and  adopted  unanimously.  Mr.  GARDNER  on  presenting  himself,  was  loudly  ap applauded.  plauded. applauded.  He  said  that  they  would  excuse  him  for  feeling  a  little  diffident  in  rising,  after  the  warm  eulogium  passed  on  him,  particularly  by  so  good  a  man  as  his  old  and  esteemed  friend,  Mr.  Arnaud.  Very  few  occasions  would  have  induced  him  (Mr.  Arnaud)  to  come  forward  in  public,  but  he  saw  on  this  occasion  that  industry  was  about  to  be  neither  rewarded  nor  fairly  treated,•  and  therefore  he  attended  on  that  evening  to  do  him  that  justice  which  he  (Mr.  Gardner)  hoped  the  meeting  believed  was  his  due.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  was  due  to  them  that  he  should  touch  upon  a  few  matters  that  were  at  present  before  the  council.  The  first  he  would  speak  on  was  the  sewerage  of  the  town,  and  that  they  all  knew  had  been  very  much  and  well  attended  to,  as  the  present  healthy  state  of  the  town,  of  which  they  ought  all  to  feel  proud,  fully  testified.  Much  had  been  done,  but  much  should  and  would  be  done  ;  and  of  this  he  was  convinced,  that  when  they  studied  the  health  of  the  town,  and  the  poorer  inhabitants,  they  were  protecting  the  rich.  (Cheers.)  He  would  now  refer  to  a  matter  with  Which  he  thought  they  were  not  well  ac acquainted,  quainted, acquainted,  and  which  would  be  a  great  advantage  to  the  ward—he  alluded  to  the  improvements  that  was  going  on  the  Wavertree  estate.  He  had  always  a  d  voca  t  e  d,  an  d  had  been  ably  assisted  by  Mr.  Toulmin  in  doing  so,'  the  purchase  of  that  land,  because'  he  conceived  that  it  would  afford  the  purest  and  the  best  of  plea  sures  b  o  th  t  o  th  e  r  i  c  h  and  poor.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  had  succeeded  in  that  advocacy,  and  now  the  poor  man  might  take  his  family  there,  and  give  them  that  instruction  which  really  was  the  most  christian  of  all  tcaohing,  nml  pnintinv  out  to  them  the  nature  and  the  beauty  of  the  planets,  and  so  leading  them  to  wonder  at  and  admire  the  works  of  the  creation.  (Applause.)  They  had  heard  a  great  deal  of  saltwater  baths;  and  though  he  had  been  at  variance  with  the  committee  on  this  subject  a  long  time  ago,  yet  he  was  bound  to  say  that,  one  by  one,  they  were  coming  round  to  his  views.  The  present  situation  of  the  baths  was  both  un unpleasant  pleasant unpleasant  and  inconvenient,  for  if  a  gentleman  took  his  family  there  to  enjoy  the  luxury  of  a  saltwater  bath,  he  had  to  traverse  the  dock  gates,  and  come  in  contact  with  that  which  was  very  disagreeable  to  the  feelings.  He  had  always  advocated  central  saltwater  baths,  for  he  believed  that  they  would  not  only  be  self-supporting,  but  would  pay  a  per  tentage—(hear,  heer);  and  if  they  were  to  have  such  baths,  he  was  convinced  that  the  best  site  for  them  would  be  in  the  neighbourhood  of  St.  George's-hall.  (Hear,  hear.)  Re  should  persevere,  even  though  single-handed,  until  this  was  accomplished;  and  if  any  gentleman  in  the  meeting  differed  with  him  on  this  subject,  he  would  be  most  happy  to  give  him,  if  he  called  at  his  office,  every  reason  for  the  soundness  of  his  views.  'With  regard  to  the  town  improve improvement,  ment, improvement,  they  had  to  deal  with  many  opinions  and  many  men,  some  of  them  with  a  great  flow  of  language,  but,  he  was  sorry  to  say,  very  litte  sense.  (Hear,  hear,  and  laughter.)  Mr.  Gardner  then  proceeded  to  observe  that,  of  course,  every  thing  could  be  done,  and  every  body  satisfied,  if  the  Council  had  sufficient  money;  but  that  net  being  the  case,  they  could  carry  out  only  those  improvements  which  were  most  wanting,  and  would  be  most  serviceable.  And  he,  for  his  part,  was  not  one  of  those  who  would  tax  the  present  for  the  benefit  of  a  future  generation.  (Cheers.)  He  then  alluded  to  the  improvements  which  were  about  to  be  carried  out,  and  observed  that  they  would  open  up  an  amount  of  property  and  do  more  good  to  the  town  than  many  were  aware  of.  He  would,  however,  always  do  with  the  corpora corporation  tion corporation  money  only  what  he  would  do  with  his  own,  and  thif  he  conceived  was  the  duty  of  every  faithful  and  honest  representative.  (Cheers.)  There  was  another  matter  in  which  he  took  a  very  deep  interest,  namely,  the  Library  and  Museum,  which  would  be,  through  the  munificent  grant  of  Mr.  Brown,  and  of  the  Corporation,  and  the  contribu contributions  tions contributions  of  other  gentlemen,  such  an  advantage  to  Liverpool,  as  very  few  towns  possessed.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  was  a  matter  of  controversy,  certainly,  where  it  should  be  placed,  but  it  seemed  to  him  that  it  was  the  wish  of  the  Council  that  it  should  be  near  St.  George's  Hall.  And  that  it  should  be  so,  he  thought  right,  for  they  should  d  o  ever  ythi  ng  i  n  that  locality  to  set  off  the  beauty  of  so  noble  a  building.  (Hear,  hear.)  They  had  sent  him  into  the  Council  before,  and  he  did  not  know  whether  he  was  fortunate  in  having  beaten  Mr.  Robertson  Gladstone;  but  if  they  returned  him  again,  having  now  greater  experience,  he  was  sure  that  he  would  render  them  even  more  satisfaction  than  he  had  here-  tofore  done.  (Cheers.)  In  conclusion,  Mr.  Gardner  — STYLE=superscript  said  that  he  would  go  into  the  Council  unshaken  and  unpledged,  for  as  their  common  object  was  the  welfare  of  the  towu,  he  would  support  only  that  Arhieb  WAR  rATIIIIIIIIVA  to  ellt4l  All  end.  Mr.  Christian  proposed  the  second  resolution,  which  was  to  the  effect  that  a  Committee  be  appointed  to  carry  out  the  election.  Mr.  Nicholson  second  the  resolution,  which  was  unani unanimously  mously unanimously  adopted.  .  Mr.  H.  Dawson  then  came  forward  and  moved  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  chairman,  and  observed  that  Mr.  Gardner  having  amassed  a  large  fortune  by  industry  and  perseverance,  was  now  wishini  to  devote  'the  experience  which  he  had  so  acquired,  to  the  public  service.  It  was,  therefore,  absurd  to  put  a  young  man,  a  perfect  green-horn,  (hear,  hear,  and  laughter),  in  the  place  of  one  who  had  per performed  formed performed  his  duties  so  efficiently,  and  in  whom  the  ward  had  so  much  confidence.  Mr.  J.  GARDNER  seconded  the  resolution,  and  after  testi testifying  fying testifying  to  the  services  which  his  fath  er  rece  i  ve  d  f  rom  t  h  e  chairman,  alluded  in  condemnatory  language  to  certain  ex-  pressions  which  had  been  made  aethe  liberal  meeting.  4 STYLE=superscript  His  father  '  he  observed,  was  objectionable  to  th  e  o  th  er  s  id  e  ,  an  d  solely  from  this  fact,  that  he  had  made  many  friends  among  their  own  party.  (Cheers)  The  resolution  was  unanimously  adopted,  after  which  the  meeting  separated.  (Before  EDWARD  JAMES,  INVESTIGATION  INTO  THE  ACCOUNTS  OF  THE  GAS  COMPANY  At  twelve  o'clock  on  Saturday,  Mr.  EVANS  attended  at  the  Assize  Court,  St.  George's-hall,  to  make  an  application  to  the  Recorder  for  the  appointment  of  a  qualified  person  to  inquire  into  the  accounts  of  the  Liverpool  United  General  Gas  Company.  Mr.  Raye  attended  with  Mr.  Evans.  Mr.  Carson,  secretary  to  the  company,  Mr.  King,  engineer,  and  Mr.  Beloe,  one  of  the  gentlemen  appointed  last  year  to  report  upon  the  accounts,  were  also  present.  Mr.  EVANS  said  :  I  am  instructed,  sir,  to  apply  to  you  under  the  various  clauses  which  give  you  authority,  in  two  acts  of  parliament,  the  first  being  the  Liverpool  Gas  Act,  and  the  other  the  Gas  Clauses  Act,  of  the  one  section  41,  and  of  the  other  section  35,  to  make  the  usual  appointment  of  accountant  to  look  over  and  report  to  you  upon  the  ac accounts,  counts, accounts,  and  the  reports  which  have  been  recently  filed.  I  was  only  thus  instructed  this  morning,  and  I  wish  I  had  been  instructed  before,  as  I  should  be  able  to  state  at  much  greater  length  and  with  greater  accuracy  than  I  am  able  to  do  now;  but  there  appears  to  be  loud  complaints  in  the  town  upon  the  subject.  You  will  see  that  there  are  two  very  important  parties  concerned  in  it,  this  large  company  and  the  great  number  of  consumers.  The  latter  complain  bitterly  of  the  proprietors  of  the  company  that  no  reduction  has  been  made  in  the  price  of  gas.  Whether,  upon  exami examination  nation examination  of  all  the  'accounts  the  complaints  are  correctly  founded,  I  are  not  in  a  condition  to  state,  until  we  shall  have  had  the  report  of  a  competent  person  ;  but  it  appears  ,there  is  a  reserve  fund  of  £2,046,  that  is  up  to  June,  1853.  Cotrizr  :  What  accounts  are  there  ?  Mr.  EVANS  :  Up  to  June,  1853.  COURT  :  I  do  not  think  I  have  before  me  any  account  so  late  as  that.  Mr.  EVANS  :  They  are  filed,  sir.  There  is  a  balance  of  receipts  over  payment  of  £48,231  Os.  10d.  out  of  which  the  February  dividend  was  paid,  amounting  to  £22,521  65.,  leaving  a  balance  of  £25,709  15s.  10d.  Then  suppos supposing  ing supposing  the  August  dividend  to  be  similar  in  amount  to  the  Februarfdividend,  £22,521  65.,  and  that  we  deduct  that  also  from  the  balance,  there  will  be  a  balanca  remaining  of  £3,188  10s.  10d.  above  the  £2,046  Os.  9d.,  placed  to  the  credit  of  the  reserve  fund.  I  do  not  know,  sir,  how  •  far  your  powers  will  enable  you  to  do  anything  beyond  dealing  with  figures  in  this  matter.  I  see  that  the  clause  is  so  framed  that  the  accountant  is  to  report  upon  the  general  concerns  of  the  company  in  addition  to  the  figures,  but  I  do  not  see  very  clearly  what  powers  you  have  to  authorise  the  company  to  do  anything  except  where  the  figures  appear  to  war  r  a  n  t  a  re  d  uc  ti  on.  COURT  :  I  apprehend  that  I  have  no  rower,  except  to  appoint  some  gentleman  as  accountant.  Mr.  EvAivs  :  Just  so  at  first.  But  our  complaints  are  manifold.  In  the  first  place  we  complain  of  the  company  ;  when  - STYLE=superscript  money  was  very  cheap,  paying  off  a  bond  of  31  per  cent,  which  enabled  them  at  once  to  charge  the  ;consumers  with  ten  per  cent.  Mr.  CARSON  :  The  bond  was  at  five  per  cent.  Mx.  EVANS  :  It  was  at  five  per  cent.  I  am  t  o  ld,  b  u  t  th  ere  is  another  at  3.  1  .  That  enabled  the  proprietors  to  take  out  of  the  consumers  five  per  cent,  at  once.  Mr.  CARSON  :  Unless  Mr.  Evans  is  able  to  show  all  this,  it  is  not  fair  that  it  should  go  to  the  public.  He  is  quite  in  error.  Mr.  EVANS  :  Another  complaint  is,  that  the  company  are  extending  their  works  into  the  out  districts,  to  the  Freat  injury  of  the  co  nsumers  i  n  th  e  town  d  i  str  i  cts,  because  it  requires,  I  am  informed,  considerable  pressure  to  drive  the  gas  up  to  the  distant  parts,  in  consequence  of  which  a  great  portion  of  the:  gas  is  consumed  without  being  burned,  and  the  result  of  that  is,  that  parties  are  paying  for  what  they  do  not  get  in  light.  COURT  :  But  are  the  company  authorised  ?  Because  you  see  if  that  be  the  case,  the  effect  is  that  it  is  giving  more  extensive  accommodation.  True  it  may  be  at  greater  cost  to  some  parties,  but  still  you  see  it  is  a  beneficial  result.  Mr.  EVANS  :  To  somebody  at  the  expense  of  others.  Mr.  KING,  engineer  to  the  company,  stated  that  the  increased  pressu  re  did  not  a  ff  ect  the  quality  of  gas  burned  at  all,  for  parties  did  not  use  beyond  the  amount  they  required.  Mr.  EveNs  :  I  do  not  want  to  press  you  to  do  anything  beyond  authorising  an  accountant  to  inspect  and  report  upon  the  accounts.  Mr.  CARSON  :  I  can  have  no  objection  to  Mr.  Evans  making  all  these  statements  provided  we  are  allowed  to  answer  them.  I  have  to  observe,  that  the  act  of  parliament  gives  the  company  jurisdiction  over  a  certain  area,  and  that  they  have  not  violated  their  act  in  any  way  whatever,  and  the  inhabitants  who  live  within  that  area  are  authorized  and  lustified  by  the  act  of  parliam  en  t  t  o  i  ns  i  s  t  upon  t  h  e  company  ighting  them.  They  do  always  consider,  with  the  greatest  care,  every  application  that  is  made  to  them  to  extend  their  works  to  our  districts,  and  they  have  re  f  use  d  var  i  ous  appli applications,  cations, applications,  unless  where  they  saw  that  there  would  be  a  profit  to  the  company,  which  would  enable  them  to  deal  fairly  with  the  people  of  the  town.  Mr.  EVANS  :  It  is  quite  possible  that  there  may  be  a  profit  in  the  out  districts,  .but  a  profit  at  the  expense  of  parties  in  the  town  districts.  Whether  you  have  this  au authority  thority authority  is  a  matter  that,  looking  into  the  act  of  parliament,  I  cannot  say,  but  it  is  my  duty  to  state,  that  there  are  com complaints  plaints complaints  made  in  the  town  of  Liverpool,  that  the  inhabitants  of  the  outskirts  are  supplied  at  their  expense.  Mr.  CARSON  :  There  are  also  complaints  in  the  outskirts  that,  having  acquiecsed  in  the  act  of  parliament,  they  were  not  lighted.  Mr.  EVANS  :  We  were  led  to  suppose,  that  by  reducing  the  gas  to  4s.  Gd.  per  1000  cubic  feet,  some  great  boon  would  be  conferred  upon  us  ;  but,  in  point  of  fact,  that  does  not  test  it,  inasmuch,  as  if  this  state  of  things  continues,  so  much  is  taken  out  of  our  pockets  for  gas  which  i  s  was  t  e  d  ,  for  which  we  are  paying,  an  d  which  gives  us  no  light.  COURT  :  I  rather  think  that  my  powers  are  confined  to  the  appointment  of  a  gentleman  to  Investigate  and  report  upon  the  accounts.  I  have  previously  appointed  two  gen gentlemen,  tlemen, gentlemen,  both  exceedingly  competent  and  of  the  highest  character,  and  we  have  had  their  reports.  I  must  say,  that  I  felt  considerable  difficulty  regarding  the  last  report,  and  that  I  was  very  much  disappointed  at  there  being  no  reduc reduction  tion reduction  in  the  price  of  gas,  of  which  there  was  a  hope  held  out.  When  the  former  report  was  read,  the  accountant  used  the  e  th  s  e  p  r  r  e  es  s  s  h  ion  oli  t  a  b  hat  oa  he  r  h  ed  op  uc  e  t  d  io  t  n  h  .  e  time  the  ewas  i.o  n  t  i.eotfarrordt  that  istant  time  whoa  still  seemed  rather  remote,  in  regard  to  which,  I  felt  con considerable  siderable considerable  disappointment.  The  only  point  which  I  would  now  wish  to  suggest  is.this  ;  that  in  the  report  there  seems  to  have  been  a  fresh  creation  of  capital  to  the  amount  of  £3,000,  which,  in  my  opinion,  would  be  undesirable  upon  principle,  unless  it  were  absolutely  necessary.  I  think  10  per  cent.  should  be  paid  upon  the  capital  before  any  benefit  can  be  given  to  the  consumers,  and  therefore,  unless  there  seems  a  very  sufficient  reason  for  the  fresh  creation  of  capital,  I  think  it  quite  undesirable.  Ido  not  mean  to  say  that  it  is  a  very  great  amount,  for  it  is  not;  but  I  only  wish  to  appoint  some  gentleman  who  would  use  his  intelligence  to  see  how  the  matter  is  working,  and  if  the  creation  of  that  £3,000  capital  at  all  postpones  the  benefit  to  the  consumers.  I  am  afraid  all  I  can  do  is,  to  appoint  a  gentleman  to  make  the  report.  Mr.  CARSON  :  Under  the  23rd  section  of  the  act  of  1848,  a  certain  amount  of  new  shares  was  to  be  created,  some  of  which  were  to  be  sold  above  a  certain  amount  of  quarter  shares,  which  were  to  be  appropriated  to  the  holders  of  shares  in  the  new  Gas  and  Coke  Company.  That  company  was  entitled  to  have  the  shares  allotted  to  them,  and  that  was  a  stipulation  in  the  amalgamation,  and  sanctioned  by  the  legis legislature,  lature, legislature,  that  of  the  new  shares  thus  appropriated,  1270  to  the  new  Gas  and  Coke  Company.  In  the  regular  course  the  shares  were  issued,  and  the  amount  required  by  the  act  sold,  and  in  the  25th.  section  it  says  that  after  the  said  last  mentioned  shares  shall  be  sold  the  remaining  1270  shares  shall  be  offered  to  the  proprietors  of  the  new  Gas  and  Coke  Company.  The  directors  allowed  some  years  to  elapse  before  they  did  so,  and  as  it  required  floating  capital  to  carry  on  their  business,  they  thought  the  time  had  arrived  when  the  new  shares  should  be  created,  but  that  no  greater  charge  should  be  placed  upon  the  company  than  was  possible,  and  they  first  called  up  £2  10s.  upon  those  shares  which  made  the  £3OOO  complained  of,  and  they  have  no  intention,  as  far  as  I  am  aware,  of  calling  in  any  more.  Mr.  BELOE  said  in  th  e  conclusion  of  his  report  he  did  say  that  he  hoped  the  directors  would  not  only  liquidate  all  arrears,  and  pay  a  dividend,  but  pay  something  to  the  reserved  fund.  And  he  was  happy  to  see,  from  a  glance  at  the  ac account,  count, account,  that  such  was  the  case.  He  apprehended  the  time  for  a  reduction  might  not  be  very  remote.  Some  large  charges  had  to  be  set  against  the  revenue  for  buildings  at  Newington,  and  other  matters  of  the  kind,  but  these  were  only  temporary  charges.  CounT  :  What  about  the  land  ?  Mr.  BELOE  :  Part  of  it  has  been  sold,  I  understand,  to  the  corporation,  and  that  will  come  to  the  credit  of  capital,  making  less  necessity  than  ever  for  calling  up  anything.  They  have  no  arrears  of  dividend  now,  your  honor,  to  pay  at  all.  Mr.  CARSON:  The  £15,000  bond  has  been  paid  off,  so  that  the  company  are  gradually  getting  relieved.  Mr.  EVANS  should  be  very  glad  that  the  attention  of  the  accountant  was  directed  to  the  fact,  that  although  they  had  gas  at  4s.  6d.,  in  point  of  fact  it  was  much  the  same  as  when  they  paid  6s.  That  was  the  universal  cry  of  the  town.  He  did  not  care  about  the  details,  but  wanted  to  know  how  that  fact  was  accounted  for.  COURT  :  Can  I  do  better  than  simply  appoint  an  accoun.  tant  ?  Mr.  EVANS  :  No,  your  honor,  unless  you  would  intimate  to  him  that  he  should  apply  his  intelligeiiee  to  the  particular  fact,  that,  the  amount  levied  upon  the  consumers  is  about  the,  same  as  it  was  when  the  charge  for  gas  'was  6s.  Comm  I  am  afraid  I  can  only  direct  him  generally  to  investigate  the  accounts.  He,  I  see,  is  to  appoint  a  person  Df  sufficient  judgment  to  examine  and  furnish  a  report.  •  The  discussion  then  closed,  the  recorder  having  intimated  that  he  would  appoint  the  gentlemen  who  previously  per performed  formed performed  the  duty.  COURT  OF  PASSAGE.-SATURDAY  ESQ.,  Q.C.,  Assessor.)  HOWLAN  v.  ROAN.  —Mr.  Aspinall  and  Mr.  Raffles,  in instructed  structed instructed  by  Messrs.  Fenwick  and  Aspinall,  appeared  for  the  plaintiff;  Mr.  Blair  and  Mr.  McAubery  instructed  by  Mr.  Snowball,  were  for  the  defendant.  The  plaintiff  is  a  porter  'in  the  employ  of  Messrs.  J.  &amp;  D.  Malcolm,  and  the  defen defendant  dant defendant  is  a  master  stevedore,  and  the  action  was  brought  to  recover  damages  for  injury  done  to  the  plaintiff  through  the  negligence  of  defendant's  servants.  It  appeared  that  the  plaintiff  was  assisting  on  the  15th  of  March  last,  in  the  re removal  moval removal  of  the  National  which  was  lying  in  the  Bramley  Moore  dock,  that  the  servants  of  the  defendant,  who  were  discharging  the  cargo,  pitched  a  bale  of  cotton  from  the  ship,  while  the  plaintiff  was  in  the  act,  of  removing  a  package.  The  bale  fell  on  his  leg,  and  he  was,  in  con consequence,  sequence, consequence,  confined  to  the  hospital  for  thirteen  weeks.—Ver weeks.—Verdiet  diet weeks.—Verdiet  for  the  plaintiff,  £l7  10s.  damages.  BowErt  v.  hinAcocx.—Mr.  McAubery  instructed  by  Mr.  Hughes,  appeared  for  the  plaintiff  ;  and  Mr.  Millward,  in instructed  structed instructed  by  Messrs.  Lowndes  &amp;  Co.  for  the  defendant.  The  plaintiff  is  a  colour  merchant  and  painter,  carrying  on.  busi business  ness business  at  22,  Pitt-street,  in  this  town,  and  the  defendant  is  a  ship  broker,  and  the  Liverpool  agent  to  the  Grand  Junction  Canal  Company,  at  Duke's-dock;  and  the  action  was  brought  by  the  plaintiff  to  recover  damages  for  the  non nondelivery  delivery nondelivery  of  goods  which  had  been  consigned  to  him.  It  ap appeared  peared appeared  that  on  the  23rd  of  last  August,  the  plaintiff  had"
