text
"c  .  _  •  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  .  .......  enrsev...  =  ............  tsCIVSBIEIMININP  .  -  .  ....--  .  .  .  -  ,  .  .  .  ...  -  ...—  ......  _  ..  .  -  ‘  CortelponVente.  was  depicted.  When  Mexico  was  first  discovered,  AN  AUSTRALIAN  MAYOR'S'  FANCY  BALL.  POLISH  ANNIVERSARY  MEETING.  years  after,  and  causes  of  war  to  perpetuate  themselves.  -Te  p  seelin  aily  IT  O:  0  14) STYLE=superscript  ,, STYLE=superscript  ,,,,,,,,,,WW*  this  was  the  only  mode  of  writing  used  by  its  They  would  sin  to  us,  to  themselves,  and  to  the  future  ABERCROMBY  WARD  DINNER.  inhabitants  ;  and,  singular  to  say,  by  this  very  The  following  rich  and  specimen  of  mayoralty  life  in  The  anniversary  meeting  in  commemoration  of  the  Polish  destinies  of  England.-Ever  yours,  SUGAR  has  been  taken  to  a  fair  extent  to-day,  cul  e STYLE=superscript  .t  ee  .  or  L  ri  l  t  V  ten  Eß  ex  P  p  O  re  O  ss  L  lyf  M  o  Aß  r  th  le  e  N  ET  or  S  t  .  hern  .._fil  means  the  most  important  transactions  of  their  th  e  antipodes  we  cull  from  an  Australian  paper.  It  only  serves  JOSEPH  MAZZINI.  Revolution  of  1830  was  held  on  Tuesday  night  in  the  Hams  .  India  descriptions,  consisting  of  1,300  bags  Benee  rt  ,  :  •  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  empire  were,  for  many  generations,  carefully  to  confirm  the  axiom  that-  •'  mayors  arc  mayors,  and  flunkeys  ver-square  Rooms.  Mr.  Worcell,  a  Pole,  presided.  It  had  l'irr.  J.  WATSON  stated  that  he  represented  the  working  Sin,-I  perceive  in  your  report  of  the  dinner  given  preserved.  Still  the  history  of  a  nation  thus  at  34s  6d  -  and  a  small  mixed  careo  of  Maceo,  I  are  flunke  11  ye,  a  the  world  We  hope  this  racy  account  been  announced  that  the  meeting,  which  was  called  by  the  classes,  and  that  he  stood  there  as  an  old  chartist  prisoner  for  conspiracy  against  our  sovereign  lady  the  Queen.  In  ,  .  .  b STYLE=superscript  d  •th  Clyde.  tl  to  Mr.  Earle,  last  evening,  that  one  of  the  speakers  recorded,  must  be  exceedingly  rude  and  imperfeet.  wi'l  meet  the  'eve  of  Mr.  PUNCH  of  Fleet-street  who  will  be  Polish  Central  Democratic  Committee,  would  be  held  with  every  large  town  of  England  he  knew  the  working  men,  to  Se  cwt  for  brown  to  white,  delivere  in  e  e  _  se  o  op  ,  5  fur  very  low,  and  37s  to  38s  - STYLE=superscript  for  grainy  ;65  hh  e  e  2  v  os  to  (Mr.  R.  Gladstone,  I  think)  gives  the  borough  Carry  this  art  to  its  uttermost  limits  and  what  '  •  ,  the  assistance  of  the  English,  French,  Italian,  German,  Hun-  whose  sympathy  with  Poland  he  bore  his  testimony.  Of  M  1  17s  3d  Se  cwt  ex  ship.  ~t  .  ld  •  hi  s  cou  it  ac  eve  beyond  giving  expression  to  •  •  '  •  likely  to  give  the  ball  the  la  t  h  sop  .  -  garian,  Russian,  and  other  patriots.  The  principal  room  •M.  LEDRU  Roemer  then  presented  himself,  and  was  re-  o  asses,  50  puncheons  Antigua  have  46  1 STYLE=superscript  '  engineer  credit  for  suggesting  the  formation  ot  external  events  .  2 STYLE=superscript  But  this  alone  does  not  comprise  ,  The  Ball  !  the  Boeny  Ball  !!  where  all  was  filled  by  an  audience  consisting  of  foreigners,  who  ap-  No  sales  of  Rum  tst  tunnels  or  sub-ways  under  the  streets,  for  laying  a  f  a  i  t  hf  ul  or  perfect  record.  As  Dionysius  says  Who  condescend  to  crawl  can  sprawl  peered  to  be  mainly  Of  the  middle  classes,  and  among  whom  ceived  with  general  applause.  When  the  cheering  had  sub subsided,  sided, subsided,  he  addressed  the  assembly  in  a  rapid  and  animated  I STYLE=superscript  C  • STYLE=superscript  11.  .  cwte  for  a  near  port.  efi  the  gas  and  water  piping  therein,  thus  avoiding  the  in  the  sth  book  of  his  Roman  If  ivr;  Upon  their  toad-like  toes,  and  haul  were  a  good  many  ladies,  manner,  using  the  French  language.  He  began  by  observ-  te  d  at  pr  ,  nuisance  and  expense  of  tearing  up  the  pavement  would  desire  advantage  from  history,  our  curiosity  Lessons  from  out  oblivion—.'  The  Secretary  (Mr.  Linton)  read  the  address  of  the  Polish  ing  that  for  the  last  two  years  it  - STYLE=superscript  seemed  that  the  course  of  OFFEE.-A  sma  cargo  of  Rio  has  been  afloe  rates  ;  and  100  bags  Saltpetre,  at  29s  9c141  3 STYLE=superscript  ?  cwt,  for  4,  .  1  ,,  every  time  repairs  are  required.  The  formation  of  must  not  be  confined  exclusively  to  facts  and  events.  This  long  looked  for  and  eventful  event,  the  mayor's  fancy  Democratie  Committee,  from.which  it  appeared  that  the  mo-  events  in  the  world  had  been  governed  by  a  sort  of  fatality,  RICE.-Only  150  bags  Bengal  are  repor  ~  titre  of  their  present  roceedings  was  the  new  era  which  the  cent  refraction.  u  .  and  that  all  human  combinations  had  been  thwarted  b  h  y  those  sub-ways  was  suggested  by  the  late  Egerton  But  we  must  inquire  into  the  reasons  of  them  ;  ball,  came  off  at  the  Victoria  theatre,  on  Thursday  night  last,  zof  the  Dan  b  P STYLE=superscript  e  b  the  Turks  appeared  to  be  opening  some  mysterious  hand.  A  short  time  back  th  .  ere  wns  t  e  TEA.-The  market  is  firm  to-day,  and  conut  w STYLE=superscript  este  re,  ,;,.:.  Smith,  in  the  Liverpool  Mercury,  twenty-five  or  when  of  course  there  was  a  numerical  attendance  of  all  the  F  assa STYLE=superscript  e  e STYLE=superscript  u STYLE=superscript  cl  d  y STYLE=superscript  dd  has  been  placed  at  an  advance  of  eel  olbon  y  iy  .  enter  into  the  views  and  designs  of  those  that  or  the  oppressed  an  owntro  en  peop  es  of  Europe.  When  grand  spectacle  of  all  the  nations  of  Europe  struggling  to  ra  t  es.  .  thirty  years  ago.-I  am,  Sir,  yours  respectfully,  conducted  them  ;  carefully  examine  the  success  elite  of  this  far-famed  metropolis.  '  the  people  of  Poland  were  established  in  the  full  possession  of  ed  °  f STYLE=superscript  'is'y  Nov.  30.  OMICRON.  afforded  them;  and  neglect  nothing  that  had  any  The  muster  was  pretty  strong,  notwithstanding  the  attempt  •  •  of  the  Chief  Justice  to  smother  the  whole  affair,  on  the  ..  trial.o.f  their  political  and  national  rights,  then  would  this  anniver-  N  b  v  e  h  free  ;  but  now,  in  Pnland,  Hungary,.  Italy  .  ,  and  h  every-  ere  dispo  s STYLE=superscript  ,  e  At  auction  to-da  85  chests  Shellac  w  ,  l  e  •  ere  else  on  the  continent,  there  was  nothing  ut  the  ~,.u!  r  v.  Th  H  -  •  •  sary  become  a  grand  national  festival.  It  was  for  the  eldest  silence  of  death.  However,  a  question  had  been  unexpect unexpectimportant  important unexpectimportant  connection  with  the  enterprises  in  1  ,,_,...  40  .  8  to  40s  6d,  with  y STYLE=superscript  a  few  black,  at  35s  6d  ;7  0 STYLE=superscript  '  a STYLE=superscript  •  *'.  k  d  3  1 STYLE=superscript  Yra  b°13t STYLE=superscript  7  4Y•  PHILOSOPHY  OF  LANGUAGE  AND  LITERATURE.  And  the  celebrated  Bossuet  likewise  e  erald,  when  he  positively  declared  trom  his  and  most  aegrieved  of  victims  to  call  to  her  sister  nations,  edly  raised  in'the  heart  of  - STYLE=superscript  Europe  by  a  man-the  Czar-who  bier,  heated  at  38s  ;  360  bags  repac  e  *udicial  seat  ori  the  beuch,  that  the  city  council  wholly  belied  14  '''  ',  1  .  observes  in  his  Discourse  upon  History,  That  we  The  hour  of  deliverance  There  was  a  manifesta-  styled  himself  the  Son  of  God,  m  the  same  manner  as  in  j STYLE=superscript  the  re  resentations  made  of  the  r  s  ectabilit  and  intellieen  e  boxes  Co  •e;,  at  45s  to  50s  'l5O  casks  Cocoa-01i  f  ° STYLE=superscript  ,  .  The  law  of  progress  is  the  law  of  nature,  which  must  not  merely  consider  the  ris3  and  fall  of  of  thispeitv  ;  and  that  in  fact  it  di  e STYLE=superscript  d  p STYLE=superscript  not  repre  y STYLE=superscript  sent  in  any  degree  tion  of  life  in  the  shadow  of  death,  and  side  by  side  with  the  ancient  times  Heliogabalus  and  Alexander  the  Great  pre-  8s  6d  to  8s  9cl•  500  b  s  sound  at  10s  to  lls  6 STYLE=superscript  d  ;  1,  ''.  48s  to  48s  6d  ee  cwt  ;  200  bag•  Bombay  Linseed,  '  3' STYLE=superscript  313  3 STYLE=superscript  4  ~'')  law  governs  alike  physical  organisation  and  intel-  empires,  but  must  also  thoroughly  examine  the  the  respectable  body  of  the  citizens.  Notwitstanding  this  judi-  Poles  w  h  ere  me  .  n  who  had  fought  at  the  Hotel  de  Ville,  .and  tended  to  Divine  origin  ;  yet  history  retained  the  recollection  .  me  i  l  .  i  oat  Vienna  Dresden  and  Carlsruhe  had  made  kin  s  lectital  life.  Ideas  must  have  existed  in  the  mind  causes  of  their  progress,  an.d  the  reasons  of  their  cial  dictum,  however,  his  excellency  the  governor-general  being  ',  .  g  that  the  father  and  brother  of  this  Nicholas  both  died  mad.  do  Lir  hats  to  the  people  s  royal  will.  There  were  sons  What  svas  required  to  restore  to  man  his  strength  and  at  50s  to  53s  Sis?  qr  ;60  Mei  Cloves,  at  6ed  e  , STYLE=superscript  lb;  -...  tons  Jamaica  LogwOod,  at  £6  ree  ton.  h  3  fa  ir STYLE=superscript  '  :  '  before  the  means  of  transmitting  them  was  effected  We  take  it,  therefore,  that  the  history  of  course  the  most  respectable  man  in  our  community,  deter-  of  free  democratic  Russia  who  had  entered-into  alliance  with  di  gn  ity  ?  leaither  diplomacy  n  .  or  c  .  ongresses  could  do  that,  CorroN.-A  steady  market  was  supported  ey__  h  i  d  et  e  •  through  the  medium  of  sounds  or  symbols,  which  of  any  nation,  written  merely  in  paintinys  niust  mined  to  honor  this  grand  fete  with  his  Augustus  and  vice-  democratic  Poland  ;  and  united  also  in  this  fraternal  eather-  but  only  freedom.  ar  was  imminent,  because  Nicholas  mand.  The  purchases  were  6,000  bales,  of  ,`  :.  .  form  the  structure  of  language  ;  and  what  was  ori-  be  faulty  in  the  extreme,  and  unfit  for  any  useful  regal  presence.  He  accordingly  made  his  appearance  at  the  ine  of  nations  were  Englishmen  who  believed  in  international  was  compelled  to  reeain  the  prestige  he  had  lost  by  the  re-  were  on  speculation  and  for  export.  ,  ,  ginally  but  the  rude  and  imperfect  instrument  for  purpose,  as  the  secret  designs  and  hidden  springs  doors  of  the  Victoria  where  ho  ali  hted  from  his  carriagr,  dtaies  as  well  as  in  national  rights.  The  season  for  mere  ..  ...,  mitt  the-w  i  e  were  'going  to  say  ch  g STYLE=superscript  eers,  but  more  correctly  cent  defeats  of  his  army.  War  was  also  necessary  to  Napo-  Meer°  conveying  thought,  has  advanced  to  such  a  degree  of  the  events  thus  recorded,  nay,  the  soul  of  ,the  words  was  past.  Poland  was  ready  to  complete  the  work  leen,  for  France  was  exhausted  of  money,  and  a  pretext  was  PRICES  OF  PROVISIONS  IN  ST.  JOHN'S  -  •  •,  spea  ing,  we  s  lould  say  groans  and  hootings  of  the  asseinbled  .  of  perfection,  that  the  emotions  of  one  mind  can.  be  history  itself,  must  for  ever  slumber'  in  oblivion.  which  23  years  ago  she  boldly  commeuced.  Now  that  war  wanted  to  place  taxation  on  the  richer  classes.  That  pretext  WEDNESDAY,  30TH  NOY.,  1853.  ih  ,  multitude.  No  sooner  did  he  alight  than  he  was  seized  on  the  el  per  '  .'.  transmitted,  with  perfect  ease,  to  any  other  mind  In  the  language  of  Polybius,  the  general  and  one  hand  by  the  rirce  of  the  Sydney  butchers  .  ,  and  on  the  was  begun,  let  them  beware  of  an  un  ti  me  ly  peace,-let  them  was  war  ;  and  therefore  there  would  be,  not  congresses,  but  Beef  .............  .....  ...from  54  to  el  6;  ,:e  that  comes  into  direct  contact  with  it.  Nay,  not  historian,  Without  these,  history  conveys  no  beware  of  the  wounded  wolf,  which  if  not  killed  would  kill  war  ;  and,  on  the  first  cannon  being  fired  seriously  on.  the  Mutton.  ..  .  .  from  6.t0  i  9  a  'ld,  other  hand  h  a  v:nd  l STYLE=superscript  or  of  thr  ater  grog,  and  in  great  state,  them  ;  and  the  expectation  was  expressed  that  when  Poland  Danube,  Napoleon  would  enter  Italy,  telling  his  dear  Veal  .  only  does  languaae  render  intelligible  the  most  ab-  useful  instruction  :it  may  serve  to  satisfy  curiosity  between  this  y STYLE=superscript  amiable  pair,  was  ee STYLE=superscript  h  - STYLE=superscript  a  w STYLE=superscript  nded  into  the  grand  saloon.  from  7to  B STYLE=superscript  it  s  :  rose  again  she  would  have  but  to  congratulate  Europe  on  the  brother  .  of  Austria  that  it  was  n  .  ot  his  .  intention  .  to  take  Ita  .  ly  Haddock  .from  4  to  l'h  4;  •  street  ideas,  but  it  becomes  the  vehicle  of  the  most  for  a  moment,  but  is  of  no  further  what  a  falling  off  was  there.  How  did  the  ducal  house  final  conquest  of  liberty  for  all.  -  -  refined  pleasures.  It  is  an  intellectual  luxury  that  The  evil  became  felt,  and  an  attempt  was  made  of  Grafton  shine,  on  but  we  must  not  anticipate,  and  from  him,  but  only  to  hold  it,  while  Austria  dealt  with  Lobsters  The  address  was  read  in  Polish  and  i  n  F  r  ench  by  Mr.  L.  Hungary.  (Laughter.)  What  would  be  the  consequences  Fresh  Pork  .  ..  from  6  to  7  ~  41  never  palls  the  appetite,  and  which  possesses  the  to  remedy  it.  The  endeavour  was  not  altogether,  we  will,  therefore,  leave  our  invisible  magician  who,  we  assure  Zienkowics  and  Dr.  P.  Darosz.  of  war  ?  The  troops  of  the  Sultan  wonld  either  be  victorious  Bret  .  ......  from  Bto  0  \ STYLE=superscript  se  talismanic  influence  of  brightening  up  the  dark  neither  did  it  prove  wholly,  abortive.  A  second  our  readers  can  see  through  a  stone  wall  as  wCII  as  most  folks,  M.  A.  HERZEN  addressed  the  meeting  i  n  French,  denounc-  or  not,  and  he  (M.  Ledru  Rollin)  hoped  they  would  be  Turbot  ...  ..  clouds  that  occasionally  overcast  the  mind.  Such  stage  of  the  art  was  invented,  which  consisted  in  ato  describe  what  afterwards  occurred.  Thus,  then,  he  speaks  ing  the  Emperor  of  Russia  as  the  oppressor  of  Poland,  the  victorious.  (Cheers.)  In  that  case  he  believed  that  Hun-  Soles  has  been  the  character  of  language  for  several  variety  of  signs  made  to  represent  invisible  objects.  from  his  oraculum  :-‘The  recherche  collection,  gathered  toge-  aggressor  of  Turkey,  and  a  man  without  any  great  capacity  gary  and  Poland  would  become  free,  and  the  moment  that  Cod  Fish  .  .  .from  4to  11  thousand  years.  The  human  mind,  in  its  bold  and  These  were  termed  hieroglyphics.  Intermixed  ther  on  Thursday  evening,  was  well  worthy  of  our  civic  chief,  or  talent.  He  alluded  amid  cheers  to  the  cause  of  :the  took  place  France  would  rise  as  one  man  in  defence  of  right  Fresh  Butter..  .  \  it  s  untiring  researches,  has  discovered  wonders  in  the  with  the  historical  paintings  of  the  Mexicans  are  no  les  .  s  a  personage  than  the  Right  Worshipful  Doney  Egan,  Republique  demoeratique  et  soeiale,  an  d  coecluded  his  address  and  justice.  Supposing,  however,  the  Turks  conquered,  Salt  Ditto  free.  Esquiruni,  (the  son  of  Moheen,)  Just-ass  of  the  Quorum  et  hy  expressing  a  desire  to  see  Poland  independent  and  Russia  and  Nicholas  victorious,  then  Na  .  poleon  would  propose  to  Eggs  .  .  heavens  above,  and  in  the  earth  beneath,  and  to  befound  traces  of  hieroglyphic  characters.  This  .  .from  86  to  Pe  f STYLE=superscript  e  st'  Cockulorum  and  moreover  no  Justice  Shallow  who  by  the  in  the  waters  under  the  earth-has,  by  aid  of  is  a  more  refined  species  of  painting,  and  had  been  .  ,  ,  .  him  to  maintain  the  despotic  principle  in  Europe,  and  the  Potatoes  ......  ...................from  1  to  1  4  Pc'  i  s  way  presided.  Happy  Dan  !In  purple  and  fine  linen  thou  m  r  LINTON  asked  why  an  Englishman  stood  among  re-  continental  blockade  would  be  the  result  for  isolated  England..  Filberts....  ...  from  26  to  PC  r STYLE=superscript  e  Ve  science,  numbered  the  very  stars  that  stud  the  fir-  advanced  to  an  art  in  Egypt,  where  it  was  most  didst  appear  !  Thy  h  h  e  r  ;  roees  -ere.t  o.  erm.ne,  encased  a  judge-a  f  tt  •  kf  E  se  da  n  -hi  -  •..•'  -  '  •  •  gees  to  spea  nr  uropean  rec  om  .  -ecause,  we;  e  What  would  the  classes  of  England  then  do  ?  They  would  Grapes,  Foreign.  .  from  10  to  1  a  ,  i,  '  marnent,  computed  their  distances  from  the  central-  studied.  Pictures  delineated  the  resemblance  of  ,  good  judge,  too-at  least,  if  not  so,  why  should  Bung.  the  pub.  there  were  men  in  England  who  held  the  faith  of  Milton  tkt  de  ocr  s  that  whether  the  Turks  were  victori-  Enelish  from  3  to  orb  and  called  them  all  by  their  names.  Like  a  external  visible  objects;  hiero  1  bi  g_yp__cs  Painted  iiim  - STYLE=superscript  iican,  lead  us  astray  with  silly  day  dreams  ?  Rotten  cork  retire  !  and  of  Cromwell,  England  would  not  be  divorced  from  .  a  e  o  m  ue  acy  ;  o  ~  colt  iet  t  ,  ous  or  conq  re  .  d  lib  d  b  h  1  F  1  a STYLE=superscript  -  •  ,  erty  to  the  worl  must  et  e  resu  t.  ow  s.  ..  ..  ...from  2  6  to  3  Pe'  4  .  ,  *,)  skilful  unntnmi.at,  it  hae  dieoeoted.  nature,  aud  laid  slide  objects  by  analogies  taken  from  the  external  and  let  me  cease  to  purvey  under  thy  kindly  influence  to  my  Europe.  If  England  would  s  kth  t  •d  .  pea  a  one  .  woi  war,  (Great  cheers.)  Ducks  ...  .from  36t0  4  h  .e.•  -,  bare  her  occult  mysteries-secret  springs  of  action-  world.  Thus  an  ant  was  symbolical  of  wisdom  ;an  imagination's  fond  delight.  earnestly,  the  hopes  of  freedom  would  be  sure-war  against  After  a  few  words  from  M.  E  'Staniewics,  a  Pole,  thank-  Chickens  ..  profound  workings,  and  hidden  life.  The  etern.al  eye,  of  knowledge  ;  and  a  circle,  of  eternity  ;  which  F  ight  o'clock,  every  snob  who  could  '  raise  the  wind,'  the  Czar,  against  despotism,  against  wron  g  ,  If  they  were  ing  the  auditors  for  their  presence  and  sympathy,  the  pro-  Geese.....  ......  from  3  to  66  :,  laws  which  govern  her  have  been  detected.  The  has  neither  beginning  noe  end.  The  Egyptian  A  and  (don't  let  it  be  known)  his  worship  has  heretofore  been  in  to  take  Richard  Cobden's  word  they  would  abandon  their  cee  di  ngs  ,  which  had  been  conducted  with  the  greatest  Turkeys  ••  .  ....  from  36t0  8  i  c  ost  `  l STYLE=superscript  l  earth  has  been  penetrated,  and  its  bowels  torn  is  derived  from  ahoin,  an  eagle,  whose  symbol  was  A.  a  calm,-at  this  hour,,  we  say,  every  snob  who  could  raise  the  duty.  With  a  court  which  was  publicly  kin  and  kind  to  unanimity  throughout,  concluded.  Rabbits.  from  19to  2  2  Pe'  use  asunder,  to  administer  to  the  groWing  wants  of  After  a  considerable  lapse  of  time,  the  hieratic  wind,  or  the  dust,  stalked  forth,  and  every  vehicle  that  was  pro-  every  ra3cal  royalty  in  Europe  (applause),  with  such  vice-  •  Strawberries  ..from  to  P  er STYLE=superscript  f STYLE=superscript  i  l STYLE=superscript  sO  , STYLE=superscript  ~s-  man.  man.  The  great  have  been  explored-  mode  of  writing,  consisting  of  twenty-nine  phonetic  curable  was  in  demand.  Hair  dye,  scents,  pomade  divine,  '  royalties  as  Aberdeen,  Palmerston,  and  Russell,  petty  in-  ACTION.  Asparagus  .  from  to  Pef.,  h  j  \l  e  i!  bear's  °Tease  tallow  candles  and  soft  sea  had  see  to  a  remium.  treemers  who  had  not  the  manliness  to  be  an  thine  exce  t  continents  discovered  -  distance  all  but  annihi-  letters,  was  invented  by  the  Egyptians  ;  yet  for  e  ,  ,  .  I),  P  0  ,  .  .  y  o  _  p  HADLAND  V.  PRICE.  '  Cucumbers  -  ...  .  ...from  1  to  ete  • STYLE=superscript  ser  N'  Heroes  of  the  sock  and  buskin  had  advanced  a  peg  or  two,  and  the  tools  of  Austria  and  the  Czar  it  would  seem  consistent  e.  *,  lated-whilst  thought  is  transmitted  with  a  rapidity  some  reason  or  another  the  priests  still  adhered  Mr.  Edwin  James  and  Mr.  PetersdorE  appeared  for  the  Gooseberries  .  ...from  to  P  c STYLE=superscript  '  e.)'  sse  barbers  had  been  sublimed.  The  streets  were  crammed  with  that  the  whole  land  should  be  cow'  ardly  to  th  I  e  core.  t  was  that  baffles  conception,  the  lightning  flash  to  the  old  system,  and  we  believe  still  do.  la'ntiff  •  and  Mr  '  p  i  .  .  0  Malley  and  Mr.  Power  for  the  de-  Peas  cabs,  and  bayonets  bristled  in  the  dingy  air.  Policemen  rattled  peace-moneering  shabbiness  (bravo)  of  one  kind  or  other  ere  1 STYLE=superscript  %;  ,4  1  s  which  suddenly  lights  up  a  Still  the  Most  likely  the  objects  they  desired  to  promote  fendant.  Currants  to  and  fro  with  clashing  sabres.  In  fact-to  be  prosaic-the  that  had  made  Eneland  seem  nothing  but  a  nest  of  sorry  Red..  er  1 STYLE=superscript  :;  0  1,  7  human  mind  is  progressing.  Every  fresh  field  of  were  to  shroud  their  learning,  and  give  to  their  whole  affair  brought  b  1 STYLE=superscript  -ac.c  to  recollection  the  tales  of  Quatree  vermin.  0  This  was  not  a  nation  of  dastards.  There  was  an  This  was  an  action  to  recover  the  possession  of  a  horse  hich  th  1  •  tiff  claimed  as  his  o  -  b  t  hi  hth  def  •  Cherries  ep  am  uw  c  e  en-  e  -from  to  P  /  discovery  but  culargco  ito  eapacitico,  and  isti-  religion  a  more  mysterious  aspect.  - STYLE=superscript  Some  have  Bras.  The  Duke  is  dead-but  Broomfield  lives,  said  we,  and  honest  heart  under  the  worst  coat  of  English  working  men.  d  w STYLE=superscript  nt  •  •  hhd  h  . STYLE=superscript  lf  wil STYLE=superscript  '  rouse  from  46  to  P  el STYLE=superscript  le  ,  e  4  isted  that  e  a  unse  bought  at  the  Rochester  u  a  ins  .  ..  1  mulates  its  powers.  Nothing  is  too  lofty  for  its  asserted  that  the  hieroglyphic  desciiption  oon  we  joeged  upon  a  borrowed  moak,  fit  record  of  the  evening's  He  challenged  contradiction  to  the  statement  that  their  Stbl  t  Th  lik  •  H  .from  20to  2  9  ea  c STYLE=superscript  der  ev,  ambition-nothing  is  too  mean  for  its  regard.  writing  was  the  invention  of  Egyptian  priests.  history  !!!  voice  was  unanimous  for  war  (cheers)-for  war  against  ;the  end  Chatham  races,  in  ep  em  er  as  .  ere  was  ewise  ares  ...  a  claim  for  money  had  and  received  by  the  defendant,  to  the  Apricots  ....  ....  .  .from  to  per  from  the  lowest  depths  of  earth  it  soars  to  the  top-  Doubtful,  however,  as  this  appears,  one  thing  is  IsFoni  the  .  theatre,  which  had  been  prepared  for  the  oc  .  casion,  Czar  and  for  .  European  freedom.  Every  patriot  soul  in  Eng Eng,  , Eng,  plaintiff's  use.  The  defendant  pleaded  that  the  horse  was  Pines,  Foreign  .  .  ...from  to  eat,  0  11  t  that  the  Greeks  when  first  the  had  a  continuous  line  of  carria  es  could  be  discovered  mann  be.  land  he  believed  w  most  heights  of  heaven.  And  as  the  eagle  looks  certa.n,  s  ,  y  g  )  g  „as  anxious  for  that  war.  If  our  rulers  not  the  horse  of  the  plaintiff,  and  traversed  the  allegation  of  English  from  56t0  6  8  Pe  r STYLE=superscript  s  %  with  steadfast  eye  upon  the  burning  sun,  so  the  intercourse  with  Egypt,  found  the  priests  addicted  yond  Bathurst-street;  and  many  the  curse,  not  loud'  but  deep,  durst  ask  the  nation's  will,  the  word  would  be  so  r  o STYLE=superscript  °  \  money  paid  and  received.  The  plaintiff  was  a  licensed  Pigeons  soul  of  man  gazes  undauntedly  upon  the  dazzling  to  this  mode  of  writing  in  preference  to  the  other  ;  elm  met  our  ear  from  jarveys  highly  primed.  The  stag  was  thundered  back,  that  thereverberation  would  shake  them  from  vicemller  in  Poppin's-court,  Fleet-street,  and  the  defendant  Partridge  .  r  b  le  here-all  there thereand  and thereand  awful  throne  of  God!  No  limits  can  be  set  to  and  for  this  cause  they  gave  rise  to  the  assertion  t  .  their  scats.  'War  kew  as  well  as  Cobden  or  Aberdeen,  carried  on  busmen  as  a  farmer,  but  also  took  in  herses  to  Pheasants  ..from  7  to  8  6  6,,.)  .  it  k‘  the  mind's  unfolding.  Therefore,  where  it  will  ter-  which  has  been  made.  The  Phonetic  and  the  .  And  him  Lord  Byron's  sole  adopted  son.  what  that  meant.  He  knew  that  it  meant  war  against  Auseria  train,  at  Cheddington,  in  Buckinghamshire.  Both  the  parties  Black  Gaine  .  ...from  6  to  6  6  0  minate  we  know  not  ;  and  its  final  achievement  Demotic  formed  the  rude  running-hand  of  the  His  Excellency  the  Colonial  Secretary  arrived  shortly  after  and  Prussia  too,  insurrection  in  Poland,  Italy,  and  Hun-  were  at  the  Rochester  and  Chatham  races,  on  the  Bth  of  Woodcocks  he  Ri  ht  Worshi  ful  Cate  p  re  ,  r  ;  and  -'1  -  Is  . STYLE=superscript  •  E  h  •  h  anon  tme  Hoary  gary,  convu  ion  in  urope,  s  attenng  t  e  Czar  and,the  9  Pet  none  can  opine.  •  But,  notwithstanding  all  human  Egyptian  alphabet  ;  and  as  it  was  derived  from  i  t STYLE=superscript  irde  A  s  .  SeptembFr  last,  and  there  a  horse  named  Economy  won  the  La1it5..................  .....  ...from  Bto  „  ii  ,  ~,i  t,  hi  appearance.—Mr.  Egan  was  at  intervals  favoured  by  P  dth  •  •1t•  ts  f  (  t  h  ope,  an  e  impena  ran  o  every  name-  grea  c  eer eerdiscoveries  discoveries eerdiscoveries  and  inventions,  and  they  have  been  the  hieroglyphic,  it  becomes  a  key  to  its  interpreta-  `I  Speculation  Stakes.  The  race  was  what  was  called  a  selling  Snipes  ...  .......from  7to  ea'  ~,,  Mrs.  Keith  Stewart's  arm  and  countenance,  very  much  to  the  ing)-the  enfranchisement  of  all  peoples.  It  meant  a  Po-  •  manifold  and  beneficial,  perhaps  thae  of  language  tion.  Champollion  determin.ed  the  meaning  of  race.  This  was  explained  to  mean,  that,  after  the  race  the  -  e  ett  e  $  chagrin  of  Mr.  Mick  Cohen  who  went  in  Odd  Fellow's  attire,  lish  nation  and  a  Russian  nation;  it  meant  that  Germany  horse  was  to  be  sld  t  th  h•  h  t  beld  b  h  '  o  o  e  ig  es  1  er,  ut  t  e  owner  0  e  N  LONDO.N  PRODUCE  11.1ARKET.-YF-  9 STYLE=superscript  t  pre  0  k.  may  be  regarded  as  the  greatest,  1  •nasmuch  as  all  140  of  these  characters  out  of  the  800  on  the  ,  as  well  as  to  the  annoyance  of  his  neighbour  Mister  Jolly,  the  should  be  rid  of  her  hydra-headed  monarchy,  that  Mazzini  would  not  receive  for  it  the  full  price  for  which  it  was  sold,  S  •W  t  Indi  •t  •  1  512  hilds  a- STYLE=superscript  D:  11  ;0  '  other  advantages  would  be  comparatively  insignifi-  monuments,  by  means  of  his  phonetic  system.  butcher  who  in  disguise  represented  a  gentleman-freemas  on  .  should  be  again  at  Rome,  that  France  should  be  gloriously  but  only  the  price  set  upon  it  when  it  was  entered  for  the  ugar  ._es  _  a  pie  ,sa  es  ,  s  .  6  ,  cant  without  this.  (says  Emerson)  the  tongue  In  decyphering  hieroglyphs,  human  ingenuity  It  would  be  inflicting  au  unnecessary  chastisement  on  our  avenged  for  her  present  ignominy,  that  England  should  race  ;  the  difference  going  to  the  racing  fund  of  the  place.  ra  o  tes..  Refined  less  wanted.  Brown  lumps,  e  ni  s  c  .  k  e  k,  had  not  been  framed  for  articulation,  man  would  still  has  gone  no  further  than  proper  names  ;  but  even  readers  were  we  to  describe  the  characters  personified  hy  the  be  worthy  of  what  England  was.  Would  he  .were  trem-  It  appeared  also  to  be  a  part  of  the  custom  that  the  horses  F  gn  quiet,  Cuba,  31s  6d  to  36  ;  o  l  l STYLE=superscript  , STYLE=superscript  S,'  33s  re STYLE=superscript  6  i STYLE=superscript  d  to  38s  6d.  Coffee  :No  übli  sales.  D  e- STYLE=superscript  •It  s  i  Ai  ' STYLE=superscript  be  a  beast  in  the  forest.'  Indeed,  the  progress  of  in  these,  much  useful  and  interesting  knowledge  individuals  present,  beyond  many  of  those  who  played  their  pet-tongued,  that  he  might,  raise  through  the  land  were  weighted  according  to  the  value  put  upon  them  when  sold.  Native,  47s  to  47s  6d.  P STYLE=superscript  Tea  e STYLE=superscript  •  Demand  br  i STYLE=superscript  l  dr,  ‘  , STYLE=superscript  41.4  scientific  knowledge  has  been,  in  part,  attributable  to  has  been  obtained.  parts  to  perfection,  anion;  these  m  .  ay  safely  be  enumerated  Mr.  the  cry  God  speed  the  European  This  anni-  entered,  so  that  a  horse  entering  as  of  small  value  would  1  •  neng  3 STYLE=superscript  P  \  nary  Congou,  ls  3  e  d  to  ls  4d.  Rice  :  -  130  4  the  perfectipn  of  language  and  the  spread  of  letters.  Another  effort  was  finally  made  to  render  writing  Wedderburn  the  wiue  merchant,  who  complains  of  havin  had  versary,  meeting  was  held  in  London  ;he  should  sa  Y  ., STYLE=superscript  .3'  have  to  carry  only  a  small  weight.  After  the  race  on  the  14s  3d  to  15s  6d  ;  for  white  Madras,  wanted,,of  t,  The  sun  may  shine  with  signal  splendor  upon  a  more  simple,  intelligible,  and  universal.  Arbitrary  h  . STYLE=superscript  k  •k  d  •  Ai  L'h  Is  H.  Nich  I  I  g STYLE=superscript  b  is  poc  et  plc  e  ,  and  -re-ar  e  .  o  s  W.lO  With  a  the  next  be  held  in  (Cheers  )  Speculation  Stakes  had  been  run,  and  Economy  declared  the  Mr.  Ruge  then  addressed  the  meet  • STYLE=superscript  ilig  in  German,  Dr.  15s  6d.  Cotton  quiet,  prices  unchanged.  l STYLE=superscript  •  e  i4 STYLE=superscript  e,  u  s  lack  face  most  admirably  represented  his— hischarming  charming- hischarming  landscape;  the  stately  flowers  may  bloom  marks  were  invented  which,  unlike  paintings  or  at  the  wimune  ost  ,  .  victor,  that  horse  was  sold  by  nucti  .  p  Darosz  in  French,  and  Dr.  Rouey  (a  Hun  •  0.  P  ,  P.Y.C.,  55s  6d  to  56s  on  spot.  e  e  I;  Another  customer  who  flashed  about  in  great  st  '  yle  like  a  '  garianosin  and  the  sum  given  was  65  guineas.  The  question  in  the  •  -  ese  e.o  Acti  q STYLE=superscript  in  rich  luxuriance  and  pleasing  variety  around  ;  hieroglyphics,  bore  no  analogy  whatever  to  the  English  and  in  Latin.  fiery  meteor,  but  whOse  erratic  motions  we  were  unable  to  cause  was,  to  which  of  these  two  persons,  the  plaint  ff  LONDON  COLN  - STYLE=superscript  i  e  r  t  e STYLE=superscript  nature  may  clothe  herself  in  her  most  fascinating  things  signified.  Suc  .  h  was  the  mode  of  expressing  .  ...  .  follow  and  consequently  could  not  ascertain  his  '  local  habita.  The  Secretary  then  read  a  letter  from  M.  Mazzini,  stating  garb  •  the  picture  of  beauty  may  be  perfect  ;  but  ideas  adopted  by  t  .  he  inhabitants  of  Peru  •  and  t  '  that  nothing  but  illness  could  have  prevented  him  from  or  the  defendant,  the  sale  was  made.  For  the  plaintiff  at  fe  r STYLE=superscript  '  • STYLE=superscript  P  e STYLE=superscript  '  _  Wheat  continues  exceedingly  dull,  but  C  ot  ••  1  e  ,  ,  non,  or  his  name'  was  discovered  having  concealed  beneath  his  evidence  was  given  by  the  plaintiff  himself,  by  one  of  what  pleasurable  emotions  could  such  a  scene  such  is  the  enchoria  ,  1  mode  of  writina  to  this  da  •  ----  r  , STYLE=superscript  Y  shining  vest,  two  pistols  and  seven  forks  which  he  had  t  •  but  he  was  hoarse  neuraleic  feverish  being  .  presen  ,  l  kh  l  t  't  •  h'  '  ~  ,  the  racing  correspondents  of  Bell's  Life  in  London,  and-  Foreign  unchanged  Other  articles  all  flat  es  •4  h•  h  b  h  till  •  •  '  '  '  awaken.  in  the  heart  of  a  blind  man  ?He  would  in  use  throughout  the  .  vast  empire  of  China.  unconsciously,  of  course,  purloined  from  the  property-room  of  coughing,  unab  etota  e  t  c  eas  par  in  t  e  proceedings.  by  a  clerk  of  the  Newmarket  Jockey  Club,  to  the  wlc  roug  t  f  prices.  g  his  way  in  darkness,  .although  amidst  sur-  Every  siogle  character  employed  is  significant  of  the  theatre.  He  was  kicked,  and  let  He  expressed  his  confidence  that  one  of  these  days  they  effect  that  the  plaintiff  had  been  the  hig  •  1.  ---  8  0 STYLE=superscript  It  ° STYLE=superscript  b  rOpe  hest  bidder,  but  ee  00  finite  idea  Hence  their  number  has  been  Such  is  the  account  of  this  wonder  of  w  nders  Nle  rounding  light.  And  thus  would  it  be  with  man  ade  .  0  ,  N  'eh  has  would  conquer  together.  He  urged  them  not  to  narrow  th  t  when  the  biddings  were  closed  he  found  he  bad  but  '  SALFORD  CATTLE  MARKT:T.-1  0 STYLE=superscript  6  ,r  the  tiestion  to  the  roportions  of  an  interest.  If  they  a STYLE=superscript  bli  dt  b  th  b  1  Cows  I  792  •  h  00  Bf4d  to  ?  tb  in  reference  to  scientific  advantages,  did  not  lay.-  estimated  at  70,000.  The  number  of  characters  been  furnished  to  us  by  our  '  magician,'  and  as  we  know  him  43/.  in  his  pocket,  and  he  was  o  ge  o  orrow  e  a  ance,  „  s  eep,  6.4  .  ee  ,  resio  d  s  eke  (' STYLE=superscript  of  duty  they  welt  sure  t  h  th  •  1  res  ended  5  ,1 STYLE=superscript  d  t  i  guage  open  his  mental  vision  to  the  beauties  and  contained  in  their  great  dictionary  amounts  to  to  be  a  chip  of  the  true  block,  we  can  assure  our  readers  that  ;  o  m  e  r  appr  .  P  23/.  55.,  from  the  ,  defendant  •  who  was  standine  by  •  that  4  0  d  ;  calves,  541  to  6e-id.  t  i STYLE=superscript  o  l STYLE=superscript  ;  there  es•.s  still  in  the  he:rts  av STYLE=superscript  o  E  glish  states-  e  A  rather  heavy  igarket  •  •  •  •  ris STYLE=superscript  sublimities  they  - STYLE=superscript  so  powerfully  reveal.  We  are  43,496,  whilst  in  the  works  of  Confucius  we  can  they  may  depend  upon  the  account  he  has  furnished  as  being  the  plaintiff  not  then  wishing  to  appear  as  the  purchaser  of  ,  ,  best  descnptio  et  man  a  spark  of  that  fire  which  burnt  ry STYLE=superscript  in  the  h  arts  of  s  '  s'  --  •  •  s  aoove  prices.  Other  sorts  rather  difficult  to  L  ... STYLE=superscript  •  .  satisfied  that  the  benefits  language  confers  are  not  discover  but  3,000.  This  forms  no  slight  disad-  extremely  accurate.  Milton  and  Cromwell.  He  recommended  that  they  shciuld  e  the  horse  requested  the  defendant  to  give  his  name  as  the  is  )•  .-&#34;'  M.  l STYLE=superscript  '  as,  ,  duly  estimated.  Like  the  blue  arch  of  heaven,  they  vantage,  as  it  becomes  an  insuperable  barrier  to  be  told  their  actual  duty  was  war  ;  and  let  the  war  be  the  -  •  '  purchaser  ' STYLE=superscript  •  that  the  defendant  did  so,  and  afterwards  refused  ete  to'  '  -  EDINBURGH  MARICETS.-Yes  e  . STYLE=superscript  te  0  0  15 STYLE=superscript  4 STYLE=superscript  - STYLE=superscript  the  m  •ess  of  science  and  literature  in  that  exten.-  DEATH-  IN  THE  PULPIT-The  W  rceste  have  grown  familiar  to  us,  arid  we  look  upon  them  Pgi  o  r  S  .  py  states  that  the  war  of  England,  not  of  Lord  Clarendon  and  Lord  Aberdeen.  to  give  up  the  horse.  It  was  also  stated,  that  on  the  same  day  the  defendant  admitted  to  different  persons  that  it  was  Coner.-We  had  a  small  sifpply  of  erfl`epriet'  without  any  great  degree  of  wonderment  or  con-  sive  empire.  We  have  heard  one  of  the  Chinese  Rev.  Seth  Alden,  of  Lincoln,  United  States,  while  supplying  The  following  letter  was  then  read  from  M.  Mazzini,  who  the  plaintiff  who  had  really  bought  the  horse,  but  said  that  mark.  The  demand  very  dull  for  all  kirDs'  ;  es:  cern,  although  heaven's  own  halo  surrounds.  them.  literati  acknowledge  this  fact  and  deplore  it.  the  Unitarian  pulpit  at  Westboro,  on  Sunday  last,  suddenly  fell  had  been  announced  as  one  of  the  speakers:-  the  plaintiff  had  only  offered  him  half-a-sovereign  for  his  quently  declined.  ,  ••  esse  '  15.2 STYLE=superscript  '  . STYLE=superscript  tic  As  we  purpose  to  begin  at  the  we  •The  first  lexicon  of  the  Chinese  language  was  bac  D  k  in  G  the  pulpit  and  instantly  expired.  TO  TEIE  CHAIRMAN  Or  THE  MEETING.  0.11  f  Cat  trouble,  that  he  would  not  take  that,  and  he  (the  defendant)  CATTLE.  •  Supply  of  sbeep  greal  ,  ,,,,tb  ee  r  0 STYLE=superscript  shall  first  of  all  take  a  critical  survey  of  the  origin,  arranged  end  perfected  by  PA-OUT  -SHE,  who  lived  C.  Shattock  of  Boston,  has  recently  iven  ‘'  MY  DEAR  FRIEND  —Nothing  .  but  illness  could  prevent  had  got  an  offer  of  151.  for  the  bargain  ;  and  that  if  the  week's  prices  fairly  maintainede  fees  declining.  fourteen  th  o STYLE=superscript  o  r STYLE=superscript  t  g STYLE=superscript  is  e STYLE=superscript  and  dollars  to  ' STYLE=superscript  Harvard  Coll  for  g STYLE=superscript  fore  Christ.  Most  of  the  progress,  and  perfection  of  language,  both  verbal  1,100-  years  be  .  ege,  Purpose  me  from  attending  at  your  anniversary  meeting  I  'am  plaintiff  would  not  give  him  51.  (one  witness  said  20/.)  he  than  last  week  •  sales  dull,  en  d- STYLE=superscript  F STYLE=superscript  of  placing,  on  a  more  permanent  foundation,  the  professorship  h  -1  •  f  •  h  •h•  U  b  *  k  t  th  h  rse  In  the  evening  the  defendant  '  -----------  oarse,  neura  gm,  evens  ,  coug  ing.  na  le  to  ta  e  tho  Ns  ou  slc  o  c  o  .  /  and  wiitten  ;  and  next,  advance  to  the  - STYLE=superscript  consideration  Chinese  characters  are  rude  hieroglyphics,  not  at  of  Morbid  Anatomy  in  that  least  part  in  your  proceedings,  I  would  only  prove  a  trouble  sold  the  horse  for  a  much  larger  price,  and  on  the  following  ___________--  -  el•;  1  0,  4  4  Gleeessee.eareeseenieETS.--Yeereeph  .  of  printing,  and  its  effects  on  literature.  all  unlike  our  signs  of  the  Zodiac  ;  still  Morrison  An  Irishman  comparing  his  watch  with  the  town  clo  k  c'  to  the  bystanders.  lam  however  the  loser.  Soul,  mind,  day  the  horse  won  the  West  Kent  Stakes.  CORN.—Little  passing  in  the  trade  durine  t  e STYLE=superscript  01  ised  a  ainst  them-  b  It  is  said  that  there  are  587  langua3es  and  dias  has  refuted  the  ob  i  jections  ra  h  g  h  .  y  burst  into  a  fit  of  laughter.  Being  laughed  at  he  replied,  And  affection,  you  have  me  all,  We  have  stuck  our  flae  to  the  The  defence  set  up  was,  that  the  defendant  had  bid  for  prices  are  barely  supported.  The  same  inactavite  •  e  i  lects  in  Europe,  937  in  Asia,  226  in  Africa,  and  the  Western  scholars,  and  affirms  tat  it.  eyre  more  how  can  I  help  it?  Here  is  my  little  watch  .  that  was  made  by  mast,  some  twenty-two  years  ago,  since  the  first  day  ot  our  the  horse  on  his  own  account,  and  that  it  was  at  last  knocked  to-day,  the  sellers  were  disposed  to  submit  to  a  a  nos  ic?  extraordinary  number  of  1,264  in  America;  making  impressive  than  alphabetical  symbo  s  i  tetcording  Paddy  O'Flalierty,  on  Ormond  Quay,  and  which  only  cost  m  e  proscription.  Old  in  years,  not  in  spirits,  we  still  hold  by  down  to  him.  That  he  had  but  23/.  ss.  in  his  pocket,  and  le  boll  in  Wheat,  which  reduction,  however,  t  ie  elt,  0  a.  grand  total  of  3,014.  The  transition  of  language  to  Sir  Richard  Phillips,.  there  are  s  f  ro  ,  n  r  ,.  re  o,  sera  c  i  five  guine  .  as,  has  beat  that  big  clock  there  a  full  hour  and  a  A  -brothers  as  ever,  brothers  for  ever.  Poverty,  deceptions,  had  been  obliged  to  borrow  the  rest  from  the  plaintiff,  to  and  applies  more  to  new  than  old.  Flour  sol  ,  e  fee,  is  referable  either  to  an  indefinite  antiquity  of  blances  between  the  Egyptian  art  o  Ns  ritin,  an  quarter  since  yesterday  Basle  , STYLE=superscript  '  .  0  4 STYLE=superscript  9  betrayals,  schisms,  and  feuds,  all  the  bitterness  of  a  leng  whom  he  would  have  paid  it  back  the  same  evening,  but  le  barrel  and  sack  under  previous  rates.  .  asee  y  nations,  or  to  distinct  races  of  men.  Powers  of  the  Chinese,  but  the  latter  is  more  artful  than  the  .  4.  waggish  member  of  the  Rhode  Island  legislature  plumes  exile,  all  the  curses  of  prevailing  materialism  and  indite  that  the  plaintiff  claimed  to  be  himself  the  purchaser  of  the  and  new  being  ls  le  boll  cheaper.  Little  ce  ,u  ,  e  to  ,e  voice  are  as  natural  to  man  as  to  animals  and  former.  Both,  in  effect,  have  an  ideal  and  syllabic  himself  upon  the  wise  which  he  says  has  settled  ference,  have  assailed  us  by  turn.  .But  we,  thank  God:did  horse,  which  the  defendant  from  the  first  utterly  denied  to  PIG  IRON.-Market  flat  to-day,  at  78s  ba  a  ti  er  birds  ;  and  there  is  every  reason  to  believe  that  power,  and  also  a  phonetic  or  alphabetic  pow  .  the  liquor  question  in  that  state  •  a  com  remise  to  which  both  not  flinch.  We  have  spurned  the  devil  and  his  temptations.  be  the  case.  The  defence  on  the  point  of  the  sale  itself  was  without  finding  buyers.  sides  have  agreed,  viz.  The  't  m  P STYLE=superscript  I  ot  the  e  perance  men  lave  g  Vi,  1 STYLE=superscript  1/  the  border  tribes  interchanged  their  sounds.  This  last  seems  to  be  the  application  of  a  principle  We  :have  -  seen  our  beacons  one  by  oue  disappearing,  sustained  not  only  by  the  evidence  of  the  defendant  himself,  --  10'4  Maine  law,  which  is  a'l  they  want,  and  every  body  else  has  Monosyllables  were  undoubtedly  the  sounds  origi-  which  they  developed  to  other  nations,  who  sought  ho  believed  that  he  had  DUBLIN  CORN  - STYLE=superscript  EXCHANGE  -Tuesnel  , STYLE=superscript  cl•  '  i STYLE=superscript  and  darkness  prevailing  all  around  us.  But  our  guiding  but  by  that  of  the  auctioneer,  w  ,  •  _,  eels  Ds  nally  employed  ;  from  which  subsequently  sprung  only  to  assimilate  sonnds,  and  hence  arrived  at  the  P  y  lent  of  rum,  Th  'IV  7  '  which  is  all  they  star  was  on  high,  far  above  all  temporary  events  ;  and  we  knocked  down  the  horse  to  the  defendant,  and  who  received  At  our  corn  market  to-day  the  supply  u.  io  ley  , STYLE=superscript  ,  e  as  sington  u  n  i  on  contra  di  cts  t  h  e  story  t  h  at  th  e  Prese  never  missed  it.  There  was  no  darkness  in  our  soul,  the  money  for  it  from  the  hands  of  the  defendant.  wheat  was  small,  and  of  barley  and  oats  rather,  ,  seed'  syllabic  compounds.  Hence  all  the  fundamental  alphabet  without  its  ,  hieroglyphic,  ideotic,  and  .  its  dent  had  appointed  ex-President  Martin  Van  Buren  the  umpire  Desp  a  i  r  i  s  th  e  d  ar  k  ness  o  f  th  e  soul  ;  and  we  could  not  desp  a  i  r  .  Mr.  Jones  replied,  and  contended  that  all  the  evidence  for  considerable  quantity  of  the  two  latter  was  9:  50  f  ,r,,'S  7 STYLE=superscript  ,  tongues  are  monosyllabic  as  to  generic  ideas,  and  syllabic  machinery.'  .  Precisely  similar  to  the  n  our  side,  to  settle  disputed  points  in  the  commission  on  We  had  long  ago  clung  to  things  immortal  ;  God,  duty,  the  defence,  except  that  of  the  defendant  himself,  was  con-  quality.  Wheat  fully  supported  the  currenel`  to  jedli  bi  `T  o  i,  compound  species  and  varieties.  ° STYLE=superscript  Such  is  the  princi-  Chinese  characters  are  the  figures  employed  by  o STYLE=superscript  .  .  -  •  I  •  b  •  1  '  h  b  I  ple  upon  which  the  Sanscrit,  Chinese,  Welsh,  Greek,  om  se  ves  to  repi  esent  num  els,  w  lic  ,  yt  le  way,  British  and  American  claims,  now  in  session  in  London.  If  liberty,  s  e  lf-sacrifice,  ever-livine.and-progressing  collective  sistent  with  the  plaintiff's  case,  for  no  doubt  the  representa-  Prime  barleyand  oats  were  scarcely  so  dear,  anus  sa  le  1  ';',ll  ,  made,  this  selection  is  the  act  of  the  commissioners,  as  they  alone  humanity.  In  that  common  fa  b STYLE=superscript  ith  we  had  grasp  e  d  eac  h  tion  made  at  the  time  to  the  auctioneer  was  e  that  the  inferior  qualities  of  both  were  very  difficult  et  ch  es  ,  ,  Hebrew,  German,  and  other  languages,  are  formed.  we  have  derived  from  the  Arabians,  as  the  Saracens  are  empowered  to  choose  the  umpire  on  either  side.  other's  hands,  and  no  darkness  could  make  us  loosen  - STYLE=superscript  th  e  defendant  was  the  purchaser.  That  representation  was,  pressed  at  a  reduction  of  6d  to  ts  ei  brl.  Dialects  have  arisen  either  from  the  structure  of  brought  them  from  their  country  into  Europe  in  PRESERVATION  OP  FRUIT.  ''  Tak  e  b  uc  k  w  h  ea  t  c  haff,  'and  grasp,  and  nothing  will.  Depend  upon  me,  God  has  blessed,  however,  explained  by  the  other  evidence,  and  the  evidence  38s  6d  to  ees  ;  red  ditto,  36  s  t  o  40  s  •  barlV'  r  e STYLE=superscript  i  l  i  r  the  vocal  organs,  the  power  of  imitation,  or  dh•ect  991  ;  and  before  the  importation  of  which,  letters  place  alternately  a  layer  of  fruit  and  o  f  c  h  a  fe.  Th  e  ch  a  ff  i  s  not  our  efforts,  but  our  constancy,  our  long-kept  brotherly  of  the  racing  correspondent  for  Bell's  Life  in  London,  and  12s  to  17s  6d;  malting  ditto,  les  6d  to  '2OB  6 STYLE=superscript  %  itt  e,  '  6  ,l'  corruptions-perhaps  from  all  these  causes  ;  and  were  used  for  •  the  same  purpose.  Each  cypher  1  e  T  ,iget.  en  case  you  wish  to  transp  or  t  your  f  ru  i  t  a  great  di  s  t  ance  alliance.  In  Savoy,  in  Lombardy,  in  Rome,  whene  ver  the  clerk  of  the  Newmarket  Jockey  .  ClaN  as  tO  what  the  to  16s;  oats,  white,  12s  od  to  15s  Od  ;  ditto  ta  i  1:10  0  1  what  they  produced  usage  perpetuated.  denotes  a  specific  object,  and  has  no  connection  it  not  only  preserves  from  b  •  '  b  f  '  f  t  i  rinsing,  ut  a  proo  against  ros  ,  1  there  has  been  a  summoning  for  us  to  act  against  'lies  defendant  had  said  at  the  moment  in  their  presence  was  to  14s  ;  rapeseed,  27s  6d  to  298  6d;  oatmealee  0  In  thoir  primitive  state  words  bore  a  nearer  re  _  whatever  with  words.  To  people  of  various  nations  used  and  oppression,  we  have  been  ready  to  perish  together.  wholly  unanswered.  16s  •  bakers'  flour,  22s  to  265;  Indian  corn,  I'  semblance  to  the  things  represented  than  at  pre.  and  languages,  such  figures  are  perfectly  intern  THE  EMIGRATION  or  1853  TO  CALIFORNIA.  -  The  Therefore  .  sib  shall,  one  of  these  days,  conquer  to-  .  P  Lord  Cam  bell  summed  up  the  case  as  one  of  conflicting  40s'to  45s  6d.  sent.  In  consequence  of  the  amplification  of  lan-  gible,  provided  they  agree  respecting  their  adap-  aggregate  to  the  15th  of  August,  presents  the  following  result:-  gether  ;  and,  mean  „  1  .  d  cl  . STYLE=superscript  f  h  1  •  iff  while  let  our  souls  in  this  commemora-  evidence  and  the  jury  returne  a  ver  ict  or  t  e  p  aint  ,  .  •  01,  eie  ter  e  te  ____  xl  h  considerably  deviated  from  their  tation  ;  and  hence  it  has  been  thought  that  a  uni-  Number  of  males,  9,909  ;  females,  2,252  ;  children,  3,058  ;  tory  evening,  renew  once  more  our  adiance.  Through  da  '  b  . STYLE=superscript  t  t  dd  t•  f  23/  5  -  mages  105/.,  su  jec  o  a  e  uc  ion  o  .  s.  guage  woi  s  ave  OCEAN  POSTAGB.-It  is  said  that  the  postroloiteee  primitive  roots.  Still  in  most  languages  we  yel  dis-  versal  language  qould  be  framed  upon  this  prin-  11  my  feelin  sI  do  commune  with  ou  all  m  roscribed  horses,  5,477;  mules,  2,190  ;  cattle,  105,792  ;  sheep,  48,495  ;  a  e  .  .  Y  .  ~  y  P  I  will  recommend  a  reduction  in  the  rates  of  oceal.  P  00  t  , STYLE=superscript  :,:/  brothers  and,  spite  of  bodily  absence,  in  faith,  hope,  and  a  The  Northern  Whig  reports  a  new  case  of  Asiatic  cho  era  ra  ..  y.  cover  - STYLE=superscript  words  whose  sounds  bear  a  degree  of  coms-  ciple,  i.  e.,  by  speaking  to  the  eye  instead  of  the  ear  3  708  •  Of  this  number  as  we  understand  the  re  ister  wagons„  ,  ,  g  .  ,  ,  ii  The  arrangements  which  he  has  made  with  f  7 STYLE=superscript  l  pondence  to  the  objects  they  are  intended  to  repre-  of  nations,  just  as  the  notes  in  music.  1,661  males,  762  females,  and  1,085  children,  were  destined  nrm  determination  of  carrying  on  to  the  last  the  sacred  ,in  Belfast.  An  eel  nearly  two  feet  long  was  found  on  Tuesday  in  the  states,  ,  o  e  e  by  which  the  rates  of  postage  by  the  was  ,  6  , STYLE=superscript  sent,  and  which  afford  a  more  natural  expression  lON.  for  Oregon-making  3,507.  struggle  for  truth  and  liberty-for  the  emancipation  of  our  own  countries,  and  for  the  still  higher  aim-unity  of  water-pipe  of  a  honse  in  Prince;s-square,  Glasgow.  '  '  have  been  materially  reduced,  are  eenerally  bell'''  '  of  the  things  sPecified.  According  to  some  French  (To  be  continued,)  DISTRICT  OF  COLUMBIA,  U.S.-According  to  the  census  re-  m  •d  I  d  h  dd  t  Pl•  h  C  1  On  Tuesday,  an  elderlywoman  attempted  suicide  in  Glas Glasanion  anion Glasanion  .  sen  a  s  ort  a  ress  o  your  ois  entre  •lad  I  •  Per'  '/  over  all  Northern  Europe.  -Ph  e  phsa  Pa  ___.,  ,  .  turns,  the  number  of  whites,  in  1850,  was  38,027;  free  colored,  -rr',f  , STYLE=superscript  writers,  language  was  altogether  arbitrary  in  its  e  Democratic  Committee.  Perhaps  you  will  be  so  good  gow  by  leaping  into  the  Clyde.  ;rig'  0  1 STYLE=superscript  SP  0  R  TIN  G  .  9,973;  total  free  population,  48,000  ;  slaves,  3,687-total  origin.  The  Stoics  and  Platonists,  however,  enter-  as  to  read  it  to  your  countrymen  present.  And  as  At  the  Wolverhampton  county  court,  on  Saturday,  Mr.  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  •••  ,  k______  lsyg_,  population,  51,687.  The  area  in  square  miles  is  sixty  ;  number  tained  conflicting  opinions  on  this  matter  ;  the  BETTING  AT  MANCHESTER.TUESDAY.  of  inhabitants  to  a  square  mile,  861.45,  or  more  than  six  times  to  the  English  sympathisers  who  will  be  in  the  room  Megevan,  bailiff  of  the  court,  proceeded  against  his  late  Is  Published  every  Morning  in  LIVERPOOL  .. STYLE=superscript  '  former  asserting  that  language  was  merely  a  corn-  There  was  a  thin  attendance  to-day,  and  business  showed  that  of  any  State  in  the  Union.  all  that  I  could  have  said  to  them  about  the  actual  moment,  clerk,  Mr.  Cox,  for  monies  received  and  not  accounted  for.  simultaneously,  and  thefollowing  are  the  rates  and  ~,I.  b  bination  of  signs;  the  latter  adopting  the  idea  that  very  little  improvement  on  our  last,  the  only  new  features  ,  and  about  the  precious  o  ort  LIGHTNING  V.  GUNPOWDER.-A  new  invention  has  just  •  •  •  unity  for  reviving  an  active,  The  sum  claimed  was  36/.  The  defence  was  that  certain  PP STYLE=superscript  -  •  •  h  l'lr  thd  b  n  aid  to  the  clerk  of  the  TERMS  OF  SUBSCRIPTi  a STYLE=superscript  ',4O  ° STYLE=superscript  ,  „  f  ee  ,if''  it  was  formed  by  some  principle  in  nature  which  observable  being  a  disposition  to  lay  against  Dervish,  and  to  been  maths  known  in  California,  which  is  intended  to  supersede  regular,  Polish  agitation  throughout  England,  will  be  monies  to  te  i  e  amoun  a  ce  p  IN  LIVERPOOL.  OUT  OF  1  , STYLE=superscript  yr  constructed  it  upon  resemblance,  or  analogy,  to  back  Ruby  and  Meteora  for  the  Derby.  '  Latest  prices  :-  the  use  of  gunpowder  as  a  projectile  force.  By  the  decom-  more  elo  uently  said  by  the  friends  and  collea  ues  whose  court.  There  was  a  verdict  for  plaintiff.  0  0 STYLE=superscript  i  those  particular  objects,  of  which  words  were  the  CHESTER  CUP.  position  of  one  pound  of  water,  Mr.  Smith  says  he  can  produce  t  nam  s  r  ci STYLE=superscript  e  on  our  list.  But  could  Ive  t  g STYLE=superscript  A  CENTENARIAN  CLERGYMA.N.-The  Rev.  G.  Fletcher,  e  a  y  n  ure  to  suggest  Term  for  In  advance  On  Credit  In  advance.  il  '  -  h  h  •  t  1t  d  his  106  year,  was  announced  to  -  ---  /  4 STYLE=superscript  I  o  you  and  to  your  countrymen  the  course  I  should  w  o  as  jus  comp  e  e  1  symbols.  .  1000  to  12  agst.  Indian  Warrior.  (t)  a  greater  amount  of  projectile  force  than  can  be  effected  by  •  -  wish  to  see  adopted,  I  would  say  :-Stand  up  resolutely  preach  a  sermon  at  Hope  Chapel,  London,  on  Sunday  last.  A  Year  ..  e  3  00e4  0  0  43  19  0  .t'  s STYLE=superscript  1  'rile  following  is  a  synopsis  of  the  number  of  1000  to  12  -  Joe  Miller  (t)  one  hundred  pounds  of  the  best  gunpowder,  and  that  by  means  •  s  -  •  k  A  7 STYLE=superscript  on  the  high  ground  which  befits  our  cause  and  the  fran  N  -CCLESIASTICAL  PROPRIETOR.-The  Right  Ifev.  DT.  Half  year  ..  .'1  11  6  .42  2  0  el  18  0  S  words  in  ancle-+  end  modern  languages  ;.--  1000  to  10  -  Julia  (t)  of  the  new  agent,  each  gun  of  a  frigate  may  be  made  t  d  l•  •  o  C  iver  straightforward  men  whom  you  want  to  become  its  sup-  Denvir,  has  been  a  purchaser  of  estates  in  Down.  He  fills  .  il  Hebrew  contains  1  ,700 STYLE=superscript  radical  words.  500  to  5  -  Robin  Hood  (t)  a  broadside  of  one  thousand  shot  in  a  minute.  This,  we STYLE=superscript  porters.  Do  not  narrow  the  question  to  the  proportions  of  an  the  office  of  R.  C.  Bishop  of  Down  and  Connor.  Qua;ter  ..  40  se  641  5  0  ose  6  i  Greek  50,000  words.  500  to  5  -  Crusader  (t)  •  suppose,  must  be  put  down  among  the  useful  inventions.  interest.  Speak  to  them  of  duty.  Your  are  sure  of  having  THE  GREAT  NORTHE'r:  V.  THE  SOUTH  YORKSHIRE.  The  I  Single  Pal'''  B  ily  , STYLE=superscript  Spanish  29,000  „  nen  to  5  -  Tom  (t)  1000  to  10  -  mese  beeeee  (t)  DISCOVERY  OF  SILVER  AND  OTHER  MINES:.  It  is  stated  that  a  silver  mine  has  been  recently  discovered  in  Stanley  •  your  appeal  responded  to.:  There  is  .  still  lurking  within  argument  .  .  in  this  caue,  i  i  the  Court  of  Exchequer  Chambers,  Single  Papers  3d.  Wl°  . STYLE=superscript  0  1 STYLE=superscript  `i  Subscribers  who  do  not  pay  their  Subscriptions  w  „os  , STYLE=superscript  0  French  ...  30,000  „  DERBY.  county;  (N.  C.)  which  is  believed  to  be  immensely  rich.  the  soul  of  every  honest  British  citizen  a  spark  of  the  concluded  on  Tuesday.  days  after  they  become  due  will  be  charged,  who&amp;  Il  ie  d  Italian  ......  45,000  „  61  to  1  apt.  Autocrat  (t  to  25/.)  The  vein  is  bele  se  be  thre  e  dllf  f  t  •  old  sacred  fire  which  burned  in  the  hearts  of  Milton  and  SAILING  OF  THE  ARCTIC.-The  Arctic,  Luce,  sailed  from  credP  price  for  all  papers'  that  may  have  been  suPP  l'  an  .  a  la  ee  wide,  and  has  Cromwell.  Stir  it  up  boldly,  and  never  fear.  The  people  the  Mersey  yesterday,  for  New  York,  at  10,  45  a.m.,  with  93  period  ofpayment.  , STYLE=superscript  German  -  Dervish  (t  and  off)  thousands  of  sheets  and  lumps  of  silver  ail  tinue  e  h  ;s.  It  iR  f  h  0  1 STYLE=superscript  /  English  about  24,000  „  25  to  1  -  Ruby  (t  to  700  estimated  that  the  ore  is  worth  from  $1  50  to  $3  fo  •  r  eveiy  es-  se  ern  Nelson  had  nci  other  sneee.h  than  the  concise  Passengers  and  ,ts  full  cargo.  one  England  expects  to-day  every  on  of  her  .  sons  to  bEACOMBE  .h  ERRY.-In  consequence  of  the  inefficient  ADVERTISEMENTS.  ~/  oli  lil  r  Before  laneuage  had  cast  off  its  swaddling-clothes  33  to  1  -  Meteora  (t  to  50/.)  eight  pounds,  but  its  value  has  vet  to  he  4.,11  F  ,i.v.ln  r  .a____  .  '  „  Advertisers  are  given  the  full  benefit  of  the  Rep  ,- STYLE=superscript  P  t  /  i  „  a  le  I  0  do  lua  duty,  has  not  been,  cannot  be  corrupted  by  the  working  of  the  Seacombe  ferry-boats,  their  irregularity,  &amp;c.,  Their  announcements  are  inserted  at  the  following  , STYLE=superscript  ':',,,0  0  and  attaineea  comparative  degree  of  maturity,  the  55  to  1  -  Old  Noll  (t)  crooked  weak  immoral  policy  of  diplomacy.  Speak  to  since  they  came  under  the  present  management,  a  meeting  if  pre-pvment  is  made.  Monthly  credit  is  .  onlY  _A:4,`,l  if  „  4  . STYLE=superscript  4  inhabitants  of  various  nations  were  accustomed  400  to  14  _  _  rim  NT....  ___....  .-.  1  .,,,  E  ,cau  kI)  TASMANIAN  RAILWAY.-From  an  article  in  the  Colonial  '  '  them  of  duty.  Tell  them  their  actual  duty  is  war-  was  held  in  Seacombe  yesterday,  ssreliminary  to  taking  men-  n  advertisers,  and  an  addition  of  ten  per  cent.  is  ch:  - STYLE=superscript  .  1  f  o  ils'  1  --  Times  of  the  21st  of  June,  we  perceive  that  the  Van  Diemen's  made  on  or  before  the  10th  of  each  month.  A&#34;'  1114  M  Witeetilfit4ed  to  assist  its  imperfect  ex-  THE  SCOTTISH  CHURCH.-It  is  said  ,to  be  the  intention  Land  people  are  projecting  a  railway  from  Hobart  Town  to  foe  the  remed  of  what  th.e  - STYLE=superscript  reeidents  deem  a  reat  ot STYLE=superscript  war  for  the  purpose  of  ascertaining  .  whether  Europe  is  to  .  be  sur  .  es  y  g  scale  of  given  up  defenceless  to  the  successive  encroachments  of  des-  grievance.  Charges  for,  Single  Insertions'  9  4:i  pression.  In  the  Prophetic  writings  examples  are  to  raise  a  sum  by  voluntar  subscri  tion  amen  the  E  isco-  Launceston  This  reat  effair  is  •  •  F  p  •  g  ,  .  .  conjectured  to  cost  a  consi consial  al consial  Church  of  Scott  nd  t  Y STYLE=superscript  •  P STYLE=superscript  potism,  or  to  be  free,  orderly,  peacefully-progressing  God's  FAULT  cocoa  tree  64,  St.  brought  before  our  notice  ;  and..  we  find  those  a  ,  o  in  t  cr  c  e  the  efficiene  of  that  &amp;rabic  deal  of  money  which  it  is  ro  os  a  s  a  40  1/¢.,  p  P  .e.  to  raise  by  means  s  d  s  d  ' STYLE=superscript  establishment  d  e STYLE=superscript  d  a STYLE=superscript  s STYLE=superscript  r  alt  I  e  Y STYLE=superscript  f  ;  •  1  '  Europe-war,  for  the  pnrpose  of  solving  once  for  all  the  James's-street,  London,  was  broken  into  on  Tuesday  night,  12or  3  lines  loloor  11  lin  30  1  Wines,  5°  -,  's STYLE=superscript  '  . STYLE=superscript  o  i STYLE=superscript  l,'  actions  therein  spoken  of  to  be  the  faithful  inter-  r  r  a  x  l  c  t  t  es  a  s.  ca  ,,  •  A  u  Eil  a  iiei  r  rn7  i  s  i  sy  ehe  of  a  s  oul  s  r  t  e  o%  n  znpany,  .the  outlay  to  have  a  government  A  j.t  4  .5  ,  diocese  of  .M.c:  problem  of  ages  whether  man  is  to  be  a  passive  slave  tramp-  and  a  dozen  gentlemen  arrested  under  the  charge  of  being  4'0;5  „1612  or  13  „  es STYLE=superscript  36  20  ° STYLE=superscript  :r  21  s STYLE=superscript  '  . STYLE=superscript  4''  °'  preters  of  the  passions  and  emotions  which  evoked  the  f  ti  T STYLE=superscript  zt  S  tt  . STYLE=superscript  hE  •  f  c  man  ~  _  o  esires  guarantee  t  s  a  cer  .  tain  per  centage  of  interest,  the  seine  prayers  o  e  co  is  piscopa  hurch,  has  given  as  that  of  the  ydney  Railway  Company  In  co  •  •  •  led  upon  by  brtital  organised  force,  or  a  free  agent,  respell-  found  in  a  gaming-house.  The  parties  all  gave  falsenames;  6or  7  e  o  3 STYLE=superscript  1 STYLE=superscript  5  3 STYLE=superscript  '  „  2  0  14  or  15  „  4  0  22,  23,  or  :4.  g  A  gt  them.  Nor  did  this  peculiarity  fall  into  disuse  £7OOO  to  this  'b  . STYLE=superscript  t  dth  b•  t  . STYLE=superscript  +  b  •I  •  •  A STYLE=superscript  *  nnexion  with  sible  for  his  own  actions  before  his  Maker  and  his  felldw-  but  the  police  could  not  prove  the  finding  of  any  gaming  .o  pc  ,an  oer  su  scrip  ions  amoun.  tee  rai.way,  it  is  suggestee  to  carry  out  an  electric  teleeraph  e  n  .  '  •  •  •  '  •  •  •  Bor  9  „26160  r  17  „  4  6  25,  26,  or  27,  .7,  even  when  the  lanomages  of  Greece  and  Rome  had  already  to  £3OOO.  others-war  because  it  is  a  sin  and  a  shame  that  inter-  implements,  and  the  parties  were  discharged.  And  Sispence  for  every  Additional  two  l'&#34;  • STYLE=superscript  - STYLE=superscript  Asl  .  betwixt  the  extremes  which  would,  as  our  contem  ..eisep  p STYLE=superscript  r  el  that  attained  theirfull  development.  Cicero  tells  us  AN  EXPERT  ROBBER.-A  small,  keen-looking  individual,  draw  the  four  colonies  into  rorimit  and  porary  says  p  „  y,  teed  to  equalise  their  ference  should  ' STYLE=superscript  be  always  allowed  to  despots,  for  evil  doine•  PATENT  MACHINERY.-On  Tuesday  the  judicial  committee  01  Scale  of  Prices  for  Contract  Adve.-  - STYLE=superscript  ir  .  0  there  was  a  dispute  between  himself  and  Roscius,  named  John  Davis  (having  several  aliases),  who  made  his  several  markets.  never  applied  by  the  good  and  free  to  the  improvement  or  of  privy  council  confirmed  the  letters  of  extension  of  what  PAYABLE  IN  ADVANCE.  1  , STYLE=superscript  4/,  the  celebrated  comedian-in  whose  defence,  by  the  entree  into  Belfast,  from  England,  about  a  fortnight  ago,  THE  CHINESE  IN  CALIFORNIA..-The  Chinese  toe  buyin  '  is  known  as  Cam  bell's  atent  the  lon  s  inning  •  g  protection  of  nations  .  -war,  because  it  is  unworthy  of  Eng-  ~  p  .  p  ,  g  p  Month  s STYLE=superscript  ....tr  One  Month  3  Months  6  6  p  ...,  way,  he  made  his  first  oration,  w  p  hich  roved  the  was  brought  up  at  the  police-court,  Belfast  on  Monda  h  d  •h  h  •  --  '  -  '  Amer•can  Ys  1  y,  up  1  ese  s  and  American  seainen  for  the  war.  The  1d  to  stand  impassive  by  a  murderous  conflict,  and  to  re-  patent  for  the  spinning  of  silk  and  other  fibrous  substances.  peat  th  d  fth  d  A  I  b  • STYLE=superscript  th  is  Th  hd  b  •f  •  d  t  . STYLE=superscript  11  b  F  ench  t  t  e  wor  s  o  e  accurse  :  m  my  ro  e  s  e  same  a  een  in  nnge  par  la  yy  a  r  pa  en  .  el  26  or  78  or  1  5 STYLE=superscript  ,,  e  rtiO'''  . STYLE=superscript  1'  1  Insertions.  Insertions.  I  , STYLE=superscript  l_  i  0  i  foundation  of  his  fame-whether  he  could  express  c  arge  wit  am  committed  no  less  than  six  bbe  •e  w  •  H  a  -  th  '  g STYLE=superscript  ra STYLE=superscript  San  s  rancisco  orald  says  In  addition  to  the  ship  Hama-  ______-_  _  _  ...  ____—  ,d.  00  i  a  sentiment  in  a  greater  variety  of  phrases,  or  unng  at  period.  The  first  robber  was  that  of  a  car  et  tn  we  'earn  that  p  0  ,  ,  several  large  vessels  have  recently  been  pur-  keeper  War,  because  nations  die  from  dishonou  hNIt•  t  b  b  eht  f•  f  •  t  ras  muc  eis  ac  ion  o  e  rou  e  or  in  nngemen  .  s.  d.  Xs.  d.  -€  0  1  8 STYLE=superscript  I  1  bag,  containing  several  art'  1  f  '  y STYLE=superscript  h  as  from  tyanny-war,  because  it  is  never  too  late  for  expia-  BELLE  Seuvecre.-YourPhiladelphian  correspondent  asks  ito  3  lines  ..  I  2  o  215  0  4 STYLE=superscript  ,,  l STYLE=superscript  i  6  16  ti  1  Roscius  in  a  greater  variety  of  intelligible  gesticu-  d  t  c  ii  e  n  s  o  f.r  vaez,  t  e  prpeety  .  of  an  chased  by  Chinese  merchant  s  ,  and  are  now  beieg  fitted  out  in  fi  n  e  and  an  expiation  is  wanted  to  the  sinful,  unprincipled,  whether  Blue  Blue  Anchor  &amp;c.,  are  corruptions  4or  5  lines  ..  113  0  42  6  1  1  0  0  5/  1  6  4  emigrant  naned  Terence  lations.  Indeed,  to  such  a  remarkable  length  was  Magee  saw  the  prisoner  takine  re  baee  e  f  o  r  ul  y  eic  o  i  f  he  T  Yr.dretnhee•  t  n  his  port  d  tor  I  t  i  ,.h  e  opposite  coast  of  the  Pacific.  They  will  be  unfinglish  policy  which  immoveably  saw-nay,  lent  di-  of  some  other  emblem,  such  as  that  elich  in  London  trans-  6  8,7  7  or  lin  io  es  iin  ..  ,B  2  3  ;0  0  :  13  0  0  0  15  is  :  r  ,  4  gesture  carried,  that  it  became  an  art  ;  entered  ,c  ,  and  on  inquiry  if  it  ieere  his  a STYLE=superscript  h  avigate  .y  .  merican  seamen  ,  b  ut  w  iii  sa  il  un  d  er  th  e  chinese  rectly  or  indirectly  an  arm  to-the  fall  of  Poland,  the  formed  Belle  into  Bell  This  is  1,  re,  or  131ines  49  0  11  10  0  !!  I STYLE=superscript  :  0  0  °  upon  the  stage  ;  and  history  testifies  that,  during  rei  ej  e  l  g  ,  of  course  it  is,  whose  else  should  it  The  clue  property,  e  flag.  This  will  enable  them  to  visit  Japan  and  we  aro  dis  sed  to  think  such  is  th  f  hei  '  I  •  Po  fall  of  Hungary,  the  fall  of  Venice,  the  fall  of  not  the  fact.  The  on  Ludgate-hill  was  14,15,  6  2  ori6  d  line  !  511  0  14  5  0  :‘'  /  the  reigns  of  Augustus  and  Tiberius,  pantomime  was  further  traced  by  Magee,  who,.  we  have  heard,  is  called,  e  phrpose  o  t  r  owners.  et  is  said  they  Rome-war,  for  the  noble  him  of  seeing  truth  originally  kept  by  one  Isabella  Savege.  A  cotemporary  For  everya  dill-  4  15 STYLE=superscript  °  /  i  are  d  •  esirous  of  reaching  Jeddo  about  the  time  Commodore  onal  3  lines  or  12  0  215  0  -  I  and  right  restored,  tyranny  stopped.  in  its  reckless  historian,  writing  of  one  of  the  leaders  in  a  rebellion  in  the  less.  --- STYLE=superscript  -  '---- STYLE=superscript  -q  l STYLE=superscript  e  was  the  favourite  amusement  of  the  Roman  people.  in  the  nomenclature  of  the  thieves,  the  Antrim  Rat-  Perr  '  •  s  squadron  h-s  brought  the  islanders  to  terms  -  Alter  the  barbarous  hordes  from  the  North  had  and  the  prisoner  was  fully  committed.-Northern  A  Y STYLE=superscript  PP  -  H  •  career,  nations  happy  and  free,  • STYLE=superscript  God's  earth  smiling  anew,  re-  days  of  Queen  Mary,  says,  then  sat  down  upon  a  stone,  --  overspread  Europe,  the  character  of  language  gra  Whig.  EAL  (JP  THE  UNGARIANS  IN  BEHALF  OF  TURKEY.-  ligious  and  political  liberty  enthroned,  and  England  proud  opposite  to  Bell  Savage's  and  Queries.  AGENTS  IN  TFIE  COUNTooIV  ...•  -  inei  ° STYLE=superscript  '  Two  Hungarians  at  New  York,  Charles  Rornis  and  Losis  Ashton....  ....  .  Mr  Kerrigan.  PreSt(ol...  ..,  0  01  .,  ,  .  dually  became  changed  ;  action  in  conversation  SOUTHAMPTON,  MONDAY,  NOV.  28.-The  Peninsular  Torok,  have  published  an  address  to  their  countr  men  in  e'l  d  ,f  1  •hi  mpathies  and  blessines  of  benefited  COAL  AND  IRON  TRADE  -Such  a  demand  for  oal  wi  an  poe  er  u  ,  wit  tle  sy  e  .  •  .  c  e  .  •th  Birmingham..  Mr.  Cooper.  Wili  t  tosf`  e  t)  Tell  them  that  had  Po-  such  hi  h  rates  never  was  known  before  in  those  districts  peoples.  Tell  them  these  things.  g  ,  .  .  .  .  .  .  E.  &amp;C.  Mansell.  Runcorn.  ......  W.  A  0  .  #?.,,  and  in  public  declamation  became  shorn  of  its  vio-  and  Oriental  Steam  Navigation  Company's  ship  Iberia,  calling  on  them  to  adopt  preparatory  measures  fo  y STYLE=superscript  r  offeri  n  g  t  x STYLE=superscript  h  i STYLE=superscript  e  e STYLE=superscript  i  ;  11  S.  VII  i STYLE=superscript  ,11  1 STYLE=superscript  i STYLE=superscript  lence  ;  and  at  present  we  find  it  almost  altogether  Captain  Brad  .  shaw,  sailed  this  afternoon  with  the  usual  services  to  Governor  Kossuth  for  an  expedition  in  aid  of  T  k  a STYLE=superscript  '  -••  '  •  Ind  been  had  Hungary  been  had  Italy  been,  war  would  by  the  oldest  man  living.  This  is  in  a  great  measure  owing  Burnley  Mr.  Lutcliffe.  oc/trials-  •  ••  •  •  E  s  B STYLE=superscript  .  o  o;  c  e,  divested  of  that  peculiar  accompaniment  which  mails  for  Vigo,  Oporto,  Lisbon,  Cadiz,  and  Gibraltar.  against  Ru  ur  not  now  be  a  sad  unavoidable  necessity,  a  heavy  duty  to  be  to  the  facilities  given  by  the  introduction  of  railways  into  Bolton.  ....  ssia.  They  sa.y,  is  our  eenv;elion  that  the  time  fulfilled.  Tell  th  '  •  frf  •  k•  1l•  f  h  'f  '  •  Is  cl•  •  800t1e....  .  g  the  passengers  are  Lord  De  Table  em  that  there  is  a  unity  o  ie  in  man  ind  tis  oca  Ay  or  t  e  transit  o  it  into  t  e  ifferent  countries,  ,  „  seise  ise'  s  ee  o  e  s  y  and  Colonel  distinguished  it  in  ancient  times.  Expressive  ges-  A. STYLE=superscript  V  m( STYLE=superscript  ICI  I- STYLE=superscript  frL'  b  •  Ca  tain  and  Mrs  H  1  y  e,  o  is  on  ,  .  p  oward,  for  Gibral-  Turkey,  has  come  when  we  should  offer  the  allegiance  of  um'  arms  to  which  does  not  allele  wrong  to  be  done  or  tolerated  without  in  connection  with  the  home  demand  for  forges,  mills,  and  - STYLE=superscript  6;:  0  • STYLE=superscript  77  - STYLE=superscript  •  •  l STYLE=superscript  itlvi  c STYLE=superscript  !  E  Y STYLE=superscript  arr....  st.  lid—  ....  1.- STYLE=superscript  .100  OJ  ., STYLE=superscript  a.  0  1  0 STYLE=superscript  '  ture  is,  at  the  present  day,  the  characteiistic  of  the  whither  Governor  Kossuth  must  soon  invite  us  te  fol-  the  conseque  f  11'  1  t  th  h  1•  th  t  f  d  •  t  h  h  e  7., STYLE=superscript  e- STYLE=superscript  —•  •  M  Ctt  n  fll  •  tar,  &amp;c.  The  carg:o  is  a  ver  .  y  u  one,  and  includes  a  laree  nces  amg  soon  or  ae  on  ewo  e  ,  a  as  urnaces,  an  ,as  win  er  approac  es,  every  person  w  o  can  reu  e....  ....  .  ary  oo  .  Soulliport..  .....  so  _  I  ,.  ~,  Italian  nation.  „  low  him  to  the  field,  under  the  fla  '  gof  Hungary.  '  cholera  comes  to  bid  us  to  take  care  that  there  should  not  afford  it  is  trying  to  get  in  a  stock.  'We  aro  happy  to  state  Chester.....  quantity  of  mourning  materials,  in  consequence  of  the  death  -•  stoesporee•  •'•  it.  OPT,  e  After  mankind  became  skilled  in  language,  they  -  fr  t  I  Th  Slt  '  HEAVY  ROBBERY  OF  GOLD  DUST.  R.  &amp;H.  Taylor.  Jar°  SO  0  0 STYLE=superscript  ?  -Thirty  box  es  re  p  r  e-  e  e  abject,  filthy,  degrading  poverty  throughout  the  land,  so  that  the  districts  are  very  peaceable,  and  the  colliers  are  re-  of  the  Queen  o  or  uga  .  e  u  an,  with  the  home-  muted  t  Douglas..  mrs.  Quiggins.  wiga  ,  .....  .  •  •  •  mrs•  str  ic  o  o  o  contain  gold  dust  were  recently  shi  ed  from  San  perceived  a  want  , STYLE=superscript  and  endeavoured  to  supply  it.  ward  mails  from  the  Peninsular  ports  is  due  at  Southamp-  achi  h  PP  war  comes  as  ate  ng  tat  there  can  be  no  p  .  ermanent  markably  quiet,  and  there  seems  a  greater  disposition  on  Holyhead—  H.  G.  Hugl  a  iet  .i.  Francisco  for  this  't  •  P  '  •  .  w  o  olton•  ••  ':  ..  .  .--:  - STYLE=superscript  1  ,0  ,  7,s  They  made  an  attempt  to  represent  ideas  and  ton  on  the  2d  or  3d  proximo  ;  and  the  Ripon,  Captain  It  ci  y  via  altarna,  consigned  to  time  American  peace,  no  mutual  trust,  no  stability  of  human  affairs,  unless  their  part  to  pay  more  attention  to  their  work  in  the  early  Huddersfield,..  Edwar  e  d  ß  C  o  l  ot  y  h.  wir  ,,,,,.  ...  •  ye  l  l,  A,  J  Exch  Hyde....  sounds  by  means  of  certain  marks  or  characters,  Moresby,  I.N.  with  the  heavy  portions  of  the  East  India  .  anis  Bank.  Upon  arrival  here  they  were  forwarded  to  j  'ustiee,  right,  and  liberty  are  first  made  the  ground  for  a  part  of  the  week.  The  iron  trade  continues  remarkably  i  Macclesfield....  Mr.  Shuttleworth  ~  11  111 STYLE=superscript  '  ~  f  ,  the  mint  for  coina  h  •  so  that  in  this  way  they  may  .be  enabled  to  con-  China,  and  Mediterrannean  mails,  may  he  expected  about  ge,  w  ere  it  was  ascertained  that  two  of  the  true  balance  of  ewer  in  Euro  e  And  tell  them  testi  to  brisk,  and  as  the  French  traffic  uon  manufactured  and  i  o  ki  k  ide.  P  P..  .  ,  Y,  .  .  .  ,  .  p  .  .  p  g  ~,,,...,  ..  .....  William  e  s  sars  ~  ,  e  t  , STYLE=superscript  boxes  were  filled  with  bullets  and  shot  ;  an  adi  '  •  'ea  robbery  beware.  War  is,  to  all  probability  unavoidable.  Let  A  iron  is  now  reduced  a  still  greater  impetus  will  be  given  to  Prescot.  10  - STYLE=superscript  i  i.  verse  with'  the  absent,  and  leave  behind  them  the  same  d  .  ate.  The  Royal  mail  steamship  Solent,  Captain  having  been  effected,  probably  when  the  boxes  wcee  in  transi  d'  d  h  •  '  -  '  d•t  P  •  •1  '  •  •  •  tu.  be,  for  Go  san  .  um  b  d  d  anity  s  sake  the  war  the  one  goo  i  .  nces  are  stil  advancing,  which  is  not  to  e  won  cre  Preston  James  Lambert.  ''  ~5S  s  s.  records  of  their  history.  The  characters  invented  Jellecoe  is  ,  to  take  out  the  next  West  India,  Pacific,  and  eilegi,•oo•  l9 STYLE=superscript  f•  i',  Gulf  of  Mexico  •  All  of  the  thirty  were  originally  of  th  •  'd  h  el  '  •  b  ttl  f  h  . STYLE=superscript  h  •'•  '  b  1  f  t  h  'd  h  h  •  fth  t•  1  h  e  same  size  an  s  ape,  and  true  ecisive  aeor  a  ig  principle,  the  last  att  eoraw  en  we  corm  er  tat  t  e  price  o  e  raw  ma  ena  as  PUBLISHING  OFFICES,  }  ~  O.  .  in  ST.  were  two-fold  •  that  is  to  say,  signs  for  things  and  -  .  .  mails,  .of  the  2d  of  December  ;  and  the  similarly  branded  ;  but  it  is  suppo  LIVERPOOL,  19,  SOUTH  Joi  ,  pb,  .  0  0  unnoco  will  be  due  on  the  Ist  roximo  with  the  home  mails  sed  that  two  of  them  were  many  generations  to  come.  Let  it  be  the  war  of  England,  suffered  no  diminution  in  pnce  during  the  present  year  ,  MA  NC  HEST  ER,9,  Paine  ass  ST.  Af  t/  .11)  1 STYLE=superscript  a  - STYLE=superscript  P  I STYLE=superscript  signs  for  tro;ds  ;  the  former  consisting  of  hiero-  b  t  •  a  s  'acted,  and  others  of  si  ES  W  d  from  the  same  qn  rter  Th  P STYLE=superscript  U  it  d  Sett  s'  mail  steam-  miler  exterior  substituted  in  their  no  t  of  Lord  Clarendon  and  Lord  Aberdeen.  Let  them  watch  whilst  the  prices  upon  the  manufactured  and  pig  iron  have  CIIARL  •o•  0-11 STYLE=superscript  I.  glyphics,  the  latter  of  alphabetic  symbols.  The  ship  Franklin,  with  (hies  fre  e STYLE=superscript  IsT  i STYLE=superscript  e STYLE=superscript  Yorl:  t  e STYLE=superscript  o  the  19th  inst  ,  Plac STYLE=superscript  s  r•  UPon  close  examination,  it  was  ascertained  that  the  closely  the  conduct  of  their  government  ;  ancl  let  them  not  receded  considerably,  and  are  not  now  up  to  the  standard  Printed  and  Published  by  G  eral  Printule.  efooo,  first  approach  towards  writing  was  made  by  rude  boxes  were  a  trifle  larger,  and  that  the  br  a  nd  was  not  a  ll  ow  E  ng  li  s  h  b  r  ave  blood  to  be  spilt  for  the  me  re  o  bj  ec  t  of  they  were  when  coal  and  stone  attained  their  present  price.  •  Oxford-street,  at  h  r  ts  ehenjoee_street,  Fiet,  Lie  is  expected  to  arrive  Off  Cow  m STYLE=superscript  es  e STYLE=superscript  o  w STYLE=superscript  n  her  way  to  Havre,  on  pictures,  in  which  the  form  of  sensible  objects  Wednesday  or  Thursday  next.  '  i  a  pe  .d  rlect  imitation  of  the  genuine.  The  property  was  all  in-  achieving  a  poor,  immoral,  transitory,  diplomatic  contri-  Labour  continues  stillen  high  request,  with  every  prospect  Establishment,  19,  Dourt,,GEMßßly  ?  sum  .-New  York  Journal  of  Commerce.  vance,  leaving  the  evil  to  grow  again  out  of  its  root  a  few  ,  of  a  continuance.-  Wolverhampton  Herald.  THURSDAY.  ii-c,"
