text
"pecu'iar  exce'lence  of  the  ales  cf  the  Messrs.  Tetley,  like  those  of  Burton—both  of  the  later  of  which  were  analysed  by  the  editor.  as  also'.  the  waters  used  in  their  preparation—is  their  remarkable  keeping  quality,  and  their  retention  of  that  deli delicate  cate delicate  flavour  of  the  hops,  so  o!ten  lost  by  the  pale  ale  brewer,  not notwithstanding  withstanding notwithstanding  his  utmost  ef  f STYLE=superscript  orts  to  secure  it.  This,  of  course,  arises  from  the  near  approach  made  in  their  toretiee  to  the  theory,  that  a  low  fermenting  heat  can  al'ne  preserve  the  beer  from  the  simul simultaneous  taneous simultaneous  formation  of  the  acetic  acid  with  the  a'cohol,  and  their  recognition  of  the  fact  that  72.  Fahr.  is  the  highest  degree  of  heat  that  can  be  clipetrted  upon.  Brewing,  it  is  well  :mown,  has  been  long  carrie:l  on  In  Bavaria  on  these  principles;  hut  hitherto  there  has  existed  an  ins  .  p.perable  objection  to  their  adoption  by  the  more  his  country,  en  account  of  the  great  length  of  .. STYLE=superscript  ttenuatioh.  Till  4  tiillicu'ty,  however,  _  rcoe,  fementiome.hiting  in  as  short  a  ti  me  as  by  the  m STYLE=superscript  old  the STYLE=superscript  m  od,:  r STYLE=superscript  :  the  hop  flavour  ?reserved,  :+nd  indeed  It  may  be  safely  asserted  that  its  deli deli'la  'la deli'la  neyer  more  surdy  destroyed  than  by  high  and  tur turntation.  ntation. turntation.  time  requited  for  perfe  . STYLE=superscript  would  appear  to  be  at  ength  c  gate  4.e  --  bnlent  fee__  ••  This  new  aft-on:log  greater  pu  dissolution  of  baln  - STYLE=superscript  t  by  der4eted  by  the  yea  , STYLE=superscript  ty  fla  bigh  Woper,.tures.  Good  •able  in  a  beet  ..r  3  t  e  :?  for  t  con!tit  ewing  pale  ale  has  also  the  advantage  of  '  l, STYLE=superscript  grancii,  it  being  well  known  that  the  ihni,  the  result  of  which  may  often  be  ivour  of  the  ale,  is  much  accelerated  by  water,  cc  previously  stated,  is  indispen•  nel  ale  cannot  1)1  brewed  with  water  not  The  water  at  the  brewery  of  Messrs.  cation  en  ““41y51,1  of  it,  b  y  th  e  editor,  at  page  245.  e  Ales  successfully  competing  with  the  very  finest  y  reference  to  the  number  of  first-class  :s  supplied.  A  list  of  them  will  be  e  Liverpool  agent,  of  whom  a  list  can  big  houses  In  the  p.ovinces,  where  ned,  either  In  bottle  or  in  draught.  LIST  OF  STORES.  Il  4e  seen  Terey'q  Upper  Tharr.  es.street.  ).  Middle  Abbey-street.  13;ackfriars  le-street,  achange-street  West  SOLE  AGENT  IN  LIVERPOOL,  3 STYLE=superscript  1  R.  W.  W.  DORRINGTON,  26,  NORTM  J.OliN-STBEET."
