text
"Seven  - STYLE=superscript  others  ran.  This  was  a  splendid  race,  the  fences  beinc  , STYLE=superscript  taken  cleverly  by  all  the  horses,  m  ore  p  ar  ti  cu  l  ar  ly  by  Peter  6 STYLE=superscript  and  Bourton,  who  were  the  chief  favorites  with  the  ring.  The  struggle  lay  between  Peter,  Bourton,  and  The  General  who  alter alternately  nately alternately  occupied  the  first  position,  and  had  the  speed  of  The  General  been  at  all  equal  to  his  fencing  qualities  he  would  undoubtedly  have  won  the  race.  Bourton  won  by  a  length  half  a  length  between  The  General  and  Peter.  Two  mis mishaps  haps mishaps  occurred;  Montagu  fell  at  the  water  leap,  and  Oliver  the  jockey  appeared  to  be  severely  hurt  ;  another  horse  fell  at  one  of  the  fences  at  the  back  of  the  course,  but  we  were  unable  to  ascertain  the  name,  as  the  jockey  remounted  and  soon  obtained  a  place  iu  the  cluster.  •  HURDLE  RACE  of  40  toys.  added  to  a  Handicap  of  5  sovs.  each.  22  subs.  Mr.  Johnson's  b.  m.  Star  of  England  Tasker.  Mr.  A.  Sait's  b.  h.  Timothy  Sait.  Five  others  ran.  Won  cleverly  by  a  length.  LORD  MINTO  AND  THE  GOVERNMENT.  —A  correspondent  of  a  daily  contemporary,  writing  fr:,ni.  Florence  on  the  7th  inst.,  says  Lord  Minto  is  here,  and  I  hear  from  the  best  authority  that  not  many  days  ago  the  police  set  spies  to  watch  who  went  to  call  upon  him  at  his  hotel,  such  is  the  suspicion  of  this  miserable  government.  SALISBURY  ELEcTroN.  The  polling  at  this  election  took  place  on  Tuesday,  when  Major  Buckley,  the  ministerial  candidate,  was  elected  by  a  majority  of  255  to  88  over  his  opponent,  Captain  Roberts.  The  city  throughout  the  day,  was  a  scene  of  continual  excitement,  and  at  one  time  bordering  on  riot.  TOWN'S  MEETING  ON  THE  Tnniusn  QUESTION.  We  understand  that  a  movement  is  on  foot,  having  for  its  object  a  town's  meeting  on  the  Turkish  question,  and  that  a  requisition  will,  in  all  probability,  be  presented  to  the  mayor  in  'a  few  days,  desiring  him  to  call  a  public  meeting  of  the  inhabitants,  for  the  purpose  of  discussing  what  the  duty  of  government  is  in  the  present  vitally  importnt  crisis.  THE  PILGRIM  FATHERS.  -  The  Rev.  C.  M.  Birrell  delivered  a  short  explanatory  lecture  last  night  upon  the  historical  event,  one  scene  of  which  is  depicted  in  Mr.  Lucy's  painting.  The  lecture  was  delivered  in  Pembroke-place  chapel,  and  was  principally  designed  for  the  instruction  of  the  children  connected  with  the  schools  attached  to  it.  S  Taal  persons,  howeVer,  attended  besides  those  for  whose  improvement  the  occasion  was  chosen.  The  rev.  gentleman  described  in  plain  and  simple  terms  adapted  to  the  com comprehension  prehension comprehension  of  those  he  desired  to  instruct,  the  cause  of  the  departure  of  the  Pilgrim  Fathers,  and  the  events  which  followed  the  landing  of  the  Mayflower  at  the  shore  where  they  raised  a  new  home.  He  pointed  out  the  different  individuals  constituting  the  group  of  the  painting,  and  explained  the  part  which  each  bore  in  the  remarkable  event  it  seems  to  illustrate.  It  is  only  moderate  praise  to  say  that  although  the  reverend  gentleman  did  not  endeavour  to  depart  from  the  purely  instructive  nature  of  his  subject,  as  designed  for  the  improvement  of  children,  his  discourse  was  listened  to  with  much  interest,  and  contained  many  points  from  which  intellectual  advantages  were  derived  even  by  those  to  whom  the  incidents  of  the  event  were  already  perfectly  familiar.  -  FATAL  ACCIDENT  AT  THE  PORTLAND  BREAKWATER.—A  shocking  accident  happened  on  Monday  at  the  works  of  the  breakwater  of  the  harbour  of  refuge  now  forming  off  here,  by  the  giving  way  of  the  timber  viaduct  supporting  the  rail railway.  way. railway.  •  About  eleven  o'clock,  a  train,  consisting  of  a  loco locomotive,  motive, locomotive,  tender,  and  four  waggons,  the  latter  filled  with  stone,  was  proceeding  along  at  a  moderate  pace,  when  sud suddenly  denly suddenly  the  driver  noticed  an  alarming  oscillation  of  the  via viaduct,  duct, viaduct,  and,  looking  in  front,  observed  that  some  of  the  tim timbers  bers timbers  had  given  way.  He  instantly  shut  off  his  steam,  but  finding  that  an  accident  was  inevitable,  he  and  his  stoker  sprang  off  the  engine  into  the  sea,  and  thus  escaped;  but  in  a  moment  or  two  afterwards  the  train  reached  the  point  tis  - STYLE=superscript  ddisrEtia‘dust  breaksmen,iv  t STYLE=superscript  iOP  precipitated  into  the  sea.  Te  two  breaksmen  were  not  seen  afterwards,  which  has  led  to  an  inference  that  they  were  crushed  to  death  between  the  waggons.  As  soon  as  possible,  the  - STYLE=superscript  sunerintendent  pf  the  works  caused  several  divers  to  0  (town  about  the  spot,  ana  searen  for  me  Domes  An  Lae  tinny— tinnytunate  tunate tinnytunate  fellows,  but  up  to  Monday  evening  their  efforts  had  not  been  successful.  THE  SOUTH  AMERICAN  STEAMER  44 STYLE=superscript  TESTI  TESTIMONIAL  MONIAL  TESTIMONIAL  TO  CAPTAIN  HAnala.—The  screw  steamer  Olinda,  which  left  this  port  on  the  24th  September,  after  expe experiencing  riencing experiencing  considerable  detention  at  Lisbon  and  St.  Vincent,  reached  Pernambuco  on  the  18th  of  October,  and  Bahia  on  the  20th.  Captain  Haram  received  the  following  gratifying  testimonial  from  the  passengers  on  board  On  board  the  Olinda,  off  Pernambuco,  18th  October,  1853.  My  dear  Sir,  —We  are  now  about  parting,  and  I  cannot  leave  without  expressing  to  you  my  heartfelt  thanks  for  your  uniform  kindness  to  me,  and  gentlemanly  attention  during  my  voy voyage  age voyage  from  Liverpool.  I  might  go  further,  although  I  fear  it  may  be  considered  presumption  on  my  part  to  give  an  opin opinion  ion opinion  thereon,  and  say,  that  your  prudence  in  the  anxious  dif difficulty  ficulty difficulty  you  experienced  in  dense  fog  on  our  arrival  off  Lis Lisbon,  bon, Lisbon,  and  your  correct  navigation  of  the  ship  during  the  voy voyage,  age, voyage,  is  above  all  praise  ;  and  I  am  sure  that  I  am  correct  when  I  assure  you  that  every  passenger  on  board  coincides  with  me  in  the  feeling  which  I  have  taken  the  liberty  to  express  in  this  manner.  I  may  further  add,  that  the  vessel  you  command  has,  as  far  as  I  understand  such  matters,  behaved  remarkably  well  in  fair  weather  and  in  foul,  and  that  I  hope  your  good  self,  and  the  worthy  officers  whose  companion companionship  ship companionship  I  have  enjoyed  in  our  short  passage,  may  ever  enjoy  health  and  happiness  ;  being  ever,  my  dear  sir,  yours  most  sincerely,  WILLIAM  cordially  agree  with  Mr.  Wilson  in  the  Signed  on  behalf  of  the  passengers,  FRANCEDE  PAULA  DEAS  FERNANDES,  M.  A.  PATCHATT,  THOMAS  WIATT,  &amp;C.,  &amp;C.  THE  REPORTED  ARRIYAL  OP  THE  INDIAN  QUEEN,  AND  THE  LONDON  MORNING  J  OURN  ALS.  —On  Monday  after afternoon,  noon, afternoon,  the  electric  telegraph  announced  in  London,  by  mistake,  that  the  Indian  Queen,  from  Australia,  had  arrived  in  the  Mersey.  It  would  seem  that  the  information  caused  much  excitement  in  the  city,  and  not  the  least  amusing  part  of  the  business  was  the  activity  imparted  to  the  gentlemen  connected  with  the  morning  papers.  Our  London  corsapondent,  writing  on  Tuesday  night,  says  :—So  eagerly  s  everything  from  Australia  watched  and  grasped  at,  that  the  London  journals  of  to-day  have  fallen  into  a  rather  curious  error.  Yesterday  afternoon,  the  arrival  of  the  Indian  Queen  at  Liverpool  was  telegraphed,  and  so  ready  are  the  daily  journalists  to  jump  at  con conclusions,  clusions, conclusions,  that  it  was  immediately  assumed  that  she  was  the  expected  vessel  from  Port  Philip,  and  the  city  writers  wrote  flourishingly  of  her  rapid  passage  out,  and  home,  of  her  bringing  £300,000  worth  of  gold,  and  the  effects  this  large  arrival  of  Australian  gold  had  upon  the  funds  and  the  money  market,  &amp;c.  The  Morning  Chronicle  writer'  was  particularly  unfortunate  in  his  assumptions,  and  great  was  the  chagrin  of  the  jounalists  to  find  that  the  Indian  Queen  reported,  was  a  vessel  from  Barbadoes  and  not  the  celebrated  sister  to  the  Marco  Polo.  As  the  Indian  Queen  was  advertised  in  the  Melbourne  papers  to  leave  on  the  23rd  August,  she  would  probably  get  away  by  the  end  of  the  month,  and  may  be  daily  looked  for.  Sailing,  however,  so  soon  after  the  steamer  Argo,  she  can  hardly  be  expected  to  bring  much  gold.  THE  FASTEST  VOYAGE  TO  CHINA  AND  BACK.—  The  clipper  ship  Chrysolite,  which  arrived  in  the  Mersey  yes yesterday  terday yesterday  from  China,  has  accomplished  the  fastest  passage  on  record,  from  England  to  China  and  back,  She  left  this  port  April  16th,  and  has,  therefore,  only  occupied  seven  months  to  a  day  out  and  home  again.  The  Chrysolite  left  Hong  Kong  on  the  Ist  of  August  and  passed  Anjer  on  Sept.  Ist,  rather  a  long  run.  From  there  she  made  an  excellent  run  to  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope,  which  she  reached  on  28th  of  Sept.,  made  her  number  off  St.  Helena,  (but  did  not  call  there)  Oct.  7th,  passed  Ascension,  Oct.  17th,  and  made  the  Western  Isles  Nov.  2nd.  From  that  date  to  the  sth  she  encountered  very  strong  gales  from  north  to  north-north north-northwest,  west, north-northwest,  accompanied  by  a  tremendous  sea.  She  had  her  deck  swept  repeatedly,  and  had  her  paint  house  ando  ther  erections  washed  away.  The  first  land  sighted  by  the  Chrysolite  was  Mine-Head  Light,  on  the  south  east  coast  of  Ireland  on  Sunday  last,  since  which  she  has  had  to  contend  against  unfavourable  winds  in  making  her  way  up  channel.  The  Chrysolite  has  had  to  contend  against  a  celebrated  London  clipper,  the  Cairngorm,  commanded  by  Captain  Robertson,  which  beat  her  several  days  on  the  way  out.  The  Cairngrom  left  Hone  (gong  afterthe  Chrysolite  and  beat  her  three  days  toAiljer,  which  she  passed  the  day  after  the  latter,  but  has  not  srice  been  heard  of,  so  that  the  Chrysolite  has  redeemed  her  laurels.  The  greatest  number  of  miles  logged  in  one  day  by  the  Chrysolite  on  her  passage  out  was  278,  and  coming  home  290  ;  so  presevering  and  determined  to  make  a  good  passage  was  Capt.  Enright,  that  we  understand  he  has  not  slept  in  bed  since  leaving  China,  until  getting  a  Liverpool  plot  on  board.  The  Chrysolite  is  the  property  of  Messrs.  Taylor,  Potter,  and  Co.,  and  last  year  she  beat  everything  from  China,  bringing  the  first  new  season  teas.  This  time  her  cargo  consists  of  teas  and  silk.  She  reports  passing  on  the  28th  Sept.  in  lat.  35  7  south,  long.  19.  28  east,  the  Bassorah  Merchant  from  Bombay  to  London;  Nov.  8,  th  2  City  of  Manchester  in  lat.  44,  31  north,  long.  17-21  west,  and  Nov,  13th  the  Consort  15  miles  west  of  Mizen-Head.  The  Chrysolite  is  lying  in  the  Prince's  dock.  LIVERPOOL  MARKETS.—YESTERDAY  Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  .I)  it  SUGAR  has  again  been  taken  to  a  fair  kit  0  tie..  ~'  day  consisting  of  1,500  bags  Benares,  a  to-6,  d  -- STYLE=superscript  6ii  : STYLE=superscript  tll STYLE=superscript  dt  o  1,400  bags  _  Dates,  'at  33s  ;  660  cases  larae.  'ilk.bl  . STYLE=superscript  li  4i  '  -  '1  i  . STYLE=superscript  1  1‘,,  -'-,  Bahia  and  Macao,  'at  17s  6d  for  very  tyaer  v.  .  ,  '  for  good,  and  at  22s  6d  to  23s  1  cwt  forighttp  .;.•-  ~  -.--  il  7d  .wrilf  .  No  sales  have  transpired  in  Molasses,%tibt  g  4  .  ,  •':•\.  -  t'S  Rica.-4,000  bags  .  Bengal  have  been  at  ';'  is  4`  ';VV::,-  ,:.'  --e.)  . STYLE=superscript  4...4  5,000  bags  Moulmein,  at  14s;  and  45G-4)  v,,  A  -  13s  71  ti/  cwt,  all  to  arrive.  /...+  %.,_,  t-`'  , STYLE=superscript  2  1%  .  •  :  .  4  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  ;51  tz  Five  hundred  bags  Saltpetre  are  reported  at  28s/amlaiazi  is?  cwt,  5  to  81  1)  cent.  refraction.  TEA.—A  large  business  is  reported  to-day  at  improving  prices,  common  sound  congou  is  quoted  at  is  lid  to  is  2d  tt,  lb.  At  the  auction  to-day  comparatively  little  business  was  effected—the  Argols  and  Tartars  being  all  bought  in,  with  the  exception  of  a  few  casks  of  the  former  which  brought  93s  for  white;  24  bales  fine  Persian  Berries  went  at  £3  12s  6d  ;  150  bags  French  Sumac,  all  faults,  at  Ss  9d  to  9s  ;  50  bags  repacked  Myrabolams,  at  8s  6d  1,9  cwt  ;  20  chests  Bengal  Indigo,  chiefly  at  3s  9d  to  4s  8d  ;  2  cwt  India  Rubber,  at  97  1 STYLE=superscript  ,d  If?  lb  ;  and  30  tons  common  Fustic,  at  £6  17s  Gd  tan.  Corm:N.—Since  Monday  we  have  had  a  continued  quiet  market,  but  prices  are  nevertheless  firm,  a  t  the  full  quota quotations  tions quotations  of  Friday  last.  The  sales  to-day  are  5,000  bales,  1,000  having  been  taken  on  speculation  and  for  export."
