text
"TO  CORRESPONDENTS.  To  OUR  READERS.—We  are  sorry  that  in  the  hurry  of  going  to  press  yesterday  morning,  a  transposition  occurred  in  the  arrangement  of  the  report  of  Mr.  Noel's  speech  ;  and  that  the  error  had  not  been  detected  in  time  to  re remedy  medy remedy  it.  The  letters  of  Mr.  H.  C.  Langton,  and  of  on  the  imports  and  exports  of  Bullion,  have  been  received,  and  will  appear  on  Monday.  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer;  not  necessarily  for  publication,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  WILMER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  ,P.Brfljtrit  Ritil  Matto.  SATURDAY,  NOVEMBER  26,  1853.  THE  annexation  of  the  Sandwich  Islands  to  the  United  States,  is  an  event  which  cannot  fail  to  pro produce,  duce, produce,  a  season  of  bitter  recrimination  in  both  Houses  of  the  American  Parliament,  and  no  small  discussion  in  the  diplomatic  circles  of  Europe.  Already  the  London  Standard  directs  the  attention  of  its  readers  to  the  importance  of  the  official  dis dispatches  patches dispatches  which  appeared  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  of  Thursday.  The  history  of  annexation,  whether  European  or  American,  does  not,  we  must  confess,  redound  much  to  the  honour  or  humanity  of  the  great  aggregationists,  The  inroads  of  civilised  nations  upon  the  rights  and  sovereignties  of  the  aboriginal  peoples,  have  been  marked  in  all  ages  by  a  degree  of  ferocity  which  brands  the  professional  civiliser  with  all  the  worst  crimes  of  the  savage.  In  every  direction  we  turn,  we  find  the  aboriginal  tribes  of  distant  countries  plundered  and  prostrated  deeper  and  deeper  in  the  abyss  of  darkness  and  of  slavery,  than  they  ever  were  before.  How  to  govern  the  Hindoo  -Low  to  treat)  with  the  Tartar  —on  what  terms  to  negOciate  with  the  Mogul—in  what  language  to  lead  the  African  negro—and  in  what  way  to  guide  and  to  define  the  actual  rights  of  the  civilised  nations,  appear  to  be  in  as  much  obscurity  as  it  was  one  thousand  years  before  men  wrote  or  the  Messiah  preached.  The  annexation  of  Indian  sovereignties  to  Eng;  land,  has  produced  bloodshed  and  miseries  on  both  sides,  which  are  too  appalling  to  relate.  The  annexation  of  Algeria  to  France  has  proved  no  less  terrible  in  its  consequences  for  the  hopeless  Algerine;  and  the  annexation  of  Texas  to  the  United  States,  brought  massacre  upon  massacre  on  the  Indian  tribes,  while  it  extended  and  per perpetuated  petuated perpetuated  the  horrors  of  African  slavery  on  a  soil  where  it  had  been  for  ever  forbidden.  Here,  then,  the  common  interests  of  humanity  forbid  the  pro progress  gress progress  of  annexation.  At  some  period  of  human  history,  a  limit  must  be  set  to  the  aggregation  of  nationalities,  and  this  may  prove  the  period  best  suited  for  the  enforcement  of  some  intelligible  in international  ternational international  understanding  on  the  subject.  Here  again  we  have  the  utmost  urgency  exist existing  ing existing  for  the  close  alliance  and  active  co-operation  of  the  Liberal  Constitutionalists  of  Europe,  and  the  enlightened  and  anti-abomination  section  of  the  American  people.  An  annexation  south  of  MADI MADIsoN's  soN's MADIsoN's  line  is  a  signal  for  The  abolitionists  of  the  States  to  prepare  for  the  defence  of  the  indepen independence  dence independence  of  the  Sandwich  Islands.  They  look  more  closely  to  the  statistics  of  humanity  as  the  basis  of  a  proud  nationality,  than  the  despotic  princes  of  Europe  or  the  pro-slavery  advocates  of  the  Ame  rican  Union.  Mr.  LUTHER  SEVERANCE,  the  United  States  Commissioner,  approaches  the  question  of  annexation  with  great  tact  and  plausibility  ;  but  the  antecedents  of  annexation  have  fortunately  gone  before  his  able  exposition  of  the  law  of  na nations.  tions. nations.  The  protest  of  the  British  and  French  Consuls  is  explanatory  and  concise.  They  begin  by  informing  the  King,  KAMEHAIIIA,  that  they  have  heard  of  the  extraordinary  course  adopted  by  some  American  merchants,  landed  proprietors,  and  other  citizens  connected  with  the  Protestant  missionaries  residing  on  Oahu,  with  a  view  to  in induce  duce induce  his  Majesty  to  alienate  his  sovereignty  and  the  independence  of  his  territories,  by  an  imme immediate  diate immediate  negociation  for  annexation  to  the  United  States;  and  that  they  were  aware  also  of  the  coun countenance  tenance countenance  and  support  that  a  memorial  which  those  gentlemen  had  addressed  to  his  Majesty  to  that  effect,  had  received  from  high  official  functionaries  at  Honolulu,  all  of  which  proceedings  had  caused  considerable  excitement  among  the  French  and  British  residents.  In  this  portion  of  the  Protest  of  the  representatives  of  England  ant  France,  we  see  strong  grounds  for  maintaining  the  indepen.  deuce  of  the  Sandwich  Islands.  In  the  christiani  sation  of  the  people  of  Eastern  Asia,  England  has  quite  as  much  interest  as  she  has  in  the  conversion  of  the  people  in  the  Western  portions  of  that  con continent;  tinent; continent;  and  it  is  a  matter  of  the  first  importance  td  have  a  free  and  independent  State  in  the  Southern  Pacific,  as  the  basis  of  our  missionary  labours  among  the  Asiatic  nations.  In  addition  to  this  strong  ground  of  opposition  on  the  part  of  England  to  this  annexation  pro_  ject,  the  protest  points  out  with  great  force,  that  Great  Britain  and  France  have  entered  into  solemn  treaties  with  the  Sandwich  Islands,  by  which  the  king,  his  heirs,  and  successors,  are  bound  to  extend  at  all  times  to  French  and  British  subjects  the  same  advantages  and  privileges  as  may  be  granted  to  subjects  or  citizens  of  the  most  favoured  nations;  and  that  the  joint  declaration  of  England  and  France,  of  the  28th  ITovember  , STYLE=superscript  J  843;  was  founded  upon  the  clear  understanding  that  KAMEHAMA  was  to  preserve  his  kingdom  as  an  independent  State.  -  •  •  On  the  strength  of  these  treaties  and  the  con-"
