text
"his  person  and  demands  give  credence  either  to  this,  or  one-half  the  rumours  Of  course  we  cannot  which  are  now  being  so  industriously  circulated.  It  appears  that  the  Olmutz  proposition  has  been  rejected  by  the  Western  Powers,  and  a  new  note  that  is  to  be  projected,  but  that  the  friendly  nego-  ciation  of  Prussia  will  not  be  sought  The.  following  is  the  conditional  clause  appended  to  the  Declaration  of  War,  signed  by  the  Porte  :  hostilities  will  not  be  opened  ex excepting  cepting excepting  in  the  case  that  the  Russian  troops  shall  not  have  evacuated  the  Principalities  within  the  delay  determined  (Four  weeks.)  The  Sultan  evidently  is  preparing  for  the  worst.  The  latest  information  is,  that  frigates  laden  with  troops  had  been  sent  off  for  Beyrouth.  The  Emperor  of  Russia  left  Warsaw  for  St.  Petersburg,  on  the  9th  inst,  A  Cabinet  Council  was  held  yesterday;  but  tip  to  the  time  of  going  to  press  no  intelligence  re respecting  specting respecting  its  proceedings  had  arrived.  THE  Manchester  City  Council  are  busily  occupied  in  making  suitable  preparations  for  'the  reception  of  the  Right  Hon.  W.  GLADSTONE,  whose  visit  to  that  city  will  take  place  on  to-morrow.  A  special  meeting  of  the  council  was  held  yesterday  for  the  Purpose  of  considering  the  propriety  of  presenting  au,Address  to  the  Right  Hon.  Gentleman,  at.  which  the  Mayor  presided,  and  some  very  complimentary  speeches  were  delivered  on  the  occasion,  which  reflect  credit  on  the  speakers  as  well  as  upon  the  distinguished  object  of  their  eulogiums.  There  can  be  no  doubt  but  that  the  citizens  of  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  know  how  to  appreciate  the  extensive  bene benefits  fits benefits  conferred  upon  manufacturing  and  commercial  interests,  and  indeed,  the  nation  at  large,  by  the  suc successful  cessful successful  and  wise  schemes  carried  mainly  by  the  ex extraordinary  traordinary extraordinary  ability  and  perseverance  of  our  eminent  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer.  The  abolition  of  the  soap  and  -  advertisement  duties  alone,  are  two  of  the  greatest  boons  which  could  well  be  bestowed  upon  the  people.  For  ourselves,  we  see  in  them  the  earnest  of  future  benefits,  and  hopefully  accept  them  as  an  instalment,  out  of  the  many,  which  each  successive  Budget  will,  we  have  uo  doubt  0911  fer.  We  congratulate  the  people  of  Manchester  upon  the  privilege  about  to  be  afforded  them,  and  feel  assured,  that  nothing  will  be  left  unaccomplished  on'  their  part,  to  render'  Mr.  GLADSTONE'S  stay  amongst  them  both  agreeable•to  ihd  Hon.  Gentle Gentleman  man Gentleman  and  profitable  to  themselves.  THE  recent  meeting  of  the  Tenant  Right  Con Conference  ference Conference  is  another  re-enactment  of  a  le  gal  attempt  to  revive  a  sort  of  Irish  parliament.  And  we  have  looked  carefully  into  its  proceedings;-  with  :a  view  to  discover  .some  'substantive  facts  on  which  we  could  grmind  a  hope  of  success  for  the  Irish  tenant tenantfarmers'  farmers' tenantfarmers'  cause,  or  obtain  a  gleam  of  light  as  to  the  real  social  condition  . STYLE=superscript  of  Ireland,  and  the  :actual  wants  of  her  wretched  people.  In  this,  we  cannot.  sayrwe  have  'been  wholly  disappointed,  as'  we  axe  told  par  exenzple  that  the  reform  in  the  law  of  landlord  and  tenant  is  progressing  despite  all  opposition;  and  that  the  right  of  the  Tenant  Farmer  to  the  full  value  of  all  the  improveMents  he  may  have  effected  by  either  his  skill  or  capital,  is  certain  to  become  law.  This  is  cheering,  but  what  is  still  more  satisfactory,  we  are  told  that  there  were  nearly  FOUR  MILLIONS  of  capital  belonging  to  the  freize-coated  farmers  of  Ireland,  lying  dormant  and  unappropriated  in  the  banks,  waiting.  for  the  passing  of  a  just  measure  of  Tenant  Right,  when  it  would  be  re-invested  in  the  This  information  is  highly  gratifying.  It  is  also  important.  It  shows  us  the  character  and  impor  ,tance  of  that  particular  class  which  - STYLE=superscript  the  Leaguers  represent,  both  in  and  out  of  parliament.  That  this  particular  class  have  experienced.  many-heavy  blows  and  great.discouragements  is  'quite  certain  ;  and  that  they  'have  -  survived  them,  and  have  something  to'  show  after  all  their  struggles,  i  s  equally  unquestionable.  That  the  Leaguers  should  take'  up  the  cause  of  the  ioun  MILLION  class  is  easily  accounted  for  and  justified.  For  any  real  good  accomplished  for  humanity,  every  liberal  mind  must  feel  grateful.  But  there  is  a  limit  to  gratitude,  and  beyond  the'  actual  good,  done  in  political  contests,  no  further-  claim  can  be  urged.  And  if  the  .  Tenant  Leaguers  confined  their  claims  to  popular  support'simply  to  the  FOUR  MIL MILLION  LION MILLION  school  that  they  represent,  we  should  not  be  disposed  to  dispute  their  claim:  But  when  they  call  themselves  the  Irish  .  National  we  call  on  them  to  show  us  on  the  archives  of  the  League  the  record  of  a  speech,  a  resolution  or  an  act  in  favour  of  the  millions  of  wretched  Irish  la labourers  bourers labourers  and  artisans  whose  famine-paid  toil  and  woeful  desolation,  the  four  millions  now  lying  dor dormant  mant dormant  in  the  Irish  banks  so  cogently  represent.  This  age  is,  sick  of  all  displays  of  wisdom  with without  out without  virtue  s  and  patriots  without  sincerity.  These  are  scourges  tenfold  more  disastrous  in  their  con consequences  sequences consequences  than  the  march  of  legions  of  Croats,  or  a  million  of  Cossacks.  Nations  prostrated  by  the.  sword  have  invariably  riseri  again  to  greatness  and  to  glory  ;  but  a  people  who  are  the  victims  of  de deceit  ceit deceit  and  the  tools  of  knavery  soon  become  basely  corrupt  and  fearfully  corruptible.  We  will  not  use  this  moral  to  adorn  any  particular  passage  in  Irish  history;  but  we  return  to  the  Conference,  and  here  we  find  a  numerous  assembly  of  highly  respect respectable  able respectable  gentlemen,  advocating  the  parliamentary  in influence,  fluence, influence,  and  surrounded  by  the  parliamentary  constituency  of  the  country  ;  but  Where  was  the  giant  constituency  of  Ireland's  hunger  and  naked nakedness.  ness. nakedness.  They  were  not  represented  by  the  Leaguers  at  the  Conference.  The  mouldering  millions  in  the  banker's  coffers  were  the  only  repreaentatives  brought  :  forward  on  behalf  of  the  people!s  industry  .  and  :the  rights  of  Irish  labourers  to  some  consideration.  The  quack  Who.  has  but  one  recipe  for  all  the  pains  that  flesh  is  , STYLE=superscript  heir  fo;  is  most  puzzled  when  called  upon  to  define  more  than  one  disease,  and  to  prescribe  for  a  complication  of  .Com .Complaints..  plaints.. .Complaints..  For  the  multitude  of  pains  he  has  but  one  remedy,  and  so  it'  is  with  the  League.  The  Tenant  Farmers  have  been  fleeced  by  their  land 'landlords,'  is  the  Leaguers'  motto,  and  until  their  com complaint  plaint complaint  is  perfectly  cured  all  other  sufferers'  must  wait,  for  as  soon  as  the  farmer  recovers,  the  agricul agricultural  tural agricultural  labourer  and  artisan  will  be  restored  to  a  healthy  state,  and  may  be  able  to  take  an  extra  meal  a-day.  This  Homcepathic  system  of  dealing  with  great  organic  wrongs  and  injuries,  we  confess  not  to  understand.  Ireland's  great  and  prevailing  want  is  a  remunerative  market  for  her  labour—increased  sources  for  the  employment  of  the  dormant  capital  of  the  farmer  - STYLE=superscript  ,  and  mare  punctual  payment  of  rent  to  the  landlord.  Here  we  have  the  three  great  interests  involved  in  the  Irish  land  question  in  their  proper  order.  Labour  'first,  capital  second,  income  third.  When  taken  iri  .  this  Way  we  have  to  deal  with  repletion.  A  labour  market  overflowing  with  idle  hands—the  farmers  with  a  vast  accumu accumulation  lation accumulation  of  dormthlt  capital,  and  the  _landlords  with  millions  of  arrears  of  rents  to  be  realized.  The  only  member  of  the  League  who  appears  to  look  beyond  the  crying  wants  of  the  farmers  for  protection,  is  Mn.  LUCAS.  He  tells  us  of  a  variety  of  things  which  are  done  in  other  countries,  and  he  mentions  a  multitude  of  pursuits,  by  which  the  people  might  better  their  condition  if  they  knew  how,  and  he  would  have  them  instructed.  has  already  been  tried,  but  with  very  partial  suc-  The  people  seem  most  determinedly  opposed  to  employing  their  time  in  new  pursuits,  while  they  are  prohibited  from'  follOWing  those  which  they  understand,  and  know  to  be  remunerative.  Surely  Mr.  Lucas  is  aware  •of  .what  the  prohibi prohibitions  tions prohibitions  onthe  employment  of  Mbour,  the  use  of  eapi-  tal,  and  the  payments  of  rents,  really  are  in  Ire-  land.  Has  it  never  occurred  to  him  that  the  Chan-  cellor  of  the  Exchequer  was  the  Goliah  whose  shadow  throws  a  sickening  gloom  over  Ireland's  industry  ,  and  that  where  such  mortals  reign,  there  never  can  be  the  Utopia  of  which  the  League  talks  so  largely.  Remove  -  the  prohibitions  directed  against  the  cultivation  of  the  soil,  .and  the  legitimate  manu-  facture  by  the  farmer  of  the  crops  he  farms,  and  then  Ireland  will  have  a  Tenant  Right  such  as  con-  tinental  Europe  enjoys;  and  until  the  Tenant  Farmer  has  that  right,  all  reforms  in  the  law-  will  be  no  more  than  so  much  waste  paper  THE  decision  at  ,  which  the  Council  arrived  on  Wednesday  •  commits  the  town  of  Liverpool  to  a  comprehensive  •  scheme  of  improvements,  which  has  been  - STYLE=superscript  long  -  required,  and  the  neglect  Of  which  for  . STYLE=superscript  so  many  years,  has  been  a  standing  reproach  to  our  municipal  .body.  We  hope  that  the  proposed  high-level  bridge  in  Dale-Street  has  received  its  quietns,  and,that.We  - STYLE=superscript  alma  bear  AO  more  of  it;  •  but  the  tone  assumed  .  by.  several  members.  of  the  Council,  on  Wednesday,  renders  it  pOssible  that  the  obnoxious  measure  may  be  again  brought  for forward,  ward, forward,  notwithstanding  that  a  majority  of  thirty-five  to  eleven  condemned  the  proposal.  Seeing  that  no  instructions  whatever  were  given  to  the  Improve Improvement  ment Improvement  Committee  respecting  Dale  -street  and  Shaw's  Brow,  and  apprehensive  that  a  further  attempt  to  carry  the  high-level  scheme  is  by'  no  means  impro--  bable,  we  think  it  of  the  utmost  importance  that  the  public  should  have  placed  before  them,  in  the:  strongest  possible  light,  the  grave  objections  which  may  be  adduced  against  it.  It  is  significant  of  a  further  agitation  of  the  question,  when  we  find  such  :  gentlemen  as  Mr.  JAMES  HOLISIE,  117  r.  PICTON,  and  the  iiresent.MAYOß  supporting:the  scheme,  as  they  ro  did  in  the  Coiincin  Wednesday  lasi.  We  cer certainly  tainly certainly  must  say  that  we  are  not  by  any  means  pre-"
