text
"FURTHER  PARTICULARS  There  seems  little  reason  now  to  doubt  that  •  Turkey  has  acceded  to  the  new  project  of  the  four  Powers  for  bringing  abbut  an  accommodation  of  the  Eastern  embroglio.  What  itussia  will  do  re remains  mains remains  to  be  seen,  as  also  the  steps  if  any,  the  Powers  are  'prepared  to  take  in  case  Russia  should  refuse,  whether  their  action  will  be  joint,  or  whe whether  ther whether  France  and  England  will  not  again  be  left  alone..  It  was  announced  some  days  since  that  instructions  had  been  sent  out,  the  effect  of  which  would  probably  be  the  entrance  of  the  fleets  into  the  Black  Sea,  and  we  now  learn  from  Paris  that  good  understanding  between  the  English  and  French  governments  has  been  further  cemented  by,  a  very  important  act.  In  vi  r  tue  of  the  li  ne  o  f  policy  agreed  to  between  the  two  governments,  a  draft  was  sent  to  Luadon  on  Saturday  last  of  a  de declaration  claration declaration  to  be  drawn  up  by  the  two  governments,  and  communicated  to  Russia  in  their  joint  names.  In  that  declaration  it  is  intimated  that  France  and  England  will  not  permit  Russia  and  Turkey  to  /flake  war  against  each  other  in  the  Black  Sea,  and  that  they  accordingly  interdict  them  from  doing  There  can  be  no  doubt  but  that  Turkey  will  be  de delighted  lighted delighted  with  an  arrangement_which  will  render  the  Russian-  fleet  innexious;  but  will  Russia  take  it  easily  ?  •  The.  Count  Pourtales,  some  time  Prussian  minis minister  ter minister  at  Constantinople,•  has  arrived  here  on  a  spe special  cial special  mission  relative  to  the  Eastern  - STYLE=superscript  question,  from  Which  it  is  not  unreasonable  to  hope  a  closer  union  'and  more  identical  policy  betwen  Prussia  and  •  France  and  England  may  result.  If  the  following  announcement,  which  appeared  in  a  London  journal.  yesterday  evening,  be  true,  there  seems  little  reason  to  suppose  that  Russia  '  will  agree  to  anything  except  War  to  the  The  announcement  is  as  follows  :  VIENNA,  WEDNESDAY.—Letters  from  Constanti Constantinople  nople Constantinople  of  the  16th  instant;  mention  an  attempt  . STYLE=superscript  ef  the  Russians  to  set  fire  to  the  allied  fleet  at  the  entrance  of  the  Bosphorus.  A  fireship  was  sent,  but-  it  was  seen  .from  the  forts,  and  stopped  by  their  artillery.  A  statement  such  as  this.  ;which  is  as,  yet  unconfirmed  by  Constantinople  let letters  ters letters  of  the  same  date,  must  be  received  with  theut theutraost•caution.  raost•caution. theutraost•caution.  Another  dispatch  in  the  same  journal,  from  occasional  correspondent  at  says  :  Dudley  Stuart  has  preceded  us  to  Con Conetantinople;  etantinople; Conetantinople;  on  board  the  Liverpool  screw  steamer.  It  is  said  that  his  lordship's  intention  in  visit visiting  ing visiting  Constantinople  is  to  persuade  the  Sultan  to  accept  the  services  of  the  Polish  refugees,  it  being  believed  that  a:  general  desertion  .of  Poles  serving  in:  Russian  regiments  would  take  place  if  they  Were  sure  of  being  received  in  a  corps  of  their  Own  countrymen  on  entering  the  Turkish  terri territory,  tory, territory,  It  is  -  also  reported  that  his  lordship  advo advocates  cates advocates  a  level:  of  the  Christian  subjects  of  the  Porte,  a  step  which  would  certainly  settle  the  question  as  to  the  Russian  or.  Turkish  leaning  of  the  Rayahs.  besertion  to  the  Russians.from  such  a  corps  would  terbap  s  b  e  as  f  reque  nt  as  Polish  desertions  f  rom  lissian  PR  USSIA.  •  Letters  from  Berlin  of  the  25 STYLE=superscript  th  December,  state  that  ti  le  question  has  been  mooted  in  the  Cham ChambeM}other  beM}other ChambeM}other STYLE=superscript  the  ambassadors  of  Prussia  and  Austria  should  not  be  blamed  for  having  been  pre present  sent present  at  the  Te  Deum  at  St.  Petersburg,  in  honor  of  the  of  Sinone.  The  idea  was,  however,  - STYLE=superscript  given  up.  The  Catholic  party  numbers  sixty  members  in  the  Second  Chamber,  where  it  exercises  a  very  great  influence  on  the  deliberations."
