text
"ITALY.  The  intrigues  of  the  clerical  and  retrogade  party  are  beginning  to  get  their  efforts  felt.  In  the  last  municipal  elections  several  names  belonging  to  that  party  issued  from  the  electoral  urn.  The  Li Liberals  berals Liberals  must  close  up  their  ranks  and  come  to  some  understanding  at  once,  if  they  have  had  any  desire  to  triumph  in  the  general  elections  of  1854.  A  letter  from  Florence  states  that  the  son  of  the  Duke  de  Cassigliano,  Minister  of  Foreign  Affairs,  is  about  to  marry  one  of  the  daughters  of  Queen  Maria-Christina,  and  that  the  marriage  is  to  take  place  at  Paris-  The  Moniteur  '  of  Tuscany,  merely  announces  that  Prince  Corsino,  Duke  de  Cassigliano,  has  obtained  leave  of  absence.  for  forty  days,  and  the,  Duke  Baldasseroni,  Presi President  dent President  of  the  council,  will  have  the  department  of  Foreign  affairs  ad  interim  during  his  absence,  PIEDMONT,  TURIN,  SEPT.  24  Yesterday  the  King  held  a  review  of  three  divi divisions  sions divisions  of  the  army  in  the  plain  of  Alexandria.  After  a  short  and  energetic  speech  which  the  Duke  of  Genoa  addressed  to  the  troops,  the  Camp  at  Marengo  was  br  ken  up,  RUSSIA.  ST.  PETERSBURG,  SEPT  17  The  Czar  and  the  Grand  Duke  Alexander,  heir  to  the  Crown,  arrived  at  Moscow  on  the  13th  inst.  WARSAW,  SEPT.  19,  The  Chancellor,  Count  Nesselrode,  and  Baron  Meyendorff,  the  Russian  Ambassador  at  Vienna,  b.ave  arrived  at  Warsaw.  THE  NORTHE  SPAIF'  The  new  Cabinet  met  on  the  20th,  and  its  first  act  was  to  order  the  seizure  of  two  journals,  the  Diario  17spiiizol  and  Tribuno.  They  afterwards  de deliberated  liberated deliberated  on  the  appointment  of  the  authorities  of  Madrid  and  of  several  high  functionaries  of  the  State,  General  Pezuela  was  spoken  of  as  Captain  General  of  that  capital;  and  M.  Zaragoza  as  its  political  chief.  The  Three  per  Cents.  were  done  at  431  ;  the  New  Three  per  Cents:  at  231;  the  Debt  of  the  First  Class,  at  10  340;  and  that  of  the  Second,  at  51.  THE  HON.  MRS.  NORTON'S  WRONGS  (FROM  THE  LEADER.)  Our  readers  have  had  a  week  to  reflect  upon  the  letter  of  Sir  John  Bailey,  and  they  will  probably  agree  with  us  in  thinking  that  the  statement  by  that  gentleman,  who  was  appointed  as  judge  be between  tween between  husband  and  wife  by  Mr.  Norton  himself,  is  conclusive.  Mrs.  Norton  has  declared  that  she  will  write  no  more,  and  Mr.  Norton,  we  anticipate,  could  not  benefit  his  case  by  adding  another  word  to  it.  We  will  treat  the  latest  letter  by  the  umpire  exactly  as  we  treated  the  letter  on  both  sides,  pre presuming  suming presuming  its  representations  to  be  true,  without  sup supposing  posing supposing  that  we  can  do  anything  to  add  lo  its  au authenthety  thenthety authenthety  or  credibility.  We  take  it  as  it  stands.  According  to  this  statement,  then,  Mr.  Norton  invited  counsel  to  give  him  an  and  sup supplied  plied supplied  that  counsel,  not  with  a  real  case,  but  with  a  series  of  invented  fables  which  he  had  strung  and  it  is  the  opinion  upon  these  fables  which  he  advanced  in  his  letters  to  Sir  John  Bailey's.  Mrs.  Norton  was  anxious  only  on  one  point—the  restoration  of  her  children  the  hus husband  band husband  was  anxious  only  about  the  pecuniary  part  of  the  arrangement,  and  obviously  making  the  love  of  the  mother  for  her  offspring  the  means  of  bar barter  ter barter  and  While  Mr.  Norton  made  undue  statements  of  his  wife's  expenses  and  extrava extravagancies,  gancies, extravagancies,  he  detained  her  wardrobe,  jewellery,  and  books.  She  offered  to  pay  her  own  bills,  kit  Mr.  Norton's  solicitor  replied  that  there  was  no  under undertaking  taking undertaking  that,  even  if  she  did  pay  her  bills,  her  pro property  perty property  should  be  returned  to  Mr.  Norton  confesses  to  gross  personal  violence  towards  his  wife—on  one  occasion  kicking  her  room  door  from  its  hinges,  and  dragging  her  out  by  force,  not  long  before  the  birth  of  her  youngest  son.  The  wife  was  reasonable  in  her  language  ,  and  desirous  to  be  at  peaee  with  her  children's  He  pro promised  mised promised  to  return  her  children,  and  at  his  counsel's  dictation  wrote  a  letter,  which  that  gentleman  posted,  Mr.  Noiton  being  enough  to  write  a  second  unknown  to  the  arbitrator,  to  forbid  the  coming  of  the  children,  and  come  they  did  Mr.  Norton  admitted  his  firm  belief  of  his  wife's  innocence  of  the  charge  he  had  brought  against  her  and  Lord  Melbourne,  and  then  adver advertised  tised advertised  it  in  the  papers  !  I  says  Sir,  John  Bailey,  certainly  changed  my  The  public  had  been  some somewhat  what somewhat  impressed  with  the  rights  of  the  husband,  and  the  confident  statement  put  forth  by  Mr.  Nor Norton;  ton; Norton;  but  the  public  will  henceforward  read  Mr.  Norton's  statement  by  the  light  of  Sir  John  Bai Bailey's  ley's Bailey's  commentaries.  What,  then,  do  we  find  to  be,  according  to  the  statement  of  the  judical  authority,  his  true  story  of  an  English  wife  ?  She  is  deprived  of  her  children,  and  falsely  accused  of  extravagance  by  her  husband,  who  withholds  her  property—even  her  personal  effects  ;  she  is  advertised  in  the  paper  by  her  husband,  who  confesses  her  Innocence  ;  she  is  subjected  to  personal  violence  by  her  husband  who  had  endearingly  besought  her  to  return;  and  ultimately,  when  he  is  made  answerable  for  the  debts  of  a  wife  who  he  has  persisted  to  hold  in  bondage,  he  permits  her  to  be  dragged  into  a  pub public  lic public  court,  and  meets  the  exposure  of  the  facts  by  a  reiteration  of  all  that  has  been  refuted  by  his  own  arbitrator.  The  simple  statement  of  this  case  is  enough  to  excite  indignation,  wherever  natural  feeling  has  not  been  stifled  by  the  custom  of  the  country.  But,  we  are  to  reflect  that,  this  case  had  in  it  something  peculiar.  Mrs.  Norton  is,  no  doubt,  a  woman  sharing  the  ordinary  feelin  g  of  her  sex,  and,  on  that  account  alone,  to  be  the  object  of  tenderness  and  honour.  But,  besides  that,  she  is  a  woman  endowed  with  many  gifts  of  nature,  which  point  her  out  as  peculiarly  calling  for  honour  from  any  man  upon  whom  she  bestowed  her  hand.  In  this  sense,  although  beauty  cannot  claim  to  have  rights  of  its  own,  yet  as  enhancing,  the  sacrifice,  it  might,  at  all  events,  have  consti constituted,  tuted, constituted,  with  other  reasons,  a  ground  why  she  should  have  been  received  to  the  heart  and  hearth  of  any  man  as  an  object  more  precious  than  an  ordinary  gift,  especially  when  she  had  united  herself  to  a  man  who  has  taken  the  pains  to  stamp  his  own  grade  before  the  public.  But,  besides  beauty,  Mrs.  Norton  is  also  endowed  with  the  rarer  charms  of  genius,  and  its  most  refined  accomplishments  ;  she  has  wedded  feeling  and  grace  to  the  English  language,  both  in  its  prose  and  verse  ;  and  has  a  reputation  far  transcending  the  bounds  of  her  native  country.  To  be  permitted  to  provide  a  home  for  one  of  the  most  distin distinguished  guished distinguished  living  intellectual  celebrities  of  a  country  renowned  in  letters  ;  to  be  chosen  as  the  companion  of  one  of  the  most  beautiful  women,  in  a  country  celebrated  for  its  beautiful  women,  might  have  ex extorted  torted extorted  a  sense  of  proud  gratitude  in  the  heart  of  any  man  fully  endowed  with  the  faculties  of  man's  nature.  Mr.  Norton,  it  appears,  did  not  acknw acknwledge  ledge acknwledge  any  such  sense.  The  woman  who  is  received  with  homage  in  the  highest  society  in  the  land,  who  is  honoured  by  the  whole  people,  was  by  him  sub subjected  jected subjected  to  a  shuffling  avoidance  of  promises,  to  the  correspondence,  to  charges  which  he  confessed  to  be  false,  to  advertisements  in  the  newspapers,  pointing  her  out  for  the  contempt  of  the  virtuous  and  the  discredit  of  the  commercial  world,  and  to  personal  violence.  _  .  .  And  yet,  we  have  a  right  to  say,  such  stories  are  discovered  in  good  society,  are  not  treated  as  in incredible,  credible, incredible,  not  as  unparalleled  monstrosities,  but  are  only  matters  of  debate  and  of  evidence,  like  any  ordinary  quarrel.  The  husband  in  this  case,  who  thus  treats  his  wife  and  judge,  is  still  himself  a  judge  of  summary  jurisdiction  in  cases  of  wife  and  husband  !  And  although  this  wrong  stands  fla flagrant  grant flagrant  before  the  public,  there  is,  it  appears,  no  law  which  can  procure  redress,  or  even  the  common  justice  of  independent  industry  for  the  woman,  although  that  woman  is  a  Caroline  Norton.  BURGLARY  AT  KNO  WSLEY,  THE  SEAT  OF  THE  EARL  OF  DERBY.  Yesterday  morning,  Knowsley  Hall,  the  seat  of  the  Right  Hon.  Earl  of  Derby,  was  burglariously  entered  and  several  valuable  articles  stolen  from  the  dressing  rooms  of  the  Earl  and  Countess.  It  would  appear  that  an  entrance  woe  fire+  offootod  by  the  burglars  through  the  ennlung  houao  window,  in  which  two  panes  of  glass  were  broken  to  permit  ingress.  On  getting  through  the  window,  however,  the  burglars  found  that  the  door  leading  to  the  hall  was  well  secured,  and  this  induced  them  to  retrace  their  steps  and  seek  another  means  of  entrance.  In  their  second  attempt,  they  were  far  more  successful,  having  gained  access  to  the  hall  by  means  of  a  window  which  had  been  left  unfastened,  opening  into  the  main  corridor  leading  to  Lord  and  Lady  Derby's  bed  and  dressing-rooms.  The  burglars  entered  his  lordship's  dressing-room,  and  stole  from  his  dressing-case  a  large  bunch  of  seals,  six  sovereigns,  the  silver  tops  of  the  various  articles  in  the  dressing  case,  and  a  variety  of  small  but  valuable  articles.  From  her  ladyship's  dressing-case  several  articles  were  also  stolen.  The  thieves  retired  with  their  booty,  without  causing  the  slightest  disturbance,  and  the  fact  of  the  hall  having  been  entered,  and  a  robbery  committed,  was  not  known  until  an  advanced  hour  in  the  morning.  On  the  discovery  of  the  robbery,  information  was  at  once  forwarded  to  the  Central  Police  Office,  and  detective  officers  Murphy  and  Sullivan  were  at  once  despatched  to  Knowsley.  After  a  very  minute  examination  of  the  pre premises,  mises, premises,  the  officers  returned  to  town  in  the  course  of  the  afternoon;  but,  we  believe,  as  yet  no  clue  has  been  got  to  the  perpetrators  of  the  robbery.  It  is  a  singular  circum circumstance  stance circumstance  connected  with  this  affair  that  there  were  large  quantities  of  silver  plate  lying  about  the  house,  not  an  article  of  which  was  touched.  THE  BONES  OF  PAGININI.—It  may  be  recollected  that  the  celebrated  violinist,  Paginini,  died  at  Nice  about  14  years  ago,  and  that  the  bishop  refused  to  allow  him  to  be  interred  in  the  consecrated  ground,  on  account  of  his  having  died  without  receiving  the  sacraments.  His  executors  had  the  body  removed  to  a  private  place,  and  commenced  legal  proceed proceedings.  ings. proceedings.  The  Court  of  Nice  having  decided  against  them,  they  applied  to  the  Archipiscopal  Court  of  Genoa,  which  reversed  the  judgment  of  the  lower  court,  and  ordered  the  remains  of  Paginini  to  be  interred  in  the  cemetry.  The  Episcopal  Court  of  Nice  appealed  against  this  decision  to  the  Court  of  Turin,  which  has  since  confirmed  it.  Now,  as  three  appeals  are  allowed  in  ecclesiastical  matters,  the  Court  of  Nice  has  appealed,  as  the  last  resort,  to  a  tribunal  of  judges  to  be  appointed  by  the  Holy  See,  and  there  the  matter  rests  for  the  present.  N  DAILY  TIME&amp;  Yesterday  Hall  Salford  Esq.,)  Mr  clay)  r  ield  in  t  very  nu  Alderman  Jenkingon,  w  HE  MUSEUM  AND  LIBRARY  Mr.  E.  11,  LANGW(  iom  th(  Museum  and  Library  Cora  Idopted  and  ordered  to  be  Council's  proceed  (Franl  It  is  with  pleasure  that  your  committee  r  couucil,  that  the  alterations  in  the  1  nearly  approachir  to  re-open  the  Library  and  Museum  to  the  p  turday  next,  Ist  October  ments  that  may  not  be  wholy  concluded  are  thos,  with  the  lighting"
