text
"general  attack  on  the  house  was  made  assembl,  the  magistrates  M  ean  -  at  the  police_  offic(  thL  Mayor  having  issued  circulars  to  each.  Several  lioi  per,  were  out  of  town.  and  Mr.  Cook  and  Mr.  By  1,  were  the  only  two  who  met  his  worship.  This  vas  about  half-past  seven.  The  police  force  was  then  austered,  and  Mr.  Byrom  and  Mr.  Cook  went  amongst  the  mob,  and  endeavoured  to  appease  them.  In  this,  Tr,  they  failed.  and  a  loud  cry  was  then  rais-  To  the  and  the  mob  accordingly  moved  a  that  direction.  Whilst  here,  Mr.  Cook  seized  A  lad  who  was  in  the  act  of  throwing  a  missile  through  the  hotel  window,  but  the  mob  speedily  res rescued  cued rescued  him,  and  Mr,  Cook,  seeing  how  affairs  were  turning,  went  back  to  the  police  station  to  the  Mayor.  'nd  told  him  that  the  Eagle  Hotel  would  be  destroyed  speedy  efforts  were  not  made  to  protect  it.  police  were  then  drawn  up,  and,  accompanied  by  some  special  constables,  the  whole  party  numbering  about  thirty  altogether,  .  and  headed  by  the  Mayor  and  the  two  magistrates  we  have  named,  proceeded  into  the  market-place  and  faced  the  mob.  The  crowd  received  them  with  a  volley  of  stones  and  large  pieces  of  wood,  and  being  thus  charged  by  the  mob,  the  whole  body  of  police  (except  two  or  three  who  rallied  round  the  Mayor,  Mr.  Cook,  and  Mr.  Byrom)  fled,  and  were  followed  by  volleys  of  stones.  The  Mayor  and  his  col colleagues.  leagues. colleagues.  being  thus  deserted,  were  compelled  to  retreat,  and  make  the  best  of  their.  way  to  the  railway  station,  whence  they  despatched  a  telegraphic  message  to  Preston  that  they  were  about  to  send  a  special  engine  to  Preston  for  soldiers.  The  havoc  at  the  Royal  Hotel,  Market-place,  was  at  this  time  progressing  most  fearfully,  and  the  conduct  of  the  mob  was  outrageous  in  the  extreme.  The  greater  part  of  the  mischief  seemed  to  be  caused  by  young  lads,  and  no  doubt  if  the  police  had  made  a  determined  stand  for  a  few  moments  at  the  first,  a  great  amount  of  the  sub subsequent  sequent subsequent  damage  might  have  been  prevented.  The  hotel,  as  far  as  all  the  rooms  on  the  ground  floor  were  concerned  were  completely  gutted,  and  all  the  windows  in  the  upper  part  of  the  house  were  broken.  To  describe  adequately,  the  wreck  which  the  house  presented  this  morning  would  be  im impossible.  possible. impossible.  The  windows  of  the  commercial  room,  fronting  the  Market-place,  were  smashed,  and  the  frame  torn  out.  The  mirror  over  the  mantel-piece  was  broken  in  a  thousand  pieces,  and  picture-frames  and  glasses  had  shared  the  same  fate.  The  rioters  had  entered  the  room  through  the  window,  and  had  mounted  the  mahogany  table  and  wrenched  the  chandelier  from  the  ceiling.  The  chairs  gnashed,  and  the  floor  was  literally  covered  with  stones,  blocks  of  wood  torn  from  the  market  stalls,  ,even  and  fourteen  pound  weight—nay,  even  scales  and  beams  had  been  hurled  through  the  windews,  having  been  seized  upon  from  the  hucksters'  stalls.  From  this  room  the  miscreants  had  taken  two  mahogany  tables,  using  them  as  weapons  to  smash  the  vestibule  floor  in  the  hall,  which  was  of  considerable  dimensions,  and  contained  no  fewer  than  forty  large  squares  of  glass,  which  were  demolished  as  well  as  the  framework.  They  had  then  dashed  the  tables  to  pieces  on  the  hall  stone  floor.  In  another  large  room,  front fronting  ing fronting  the  market-place,  similar  complete  destruction  had  been  effected.  The  floor  of  this  room  was  literally  hidden  by  the  heaps  of  stone,  coals,  potatoes,  onions,  iron  weights,  and  beams  of  wood,  which  had  been  thrown  through  the  window.  In  this  room  also  a  large  mirror  was  bro broken  ken broken  to  pieces,  and  the  tumblers  and  glasses  on  the  tables  were  smashed.  Some  of  the  chairs  were  destroyed.  and  the  destruction  was  immense.  The  rioters  had  also  first  destroyed  the  bar  windows  with  stones,  and  then  entered  the  room.  The  bar  book  had  been  abstracted  and  was  thrown  through  the  scullery  window.  In  the  kitchen,  and  in  the  scullery,  all  the  crockery  had  been  broken,  and  piles  of  stones  hurled  through  the  windows.  Through  the  window  of  the  scullery  a  quarter-cask  had  been  dashed.  The  bed-room  floors  were  strewed  with  stones,  oyster-shells,  and  coals  thrown  through  from  the  street,  and  not  a  window  either  at  the  front  or  the  back  of  the  house  had  escaped.  The  ornamental  lamp  over  the  entrance  to  the  hotel  was  broken  to  pieces,  and  everything  that  the  mob  could  reach  had  been  similarly  destroyed.  It  is  said  that  the  cause  of  their  wreaking  such  vengence  on  the  Royal  Hotel  was,  that  the  mob  were  under  the  impression  that  some  of  the  coal  proprietors  were  in  the  house.  The  rioters  was  here  joined  by  the  factory  opera operatives,  tives, operatives,  and  they  seem  to  have  had  the  principal  share  in  con conducting  ducting conducting  the  future  riotous  proceedings,  as  evidenced  by  the  selections  of  the  houses  which  were  attacked.  About  this  time,  all  the  lamps  in  the  Market-place  and  in  Wallgate  -  extinguished  by  the  melt,  and  many  of  the  lamp  frames  token,  and  some  of  the  pillars  bent.  The  mob  then  led  up  Millgate,  and  broke  some  windows  at  Mr.  Stringfellow's  the  The  police  station  next  suffered,  together  with  the  houses  adjoining.  In  Chapel  lane,  the  windows  of  Mr.  Lowe's  shop,  provision  dealer,  and  Mr.  Bredford,  were  broken.  From  the  latter  place  the  mob  took  a  quantity  of  bread,  and  threw  it  into  the  street.  Mr.  Isaac  Wright,  provision  dealer,  suffered  most  se severely.  verely. severely.  The  plate-glass  window  was  smashed,  and  the  shop  ransacked.  Two  hundred  41b.  loaves  were  taken  L  6  in  five  shilling  papers  of  copper,  and  a  large  quantity  of  butter  and  bacon.  From  Chapel-lane  the  rioters  went  to  the  house  of  Mr.  W.  Johnson,  cotton-spinner,  and  broke  all  the  windows,  sas  hes,  door  panels,  and  glass  within  reach.  Mr.  Tipping,  another  master  cotton-spinner  at  Pemberton,  was  the  next  sufferer.  The  windows,  sashes,  and  frames,  in  his  house  an  d  his  office  adjoining,  were  smashed.  The  Midge  Inn  (Mr.  Green's)  was  next  visited,  and  from  thence  the  mob  appear  to  have  made  their  way  into  Queen-street,  where  the  lamps  were  broken,  and  the  houses  occupied  by  the  following  parties  suffered  tremendously,  scarcely  a  square  of  glass  within  reach  being  left  entire  :—Mr.  Kellet,  Mr.  Graham,  Mr.  M'Connel,  Mr.  Taylor,  Mr.  Kerrow,  Mr.  Wallace,  Mr.  Deans,  and  Mr.  M'Culloch.  These  houses  aro  •on  both  sides  of  the  way,  but  the  mob  seem  to  have  been  impartial  in  their  treatment.  The  magistrates  had  despatched  the  special  engine  to  Pres Preston,  ton, Preston,  and  also  a  telegraphic  message.  As  time  passed,  continued  inquiries  were  made  by  the  telegraph,  have  the  soldiers  left  yet  but  for  a  long  time  the  same  answer  was  received,  The  mob  next  came  to  the  Wallgate  end  of  Queen-street,  at  which  corner  the  offices  of  the  Local  Boar']  of  Health  and  of  the  Guardians  of  the  Union  are  situated.  The  windows  of  this  large  pile  of  buildings  were  all  smashed.  At  this  point  the  mob  divided,  one  half  proceed proceeding  ing proceeding  down  Wallgate  with  the  intention  of  going  to  the  residence  of  the  Mayor,  and  the  other  up  Wall Wallgate,  gate, Wallgate,  but  the  former  did  not  execute  their  inten intention.  tion. intention.  Proceeding  up  Wallgate,  windows  were  broken  at  Mr.  Howard's,  boot  maker;  Mr.  Davis's  Rail Railway  way Railway  TRern  ;  Mr.  Ainsworth,  currier;  and  Mr.  Marsh,  chemist.  An  attack  was  commenced  on  the  shop  of  Mr.  Esplin,  the  extensive  watchmaker  and  jeweller,  and  the  shutters  were  broken,  but  no  further  damage  was  done.  Mr.  Esplin  extinguished  the  gas gaslights  lights gaslights  immediately  on  the  attack  being  commenced,  and  with  the  assistance  of  friends,  cleared  away  a  large  por portion  tion portion  of  his  valuable  stock  from  the  windows,  out  of  the  sight  of  the  mob.  It  was  seeing  Mr.  Esplin's  friends  so  employed  removing  the  goods  that  gave  rise  to  the  re report  port report  that  the  mob  were  ransacking  the  shop.  Some  men  also  took  up  a  position  in  front  of  the  shop,  and  kept  the  crowd  away.  At  this  moment  the  mail  train  from  Preston  crossed  the  bridge  which  spans  Wall Wallgate,  gate, Wallgate,  near  Mr.  Esplin's,  and  the  mob  appeared  to  be  temporarily  under  the  impression  that  it  was  the  soldiers,  and  they  ceased  their  attack  on  the  shop.  Finding,  however,  that  it  was  the  mail,  the  rioters  proceeded  to  Mr.  Taylor's,  another  mas master  ter master  cotton-spinner,  whose  house  stands  a  little  back  from  the  Wallgate,  and  here  all  the  windows  were  also  broken.  The  Victoria  Hotel  next  suffered,  the  large  plate-glass  sheets  in  the  ground  floor  windows  being  smashed  to  pieces.  The  Clarence  Hotel  shared  the  same  fate.  Stones  were  also  hurled  through  the  windows  at  the  Post  Office  (Mr.  Wall's  bookseller),  Mr.  Davidson's,  the  Bay  Horse,  and  the  Moot  Hall,  which  stands  opposite;  at;Mr.  Collinson's,  the  Queen's  Head,  and  here  they  went  inside  and  committed  some  havoc  also.  Messrs.  Roberts  and  Co.,  booksellers,  bad  also  been  visited,  and  had  several  window,  broken.  The  mob  then  proceeded  through  the  Market-place,  and  paid  a  second  visit  to  the  Royal  Hotel.  The  Unicorn  Inn,  in  Standishgate  (Mr.  Bullin's),  next  attracted  their  atten attention,  tion, attention,  and  similar  treatment  was  awarded  to  it  as  to  all  the  others.  The  Royal  Oak  windows  were  damaged.  The  shop  of  Mr.  Liptrot,  provision  dealer,  in  Standish Standishgate,  gate, Standishgate,  was  completely  sacked.  The  rioters  demolished  all  they  could  lay  their  hands  on,  even  to  breaking  the  counters,  and  carried  off  the  contents  of  the  shop.  It  was  rumoured  that  they  were  now  making  their  way  to  the  the  residence  of  Mr.  H.  Woods,  coal  proprietor  and  cotton  spinner.  At  this  moment  the  welcome  sound  of  the  approaching  train  from  '  Preston,  with  the  soldies,  was  hear.  As  soon  as  the  military  had  arrived  (about  half-past  eleven),  Mr.  Cook,  Mr.  Acton,  and  Mr.  Part,  re-assembled  the  civil  force,  and  proceeded  after  the  rioters,  the  Mayor  remaining  at  the  station,  and  accompanying  the  mili military.  tary. military.  The  civil  force,  headed  by  the  gentlemen  above  named,  followed  the  rioters,  and  came  up  with  them  in  Standishgate,  and  at  once  attacked  them.  Four  youths  were  captured,  and  one  was  found  to  have  his  pockets  filled  with  green  tea  and  crackers  stolen  from  a  shop  in  Wigan-lane.  The  mob  then  dispersed  the  military  were  fast  advancing  up  the  road,  and  more  restored  to  the  town,  after  being  f  son  )aving-1  were  1  peace  was  one  in  possession  of  the  rioters  for  four  hours,  during  which  an  enormous  amount  of  damage  had  been  done.  The  riotous  portion  of  the  mob  were  chiefly  young  men,  and  the  women  were  particularly  active  in  inciting  them  to  mischief.  The  31th  patrolled  the  streets  for  some  time,  and  when  all  fears  of  any  further  outbreak  were  quelled,  the  solders  were  quartered  in  the  Moot-hall  and  the  Town-hall,  and  were  still  stationed  there  when  our  reporter  left.  Numberless  other  houses  in  all  parts  of  the  town  also  had  their  windows  broken  to  a  less  extent."
