text
"GAROTTE  ROBBERY  AT  MANCHESTER.  Margaret  Warburton,  22,  was  indicted  for  feloniously  assaulting  and  robbing,  in  company  with  others,  William  Newton.  Mr.  Fowler  conducted  the  prosecution,  and  Mr.  Atkinsoudefended  the  prisoner.  William  Newton,  a  carter,  was  going  home  on  the  night  of  the  robbery,  when  he  saw  two  men  and  the  prisoneri  When  he  had  passed  them,  they  seized  him  behind,  ho  fell  on  his  back—the  woman  caught  himby  the  hair  of  his  head,  and  put  her  left  hand  into  his  pocket.  He  shouted  -  the  men  ran  away,  and  he  stuck  to  the  woman  until  the  police  came  up.  He  missed  9s.  3d.  out  of  his  pocket.  He  was  perfectly  sober.  ,  Mr.  ATKINSON  having  declined  to  make  any  defence  for  the  prisoner,  the  jury  returned  a  verdict  of  guilty,  and  his  lordship  sentenced  her  to  six  months'  imprisonment,  with  hard  labour.  HOUSEBREAKING  AT  CHADDERTON.  Dennis  111'  Caughall,  10,  stood  indicted  with  having  burglariously  entered  the  dwelling-house  of  Miss  Smith,  and  stolen  therefrom  a  gold  ring  and  other  articles.  The  prisoner  was  on  a  second  count,  charged  with  receiving  the  same  knowing  them  to  have  been  stolen.  Hannah  Smith,  the  prosecutrix,  occupies  a  house  with  her  mother.  The  night  previous  to  the  robbery,  all  the  doors,  and  out-doors  were  quite  safe..  She  went  to  bed  about  half-past  ten,  and  got  up  at  six,  when  sho  found  the  house  had  been  entered,  and  missed  some  bread  and  cheese,  and  clothing  from  the  drawers,  which  had  been  broken  open.  A  variety  of  articles  were  stolen,  amongst  which  was  a  shirt  and  a  handkerchief.  The  thieves  had  entered  by  le  kitchen  window.  A  police-officer  apprehended  the  prisoner,  upon  whom  he  found  a  handkerchief,  which  he  said  he  had  received  fromia  person  named  John  Mills.  •  His  LORDSHIP  directed  the  jury  to  acquit  the  prisoner  . STYLE=superscript  ;  he  had  previously  pleaded  guilty  to  another  charge  of  house housebreaking.  breaking. housebreaking.  '  ASSAULT  WITH  INTENT.  Patrick  JPGracle,  25,  stood  indicted  with  having,  at  Haigh,  wounded  Michael  Polan;  with  int  e  nt  t  o  d  o  hi  m  s  ome  ,  bodily  harm.  !  The  prosecutor,  on  the  15th  of  September,  was  in  the  em employ  ploy employ  of  Mr.  Sumners.  The  prisoner  was  his  brother-in-law,  and  was  in  the  same  employ.  On  that  day,  - STYLE=superscript  while  he  was  washing  a  puncheon,  he  was  stooping  down,  when  the'p  '-  senor,  with  a  hayfork,  struck  him  on  the  head.  He  had  n  t  spoken  a  word  to  him  that  day;  but  the  night  before,  t  e  prisoner  and  the  bookkeeper  had  a  •  quarrel,  and  the  pros  •  .  I  tutor  took  him  out  of,  the  house  ;  then  the  prisoner  was  intoxicated.  From  tlie  - STYLE=superscript  vmssex4minatiQn  of  the  prisoner,  it  appeared  that  a  few  days  before  there  had  been  some  little  family  quarrel.  Henry  Warrington  corroborated  the  prosecutor's  state statement  ment statement  ;  and  the  surgeon  who  examined  the  prisoner,  found  two  contused  wounds,  which  were  not  of  the  least  danger.  The  jury  returned.  a  verdict  of  unlawfully  stabbing  the  prosecutor;  and  'his  lordship,  seeing  they  .  were  relations,  sentenced  the  prisoner  to  six  months'  imprisonment,  which,  he  said,  was  but  a  very  slight  punishment  for  such  an  offence.  POLICE  COURTS.-iESTEBD•'  i  '  TI  ROBBERIES  BY  WOMEN  OF  THE  Tows.---*  was  charged  with  stealing  4s.  from  the  person  The  prisoner  was  given  into  the  custody  of  p  oll, STYLE=superscript  about  nine  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning.  The  a  sailor,  stated  that  about  four  o'clock  that  nl  Ol STYLE=superscript  -,  a  mate  fell  in  with  the  lorisoner,  when  they  asl;!a  they  could  get  some  coffee.  She  replied  there  liefl'ouse;ltid&#34;tlicy•  acainpattied  - STYLE=superscript  her  thither.  he  gave  her  is.  6d.  to  allow  him  to  sleep  there,  after,  she  came  into  the  room  'and  he  felt  he'  pocket,  from  which  she  took  4s.  The  girl  ever  went  into  the  room.  When  searched,  2  5 STYLE=superscript  .  °  that  was  found  upon  her,  _vhich,  she  stated  the  Saturday  night.  The  maiiitiates  ordered  to  be  given  to  the  complainant,  and  discharged  •  Mary  Douglas  was  charged  with  stealing_  £  4 STYLE=superscript  a  man  who  gave  his  name  John  Evans.  lie  state  the  girl  in  Castle-street,  and  they  walked  tof,  Park-lane,  when  he  gave  her  so  me  coppers.  S  went  up  an  entry,  and  he  followed  her,  when  purse,  the  prisonerhavingpreviouslyfeltabout  he  accused  her  of  stealing  it.  She.denied  the  he  told  her,  being  a  married  man,  he  would  if  she  gave  it  up,  as  he  did  not  wish  to  be  posed.  The  prisoner  stated  the  defendant  wit'  with  him  told  him  he  had  no  money.  The  admitted  that  he  did  tell  her  so,  and  the  charged  the  prisoner.  Rose  Mort  was  charged  with  stealing  S'  man,  almost  under  precisely  similar  circur  above  with  the  exception  of  the  locality,  the  pi  being  near  Moss-street.  The  prisoner  having  times  before  the  magistrates  on  similar  charges  , STYLE=superscript  tented  to  three  months'  imprisonment.  Mary  Wilkinson,  Ann  Willimnson,  and  /OM  charged  with  stealing  a  pocket-book  and  Bs.  mau  named  William  Hall  a  clerk,  living  at  Saturday  night.  Police-officers  63  and  7  spoke  to  apprehei  soners,  who  were  positively  identified  by  the  who  said  he  was  sober  at  the  time.  The  magistrate  committed  them  all  for  sessions.  Mary  Cordran,  an  old  offender,  was  commi  months,  for  stealing  a  piece  of  beef  from  a  bul  STEALING  A  COAT.—Bead  _Pearson  and  were  remanded  for  seven  days,  on  a  charge  of  a  coat  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Grundy,  Prince  The  prisoners  went  in  to  look  at  a  pair  of  is  supposed  that  the  female  took  a  coat,  witL  camped,  leaving  the  male  prisoner  in  the  slier,  followed  her  example.  PICKING  POCKETS.—  William  Riley  was  picking  the  pocket  of  a  female,  while  standin,  some  music,  near  Park-lane,  and  the  offence  1  proved,  he  was  committed  for  three  months,  ho  offender.  P4_TB00064 111)..a.  Lf  a  rgar  et  )u  o  f  J  o  lice-  ofticel  --  he  eoplai  r.  l: STYLE=superscript  ohd  s STYLE=superscript  r  l STYLE=superscript  e  ° STYLE=superscript  :  was  ru  r STYLE=superscript  :  e STYLE=superscript  seri  d STYLE=superscript  hate  ill STYLE=superscript  ad  i STYLE=superscript  l  in  P  re STYLE=superscript  t  lr STYLE=superscript  i  el STYLE=superscript  i  t  t STYLE=superscript  :  2s.  Bd.  icsil  ;  •  ited  sbe  y'  ✓ed  ther.  ;  •  •  L  4  ;ed  the  p  '  ..  ...  Os.  6d,::  .tj  •  •  e  stated  ,  ••  ,  ogether  35  ••••:::•  She  aftr  .......:  Len  he  t  his  pocet!  •  :::::  he  charge,  ,  Y  •  old  give  her  ,  •  trou  bled  or  •  ,  t  when  File  •..  .  ..  The  comP•  ..•  ,  raagistratF,,  •  .  •  £7  f  ro  o,  ••  imstaues  rot°o  ••  ,  ring  bee  s STYLE=superscript  harges,  L.  oi  .  :  17s STYLE=superscript  om  : STYLE=superscript  e  . STYLE=superscript  r  ita STYLE=superscript  n  r STYLE=superscript  i  l  trei STYLE=superscript  :  tt  r  i  tet STYLE=superscript  4  :  '4411 STYLE=superscript  'l\l STYLE=superscript  the  Pr',  i  I  ede  i=  b  u  t  c  her'`  4,  ,  d  )01  of  havia  4 STYLE=superscript  Lee  Edoisol  trousers,  „,  NeW  Lth  ich STYLE=superscript  ct•pi,Dr„et?t,  3  shop,  )0°  a  6  chargOof  iding  to  O  i  l  .  ,  ace  beirg  ;,  he  being  r  \'`Ll...s.  !jam  /PO;  f;tl  eo  as  charg„,,,,ft  OhnS  oll STYLE=superscript  t  had,  ld  't  in  a  fietji  044  aCCOnga:4ls  received,  iit/  Our  of  th STYLE=superscript  of  the  vli' STYLE=superscript  d  °elJ  i't4l,s  in  the  he  field  belP  j,  4 STYLE=superscript  1  N- STYLE=superscript  ca  lled  wl'Arloo  an  a  peon  to  thatrs  aftetfai  kk  9  mnising  to  to  Is:  4 STYLE=superscript  ,',  p  -s,  scams,  s,  0,  w.nderiava.„  bu  t  stateuro  Lence  of  a  cla  en  there.  ,00,  ere  was  1  1 STYLE=superscript  °  We  ?' STYLE=superscript  'l STYLE=superscript  %L  ‘ STYLE=superscript  '  for  four  ,tail6l4::  YOO  lt  L  L. STYLE=superscript  fO  I3C STYLE=superscript  •  1,40,  111:e"
