text
"constant  strife,  the  suspension  of  the  powers  of  local  enter enterprise,  prise, enterprise,  and  excitingeof  vain  hopes,  and  the  disappointment  of  cherished  expectations.  In  expending  the  appropriations  made  by  the  last  Con Congress,  gress, Congress,  several  cases  have  arisen  in  relation  to  works  for  im improvement  provement improvement  of  harbors,  which  involve  question  as  to  the  right  of  soil  and  jurisdicton,  and  have  threatened  conflict  between  the  authority  of  State  and  General  Government.  The  right  to  construct  a  breakwater,  jetty,  or  dam,  would  seem,  neces necessarily,  sarily, necessarily,  to  carry  with  it  the  power  to  protect  and  preserve  such  constructions.  This  can  only  be  effectiially  done  by  having  jurisdiction  over  the  soil.  But  no  clause  of  the  Constitution  is  found  on  which  to  rest  the  claim  of  the  United  States  to  exercise  jurisdiction  over  the  soil  of  a  State,  except  that  con conferred  ferred conferred  by  the  eighth  section  of  the  first  article  of  the  Con Constitution.  stitution. Constitution.  It  is  then  submitted  whether,  in  all  cases  where  constructions  are  to  be  erected  by  the  General  Government,  the  right  of  soil  should  not  first  be  obtained,  and  legislative  provision  be  made  to  cover  all  such  cases.  There  is  one  subject  of  a  domestic  nature,  which,  from  its  intrinsic  importance,  and  the  many  interesting  questions  of  future  policy  which  it  involves,  cannot  fail  to  receive  your  early  attention.  I  allude  to  the  means  of  communication  by  which  different  parts  of  the  wide  expanse  of  our  country  are  to  be  placed  in  closer  conzection,  for  the  purposes  both  of  defence  and  commercial  intercourse.  But  the  general  subject  will  now  present  itself  under  aspects  more  imposing  and  more  purely  national,  by  reason  of  the  surveys  ordered  by  Congress,  and  now  in  the  process  of  completion,  for  communication  by  railway  across  the  Continent,  and  wholly  within  the  limits  of  the  United  States.  The  power  to  declare  war,  to  raise  and  support  armies,  to  provide  and  maintain  a  navy,  and  to  call  forth  the  militia  to  execute  the  law,  suppress  insurrections,  and  repel  invasions,  was  coa►erred  upon  Congress,  as  a  means  to  provide  for  the  common  defence,  and  to  protect  a  territory  and  a  population  now  with-spread  and  vastly  multiplied.  As  incidental  to,  and  indispensible  for,  the  exercise  of  this  power,  it  must  sometimes  be  necessary  to  construct  military  roads  and  pro protect  tect protect  harbours  of  refuge.  To  appropriations  by  Congress  for  such  objects,  no  sound  objection  can  be  raised.  Happily  for  our  country,  its  peaceful  policy  and  rapidly-increasing  popu population,  lation, population,  impose  upon  us  no  urgent  necessity  for  preparation,  and  leave  but  few  trackless  deserts  between  assailable  points  and  a  patriotic  people  everready  andigenerally  able  to  protect  them.  These  necessary  links,  the  enterprise  and  energy  of  our  people  are  steadily  and  boldly  struggling  to  supply.  All  experience  affirms  that  wherever  private  enterprise  will  avail,  it  is  most  wise  for  the  General  Government  to  leave  to  that  and  individual  watchfulness  the  location  and  execution  of  all  means  of  communication.  The  surveys  before  alluded  to  were  designed  to  ascertain  the  most  practicable  and  economical  route  for  a  railroad  from  the  Mississippi  to  the  Pacific  Ocean.  The  magnitude  of  the  enterprise  contemplated  has  aroused,  and  will  doubtles  con continue  tinue continue  to  excite,  a  very  general  interest  throughout  the  country.  In  its  political,  its  commercial,  aud  its  military  bearings,  it  has  varied,  great  and  increasing  claims  to  con consideration.  sideration. consideration.  The  heavy  expense,  the  great  delay,  and  a  t  times  fatality  attending  travel  by  either  of  the  Isthmus  routes,  hare  demonstrated  the  advantage  which  would  re result  sult result  from  international  communication  by  such  safe  and  rapid  means  as  a  railroad  would  supply.  These  difficulties,  which  have  been  encountered  in  a  period  of  peace,  would  be  magnified  and  still  further  in increased  creased increased  in  the  time  of  war.  But  whilst  the  embarrassments  already  encountered,  and  others  under  new  contingencies  to  be  anticipated  may  serve  strikingly  to  exhibit  the  importance  of  such  a  work,  neither  these  nor  all  considerations  combined  can  have  an  appreciable  value,  when  weighed  against  the  obligation  strictly  to  adhere  to  the  Con Constitution,  stitution, Constitution,  and  faithfully  to  execute  the  powers  it  confers.  Within  this  limit  and  to  the  extent  of  the  interest  of  the  Government  involved,  it  would  seem  both  expedient  and  proper,  if  an  economical  and  practicable  route  shall  be  found,  to  aid,  by  all  constitutional  means,  in  the  construction  of  a  road  which  will  unite,  by  speedy  transit,  the  populations  of  the  Pacific  and  Atlantic  States.  To  guard  against  miscon misconception,  ception, misconception,  it  should  be  remarked  that,  although  the  power  to  construct  or  aid  in  the  construction  of  a  road  within  the  limits  of  a  territory  is  not  embarrassed  by  that  question  of  jurisdiction  which  would  arise  within  the  limits  of  a  State,  it  is,  nevertheless,  held  to  be  of  doubtful  character,  and  more  than  doubtful  propriety,  even  within  the  limits  of  a  terri territory,  tory, territory,  for  the  general  Government  to  undertake  to  administer  the  affairs  of  a  railroad,  a  canal,  or  other  similar  construc construction,  tion, construction,  and  therefore  that  its  connection  with  a  work  of  this  character  should  be  incidental  rather  than  primary.  I  will  only  add  at  present  that,  fully  appreciating  the  mag magnitude  nitude magnitude  of  the  subject,  and  solicitous  that  the  Atlantic  and.  Pacific  shores  of  the  Republic  may  be  bound  together  by  in inseparable  separable inseparable  ties  of  common  interest,  as  well  as  of  common  fealty  aud  attachment  to  the  Union,  I  shall  be  disposed,  so  far  as  my  action  is  concerned  to  follow  the  light  of  the  Con Constitution,  stitution, Constitution,  as  expounded  and  illustrated  by  th  .se  whose  opi opinions  nions opinions  and  expositions  constitute  the  standard  of  my  political  faith  in  regard  to  the  powers  of  the  Government.  It  is,  I  trust,  not  necessary  to  say  that  no  grandeur  of  enterprise  and  no  present  urgent  inducement  promising  popular  favor,  will  lead  me  to  disregard  those  lights,  or  to  depart  from  that  path  which  experience  has  proved  to  be  safe,  and  which  is  now  radiant  with  the  glow  of  prosperity  and  legitimate  con constitutional  stitutional constitutional  progress.  We  can  afford  to  wait,  but  we  cannot  afford  to  overlook  the  ark  of  our  security.  When  the  grave  shall  have  closed  over  all  who  are  now  oncleavouring  to  meet  the  nhligatinng  of  rinty,  the  your  1  RAA  —.al  1..  4-  r  .  hension,  A  successful  war  has  just  terminated.  Peace  brought  with  it  a  vast  augmentation  of  territory.  Disturbing  questions  arose,  bearing  upon  the  domestic  institutions  of  one  portion  of  the  confederacy,  and  involving  the  Constitu Constitutional  tional Constitutional  rights  of  the  States.  But,  notwithstanding  differences  of  opinion  and  i  sentiment,  which  then  existed  in  relation  to  details  and  specific  provisions,  the  acquiescence  of  distin distinguished  guished distinguished  citizens,  whose  devotion  to  the  Union  can  never  be  doubted,  has  given  renewed  vigor  to  our  institutions,  and  restored  a  sense  of  repose  and  security  to  the  public  mind  throughout  the  confederacy.  That  this  repose  is  to  suffer  no  shock  during  my  official  term  if  I  have  power  to  avert  it,  those  who  have  placed  me  here  may  be  assured.  The  wisdom  of  men  who  knew  what  independence  cost— costwho  who costwho  had  put  all  at  stake  upon  the  issue  of  the  Revolutionary  struggle—disposed  of  the  subject  to  which  I  refer,  in  the  only  way  consistent  with  the  union  of  these  States,  and  with  the  march  of  power  and  prosperity  which  has  made  us  what  we  are.  It  is  a  significant  fact  that,  from  the  adoption  of  the  Constitution  until  the  officers  and  soldiers  of  the  Revolution  had  passed  to  their  graves,  or  through  the  infirmities  of  ages  and  wounds  had  ceased.  to  participate  actively  in  public  affairs,  there  was  not  merely  a  quiet  acqui acquiessence  essence acquiessence  in,  but  a  prompt  vindication  of,  the  constitutional  rights  of  the  State.  The  reserved  powers  were  scrupulously  respected.  No  statesman  put  forth  the  narrow  view  of  casuists  to  justify  interference  and  agitation,  but  the  spirit  of  compact  was  regarded  as  sacred  in  the  eye  of  honor,  and  indispensable  for  the  great  experiment  of  civil  liberty,  which,  environed  with  inherent  difficulties,  was  yet  borne  forward  in  apparent  weakness  by  a  power  superior  to  all  obstacles.  There  is  no  condemnation  which  the  voice  of  Freedom  will  not  pronounce  upon  us  should  we  prove  faithless  to  this  great  trust.  While  men  inhabiting  different  parts  of  this  great  continent  can  no  more  be  expected  to  hold  the  same  opinions,  or  entertain  the  same  sentiments,  than  every  variety  of  climate  or  soil  can  be  expected  to  furnish  the  same  agricultural  products,  they  can  unite  in  a  common  object  and  sustain  common  principles  essential  to  the  maintenance  of  that  object.  The  gallant  men  of  the  South  and  the  North  could  stand  together  during  the  struggle  of  the  Revolution  •  they  could  stand  together  in  the  more  trying  period  which  succeeded  the  clangor  of  arms.  As  their  united  valor  was  adequate  to  all  the  trials  of  the  camp  and  dangers  of  the  field,  so  their  united  wisdom  proved  equal  to  the  greater  task  of  founding,  upon  a  deep  and  broad  basis,  institutions  waich  it  his  been  oar  privilege  to  enjoy,  and  will  ever  be  our  most  sacred  duty  to  sustain.  1t  is  but  the  feeble  bxpression  of  a  faith  strong  and  universal,  to  say  that  their  sons,  whose  blood  mingled  so  often  upon  the  same  field,  during  the  war  of  1812,  and  who  have  more  recently  borne  in  triumph  the  flag  of  the  country  upon  a  foreign  soil,  will  never  permit  alienation  of  feeling  to  weaken  the  power  of  their  united  efforts,  nor  internal  dis dissentious  sentious dissentious  to  paralyse  the  great  arm  of  freedom,  uplifted  for  the  vindication  of  self-government.  The  successive  decennial  returns  of  the  census  since  the  adoption  of  the  Constitution  have  revealed  a  law  of  steady  progressive  development,  which  may  be  stated,  in  general  terms,  as  a  duplication  every  quarter  century.  Carried  for forward,  ward, forward,  from  the  point  already  reached,  for  only  a  short  period  of  time  as  applicable  to  the  existence  of  a  nation,  this  law  of  progress,  if  unchecked,  will  bring  us  to  almost  incredible  results.  A  large  allowance  for  a  diminished  proportional  effect  of  emigration  would  not  very  materially  reduce  the  estimate,  while  the  increased  average  duration  of  Iriman  life,  known  to  have  already  resulted  from  the  scientiic  and  hygienic  improvements  for  the  past  fifty  years,  will  tend  to  keep  up  through  the  next  fifty,  or  perhaps  hundred,  the  same  ratio  of  growth  which  has  been  thus  revealed  in  our  past  pro progress  gress progress  ;  and  to  the  influence  of  these  causes  may  be  added  the  influx  of  laboring  masses  from  Eastern  Asia  to  the  Pacific  side  of  our  p  iniossions,  tavtuer  with  the  probable  accesions  of  the  populations  already  existing  in  other  parts  of  our  hemisphere,  which,  within  the  period  in  question,  will  feel,  with  yearly  increasing  force,  the  natural  attraction  of  so  vast,  powerful  and  prosperous  a  confederation  of  self-go self-governing  verning self-governing  Republics,  and  seek  the  privilege  of  being  admitted  within  its  s  ife  and  h  ippy  bosom,  transferring  with  them themselves,  selves, themselves,  by  a  peaceful  and  healthy  process  of  incorporation,  spacious  regions  of  virgin  and  exuberant  soil,  which  are  des destined  tined destined  to  swarm  with  the  fast-spreading  millions  of  our  race.  These  considerations  seem  fully  to  justify  the  presumption  that  the  law  above  stated  will  continue  to  act  with  undi undiminished  minished undiminished  effect,  through  at  least  the  next  half  century  :  and  that  thousands  of  persons  who  have  already  arrived  at  ma maturity,  turity, maturity,  and  are  now  exercising  the  rights  of  free  men  ,  w  ill  close  their  eyes  on  the  spectacle  of  more  than  one  hundred  millions  of  population  embraced  within  the  majestic  pro proportions  portions proportions  of  the  American  Union.  It  is  not  merely  as  an  interesting  topic  of  speculation  that  I  present  these  views  for  your  crnsideration.  They  have  important  p  rac  ti  ca  l  bearings  upon  all  the  political  duties  we  are  called  upon  to  perfo-m.  Heretofore,  our  system  of  government  has  work worked  ed worked  on  what  may  be  termed  'a  miniature  scale,  in  comparison  with  the  development,  which  it  must  thus  assume,  within  a  future  so  near  at  hand,  as  scarcely  to  be  beyond  the  present  of  the  existing  generation.  It  is  evident  that  a  confederation  so  vast  and  so  varied,  both  in  nnmbers,  and  in  territorial  extent,  in  habits  and  in  interests,  could  only  be  kept  in  national  cohesion  by  the  strictest  fidelity"
