text
"31.  at  4s  JOINERS.  6  at  ss.  6d  51  cc  6  1  4l  7  s STYLE=superscript  at  25.  6d  2  at  2s.  6d.  2  at  ss.  6d,  4  at  6s  LORD  PALMERSTON  ON  CHOLERA  AND  NATIONAL  FASTS.  A  correspondence  has  taken  place  between  Lord  Palmers Palmerston  ton Palmerston  and  the  Presbytery  of  Edinburgh,  respecting  a  day  of  humiliation  and  prayer,  on  account  of  the  visitation  of  the  cholera,  from  which  it  will  be  seen  that  the  noble  Home  Secretary  has  given  grave  offence  to  the  Presbytery.  At  the  meeting  .  of  that  body  on  Wednesday,  the  Moderator  stated  that  in  consequence  of  the  conversation  which  had  taken  place  at  the  previous  meeting,  he  had  written  to  Lord  Palmerston,  stating  that  the  members  of  the  Pres Presbytery  bytery Presbytery  were  of  opinion  that  it  was  likely,  under  the  circum circumstances,  stances, circumstances,  that  a  national  fast  would  be  appointed  on  Royal  authority.  For  this  reason  (the  communication  proceeded  to  say)  .  they  delayed  making  an  appointment  for  this  locality,  and  directed  me,  in  the  meantime,  respectfully  to  request  that  you  would  be  pleased  to  say—if  you  feel  yourself  at  liberty  to  do  so—whether  the  appointment  of  a  national  fast  by  the  Queen  is  in  contemplation.  In  reply,  the  following  letter  was  received  from  the  Home-  office  :  Whitehall,  Oct.  19,  1853  Sir—l  am  directed  by  Viscount  Palmerston  to  acknow acknowledge  ledge acknowledge  the  receipt  of  your  letter  of  the  15th  instant,  requesting,  on  behalf  of  the  Prf.hytery  of  whether  it  is  proposed  to  appoint  a  day  of  national  fast  on  account  of  the  visitation  of  the  cholera,  and  to  state  that  there  can  be  no  doubt  that  manifestations  of  humble  resignation  to  the  Divine  Will,  and  sincere  acknowledgements  of  human  un unworthiness,  worthiness, unworthiness,  are  never  more  appropriate  than  when  it  has  pleased  Providence  to  afflict  mankind  with  some  severe  visita visitation  tion visitation  ;  but  it  does  not  appear  to  Lord  Palmerston  that  a  national  fast  would  be  suitable  to  the  circumstances  of  the  present  moment.  The  Maker  of  the  Universe  has  established  certain  laws  of  nature  for  the  planet  in  which  we  live,  and  the  weal  or  woe  of  mankind  depends  upon  the  observance  or  neglect  of  those  laws.  Ono  of  those  laws  connects  health  with  the  absence  of  those  gaseous  exhalations  which  proceed  from  over-crowded  human  beings,  or  from  decomposed  substances,  whether  animal  or  vegetable  ;  and  those  same  laws  render  sickness  the  almost  inevitable  consequence  of  exposure  to  those  noxious  influences  But  it  has  at  the  same  time  pleased  Providence  to  place  it  within  the  power  of  man  to  make  such  arrangements  as  will  prevent.  or  disperse  such  exhalations  so  as  to  render  them  harmless,  and  it  is  the  duty  of  man  to  attend  to  those  laws  of  nature,  and  to  exert  the  faculties  which  Providence  has  thus  given  to  man  for  his  own  welfare.  ,6 STYLE=superscript  The  recent  visitation  of  cholera,  which  has  for  the  moment  been  mercifully  checked,  is  an  awful  warning  given  to  the  people  of  this  realm  that  they  have  too  much  neglected  their  duty  in  this  respect,  and  that  those  persons  with  whom  it  rested  to  purify  towns  and  cities,  and  to  prevent  or  remove  the  cause  of  disease,  have  not  been  sufficiently  active  in  regard  to  such  matters.  Lord  Palmerston  would,  therefore,  suggest  that  the  best  course  which  the  people  of  this  country  can  pursue  to  de deserve  serve deserve  that  the  further  progress  of  the  cholera  should  be  stayed,  will  be  to  employ  tho  interval  that  will  elapse  between  the  present  time  and  the  beginning  of  next  spring  in  planning  and  executing  measures  by  which  those  portions  of  their  towns  and  cities  which  are  inhabited  by  the  poorest  classes,  and  which,  the  nature  of  things,  must  most  need  purification  and  improve improvement,  ment, improvement,  may  be  freed  from  those  causes  and  sources  of  contagion  which,  if  allowed  to  remain,  will  infallibly  breed  pestilence,  and  be  fruitful  to  death,  in  spite  of  all  the  prayers  and  fastings  of  a  united  bnt  inactive  nation.  When  man  has  done  his  utmost  for  his  own  safety,  then  is  the  time  to  invoke  the  bless blessing  ing blessing  of  Heaven,  to  give  effect  to  his  exertions.—l  am,  sir,  your  obedient  servant,  HENRY  The  reading  of  this  letter  from  the  Home  Secretary  ex excited  cited excited  a  good  deal  of  sensation  among  the  members  of  the  Presbytery.  Rev.  Dr.  CLAUR  said  :  It  is  not  usual,  I  dare  say,  to  make  any  remark  on  communications  of  this  kind,  but  I  feel  called  upon  to  say  that  I  totally  dissent  from  the  doc doctrines  trines doctrines  contained  in  that  letter,  and  that  I  can  be  no  party  to  share  in  the  responsibility  of  those  who  refuse,  or  at  least  who  decline  eo  ....lire  an  opportunity  to  her  Majesty's  subjects  to  meet  together  for  prayei.  +hp  occas  i  on  o  f  so  fearful  a  visitation.  Ido  not  wish  to  make  any  moan.  .„,„„  high  places,  but  it  is  the  first  time,  and  I  hope  it  will  be  the  last,  that  any  Secretary  of  State  has  ever  made  any  com communication  munication communication  of  this  kind  to  any  Presbytery.  Rev.  Dr.  MUIR  :  I  am  sure  we  all  concur  in  the  state statement  ment statement  made  by  our  excellent  friend.  There  can  only  be  one  sentiment  of  unmingled  pity  and  regret  entertained  by  us  that  such  a  document  should  ever  emanate  from  a  pro professedly  fessedly professedly  Christian  Government.  Rev.  DIMACFARLANE  •  Concurring  as  Ido  in  the  views  expressed  in  regard  to  this  communication  from  the  home homeoffice,  office, homeoffice,  there  is  required  no  further  expression  of  op;-to op;-tofrom  from op;-tofrom  me  on  the  subject.  I  would  —l  7  venture  to  propose  that  we  should  tat  -.,  =tiler  steps  in  this  matt  er  ,  b  u  t  o  that  4,0  .i.uuid  report  this  communication  to  the  synod,  which  meets  next  week,  so  that  whatever  is  called  may  be  done  not  as  a  presbytery,  but  by  our  brethren  within  the  bounds  of  the  province.  Dr.  BRYCE  expressed  his  surprise  and  regret  that  any  letter  should  be  sent  from  such  an  authority  to  the  Presby Presbytery  tery Presbytery  of  Edinburgh,  and  contended  that  the  Moderator's&#34;  letter  called  for  no  such  response.  Rev.  Dr.  STEVEN  also  said  that  he  regarded  the  document  as  unworthy  of  any  Christian  Government  or  governor.  On  the  question  being  put,  whether  the  do'cument  should  be  engrossed,  Dr.  CLARK  moved  that  it  should  not,  but  that  it  should  be  kept  in  retentis,  which  was  agreed  to.  The  Moderator  was  instructed  simply  to  acknowledge  that  the  letter  had  boon  received  and  laid  before  the  Presby Presbytery.  tery. Presbytery.  The  total  amount  realized  by  sales  ordered  under  the  provisions  of  the  Encumbered  Estates'  Act  (Ireland),  from  the  commencement  to  the  20th  instant,  amounts  to  £10,430,401  ss.  Id.  THE  Loss  OF  THE  DALHOUSIE.—The  body  of  a  woman  was  washed  on  the  beach  of  Dymchurch,  on  Thurs Thursday,  day, Thursday,  which  is  supposed  to  be  one  of  the  Dalhousie's  passengers.  She  is  described  to  be  about  50  years  of  age,  and  her  lmen  marked  4.  m  .  They  correspond  with  the  initials  of  the  late  Mrs.  Underwood,  and  it  is  thought  very  probable  that  the  remains  are  those  of  that  ill-fated  lady.  As  yet  nothing  has  been  heard  of  the  spar  to  which  Miss  Under Underwood,  wood, Underwood,  Captain  Butterworth,  and  several  others  were  lashed.  Quantities  of  wreck  are  being  cast  up  between  llastings  and  Dungeness."
