text
"-  , STYLE=superscript  .;  , STYLE=superscript  e..-  (Before  Mr.  Baron  ALDERSON.)  se  ''''  At  ten  o'clock,  on  yesterday,  after  the  usual  proclamation  had  been  made,  the  following  gentleinen  were  sworn  in  as  the  grand  jury  :  William  Brown,  Esq.,  M.P.  Richmond-hill,  fore foreman  man foreman  ;  Henry  Ashton,  Esq.,  Woolton  Wood,  Liverpool  .;  Henry  Ashworth,  Esq.,  The  Oaks,  Bolton  ;  Richard  Miley,  E STYLE=superscript  •  11.-  102a:Ej.J40111A-C-09ke,,,Paa,,,ballnbriAgs  Inc...  cnesterT-Ttiornas--  - STYLE=superscript  a-tittarr  'Porde,  Esq.;  Chester  ;  Henry  - STYLE=superscript  A.  - STYLE=superscript  Grey,  -,,Live.rpool  ;  John  Grimshaw,  Esq.,  Ardenshaw  Lod  anefiester  ;  Jolin.  ;William  garden,  Esq.,  Liver Liver-41  -41 Liver-41  pool  ;James  Collier  Harter,  Esq.„  Tetlow  Fold,  Manchea-  EiTUFcrige  — STYLE=superscript  HOlt,  Esq.,  Rake-lane,  'Liverpool.;  Henry  Houldswortl4  .- STYLE=superscript  /Etq.,  Oak.,hill,  lifanhesteir  ;  '  John  Buck  tlcry,tleZsq.,  Lifelipo6l;  'John  Bramley  Moore,  Esq.,  LiVer LiVerpool,siTheinas  pool,siTheinas LiVerpool,siTheinas  Edwards.  Moss,  .Esq.  ;Roby  , STYLE=superscript  Hall,  •Prescot;  4olseet.-Needhara•  Philips,  Esq.,  :The  Park,  Manchester  ;  liVilliam-Ra.tlabone,  Esq.,  Green  Bank,  Liverpool  ;  William  t.iiart  i  .:  Esq.,  Rumford-place,  Liverpool;  :.Oliver  Omerod  Walker,  Esq.,  Chesham,  Bury  ;  Charles  Carrill  Horsley,  Esql;iltlett  Hall,  Manchester  ;  and  James  Aspinall  Turner,  Esq.,  Penstlebury  House;  Manchester.  ..  1  11is  14440iitin  ,, STYLE=superscript  tlien.proceeded  to  charge  the  ,  grand  jury.  He  said—Gentlemen  of  the  grand  inquest,  you  are  here,  as  unhappily  has  been.  the  case  tor  several  years  at  this  season  of  the  year,  for  the  purpose  of  discharging  the  gaol  of  the  county:  of  Lancaster  ;  no  doubt  a  'necessary,  though  to  you,  I  dare  saY,  - STYLE=superscript  an'  'unpleasant  proceeding.  But,  at  the  same  time,  I  am  quite  certain  that  you  will  always  do  that  which  thneetintry  expects  from  gentlemen  in  your  position  in  life,  and;that`  you  will  the-more  readily  discharge  your  duties  on  tail  occasion  ;  as  I-  see  that-  you  are  a  numerous  body,  though  notNnite  - STYLE=superscript  so  -numerous  as  might  have  been  serving  on  this  grail:lift:quest.  We  have  but-21  instead  .of  23  gentlemen  ;  ltatti  Tit  LW  that  -atthi4  period  of  the'  year  it  is  a  very  ad admirable  mirable admirable  attendaiicemiosdoribt,  of  gentlemen  in  your  station  lir  life:.  Gentleindni)  thetio  is  somewhat  a  bad  calendar  for  you  to  consider.  There  are  a  great  many  cases  of  murder—one  of  them  -a  very  serious  one,  principally  resulting  from  the  very  bad  state  of  the  law  as  I  think,  which  permits  burial  clubs  to  exist  in  the  manner  in  which  they  do  exist  at  the  present  ,i.  l  .c.i.i.nt_  The  motive  appears  here  to  have  been,  if  there  be  any  motive,  the  obtaining  of  .  ....m.  of  money,  for  the  purpose  of  burying  two  little  children—a  motive  which  mightivell  - STYLE=superscript  tenapt,..a  - STYLE=superscript  Rerkei  of  hiid.Mind  and,eril  disposition  to  earniiiii'Offelices;  'perhaps  even  the  offence  with  which  the  prisoner  in  this  instance  is  Charged.  Now,  I  cannot  Ise/p!thfriliirig  . STYLE=superscript  tthit  it  is  a  Very  bad-state  of  the  laW  which  poriniti  persons  thus  so  to  speak,  to  be  prompted  even  to  the  commission  .  of  the  crime:  of  murder.  •  We  knoW  that  on  night  ok  daeidne  itOsas  lbeen  plainly  demonstrated  in'courts  of  jsistine;i  that;  inelf  , STYLE=superscript  restiltS  - STYLE=superscript  -  haste  felloWed  from  -  s  rich  premises;  an  diitibljhovei;  theie  who  'have  infltiened.  in  parliament=4  see  your  forman  is  one  of  the,  rnenibers'for  the  county  of  LancasW  -, STYLE=superscript  and  ,theidore•  I  address  •myself  particularly  to  lairesi-Ltoisbe  whether  they  eannet'by  a  very  easy  and  simple  arfaiiifernent  put  an.  prick  to  the  :  temptation,  and  perhaps,  with  the  temptation,  to  the  crime.  It  is  a  most  simple  alteration  '-whieh  could  be  made,  as  - STYLE=superscript  it  seems  to  me,  for,thes  pltrpose  of  .  -preventing  '  this  offence.  Why  it  lam.  -never'  :been  'done,  Passes  my  comprehension  ;  and  17,-teigkotl:  it--because  1  -do.  not  think  that  anybody  au.gifVto  find  fault  with  the  existing  law,  if  he  cannot,  so soditrtlirieettS  ditrtlirieettS soditrtlirieettS  hie-itttlgrnent,-  ii.  3  6.est  a  better  .tats  of  the  law  thi'll  tiaal  of  which  he  coMplains.  It  seems  to  me  that  this  could  ,lie  '{done  by  :  preventing  money  being  given  for  t*epurpose.  , STYLE=superscript  of  burial,  and  by  compelling  the  clubs  o  bury  the  nienibers  themselves.  They  might  sup supply  ply supply  all  that  was  :  necessary  .  for  the  funeral,  and  bY.tliaf)ineati4  l STYLE=superscript  there-  would  be  no  temptation  to.  the  re,  ..  cipient  as  there  would  be  no  profit  at  all.  There  would  be  no  surplus  money  to  be  handed  over  to  the  family  and,  titurefortc  - STYLE=superscript  ftfrt6friptatioh  *Aid  .be  entirely  taken  away,  if  instead  of  giving  money  in  order  that  the  parents  or  rela relatives  tives relatives  might  burr  perhaps  at  a  cheap  .  ,  ate;  the  persons  who  are  dead,  they  were  compalle,d;tO  furnish,  through  an  under undertklar,lho  tklar,lho undertklar,lho  firdral  requisites,  'more'  Or'less  subject  to  control  accardirkto  the  subscriptions  which  had  been  paid.  That  secysaitonielo.he  an  easy  and  simple  remedy  for  removing  the  temptation  to  this  offence  ;  and:  I  do  hope  'that  I  may  root  speak  in  vain'  upon  'this  subjeCt,  'gentlemen,  With  re-  Spect  to  the  present  case;  of  course  you  will  investigate  it  witklars•lsn  ions  &amp;tire  to  come-:to:  .a  correct  conclusion.  There  are  circumstances  attendant  - STYLE=superscript  on  the  case  .  which  show  the  presence'  of  the  tWo  unhappy  ehilNeii  whO  are  the  sub subiectiof  iectiof subiectiof  the.inquiry  'with  the  prisoner,  and  that  the  prisoner  :tra*  subsequently  found  *ith'sVet  Clothes  Without  the'  chil chil-4ren,  4ren, chil-4ren,  _but  where  they  had  been  threitir  into  the  canal  and  where  they  had  been  both  previously  seen.  _  There  are  other  .  noes  i  iii  I.  „_i  *r  ;asp  .  ~ STYLE=superscript  into  wilsiplis  you  will  ,looV  atten atten-47  -47 atten-47  Astif  they  lead  you  to  a  reasonable  :conclusion  that  tlle  priionerli  guilty  of  the  crime,  you  will  find  the'  bill  and  put  liiM  on  his  trial.  There  is  another  case  of  murder  in  which  it  will  be  necessary  for  you  to  take  into  considera considerationthe  tionthe considerationthe  nature  of  the  circumstance  under  which  it  has  been  committed  ;  for  as  to  the  commission  of  the  offence—either  manslaughter  or  murder—there  cannot  be  a  doubt,  as  it  was  seen  to  be  done.  But  the  question  whether  it  amounts  to  murder  or  manslaughter  will  depend  on  circumstances  to  which  I  beg  to  call  your  attention.  It  is  the  murder  of  a  police-officer  of  this  town  by  a  young  person  who  was  appre apprehended  hended apprehended  Under  circumstances  to  wi3....4  your  attention  shalt  Ls  drawl:.  It  appears  there  was  a  riot,  or  something  of  that  sort,  and  that  a  police-officer  interposed,  and  that  he  was  struck  by  .  the  prisoner  in  attempting  to  apprehend  him,  as  he  had  a  right  to  do,  for  the  misdemeanour  of  which  he  was  then  guilty.  The  officer  then  ,seized  him  and  calling  theldeeeiled'  officer  to  his,  assistance,  they  take  him  into  their  cusfoidy,  end  they  had  him  in  their  .custody-  under  circum circumstance4'  stance4' circumstance4'  if  the  depositions  in  the  case  be  true,  in  which  they  had  aright  tolav,!hini.  He  was  therefore  bound  to  obey  the  law,•  gilt  .  -while  'thus  in  lawful  custody,  he  uses  the  knife,  'stabis  giVen,'  arid  lhopelice-officer  dies  immediately.  I  tun  Wand  to  tell  you  that,  if  these.  facts  be  proved,  it  is  not  marishthghter,  but  murder.  'lt  would  be  manslaughter  if  he  Nirete  .in  'unlawful  custody  ;  for  although  he  had  a  right  4  tesetie'littiSelf  if  - STYLE=superscript  iii  inlaWful  custody,  he  had  no  right  to  do  so  by  killing  _another  person,  unless  that  was  absolutely  necessary:  - STYLE=superscript  It  would  amount  to  manslaughter  if  in  unlawful  custody  7  to  murder,  if  in  lawful  custody  ;  and  that  is  the  pMiit  you  will  - STYLE=superscript  have  to  consider.  In  the  case  of  the  appre apprehension  hension apprehension  .9f  a  felon,  the  officer,  though  he  has  not  seen  the  fdtony'comniitted,  may  .  apprehend,  for  the  purpose  of  bring bringing  ing bringing  up  the  party  to  justice  ;  but  in  the  case  of  a  misde misdewraith*,  wraith*, misdewraith*,  he  can  only  apprehend  on  the  misdemeanour  being'  committed  iii  his  presence.  If  it  be  committed  in  his  absence;  then  he  must  go  to  a  magistrate,  and  act  under  his  warrant.  That  is  the  distinction  between  felony  and  misde misdemt.ationr,  mt.ationr, misdemt.ationr,  and  the'duty  of  the  officer  in  respect  to  these  two  cases.  There  is  another  case  of  a  woman,  who  is  accused  of  miirder,  but  who,  according  to  the  depositions  is  apparently  of  unsound  mind,  .You  will  not  take  that:  into  considera consideration  tion consideration  ;  but  if  yen  are  satisfied  that  the  child  was  killed  by  her,  - STYLE=superscript  -and  looking  at  the  facts  contained  in  the  depositions,  there  seems  to  be  no  reasonable  doubt  of  it,—you  will  find  the  bill,  in  order  that  the  trial  may  take  place,-  and  that  the  proper  result  as  regards  her  state  -of  mind  may  be  ascer ascertained  tained ascertained  in  open  court.  There  is  another  case  to  which  I  shall  also  call  your  attention,  in  which  a  man  is  said  to  have  been  killed  in  the  Calabar  river,  in  Africa,  and  it  being  com committed  mitted committed  by  an  Englishman  abroad,  it  is  within  the  jurisdic jurisdiction  tion jurisdiction  of  the.  Admiralty  ;  but  by  a  late  act  it  may  be  tried  here  in  the  county  of  Lancaster,  or  wherever  else  the  party  maybe,  instead  of  as  formerly  being  tried  at  the  Admiralty AdmiraltyseiSions  seiSions AdmiraltyseiSions  at  the  Old  Bailey.  The  question  will  be  whether  or  not  there  has  been  any  such  man  murdered  either  in  the  place  stated  or  elsewhere.  The  usual  and  cautious  course  of  the  English  law  has  been  not  to  try  any  murder  whatever,  unless  it  be  certain  that  some  body  has  been  murdered.  Now,  you.  must  not  make  pro probable  bable probable  conjectures  as  to  that,  but  you  must  be  first  ---  , STYLE=superscript  e-e  s  --  4-,,  th  e  fact  before  you  inquire  into  who  has  done  it.  The  only  eire&amp;u........,,  , STYLE=superscript  i-  -,  —..,  chow  that  are  to  begleaned  frOm  the  depositions,  and  are  to  this  eueta.—  that  at  about  200  yards  from  the  land  in  the  Calabar  river,  some  of  the  sailors  went  ashore  and  got  into  a  scrape  with  the  natives.  There  was  a  frightful  tumult,  and  the  captain  of  the  ship  came  for  the  purpose  of  .carrying  back  the  sailors  who  had  left  without  leave.  The  unhappy  .  person  about  whose  death,  if  he  be  killed,  we  are  to  inquire,  was  one  of  the.  three  sailors  who  had  thus  left,  and  the  only  evidence  of  his  being  killed  is  that  some  of  the  witnesses,  theflerle  la  that  respect  there  are  others  who  Contesa:..,o  mem,  state  that  they  heard  the  captain  e-Y  wnen  the  man  was  in  the  water  atteriel  4 STYLE=superscript  -5  0,  escape,  then  they  near(  two  guns  fire,  and  that  they  never  saw  the  man  again.  Does  that  entirely  satisfy  you,  the  man  being  only  a  very  short  distance  from  the  shore,  that  he  has  been  killed  at  all?  He'niight  have  swam  ashore  at  another  place  and  landed.  Oi'does  it  satisfy  you  that  he  was  killed  by  the  shot  if  he  was  killed  at  all  ;  for  I  am  told,  and  some  of  you  know  it  better  than  I  do,  that  there  are  adventures  which  happen  in  the  river  on  the  coast  of  Africa,  in  which  persons  are  killed  Whe  are  swimming,  either  by  sharks  or  alligators,  or  animals  of  that  description,  which  frequent  those  rivers.  What  is  there  to  show  that  if  he  be  killed,  that  he  was  killed  by  the  shots  ?  Nobody  .  sees  anything—they  only  hear  the,  shots  fired,  and  the  man  is  not  seen  afterwards.  There  is  contradictory  evidence  in  the  depositions  as  to  whether  any  shots  were  fired  at  all;  but  on  that  I  do  not  speak,  be because  cause because  it  will  be  a  proper  question  for  you  to  consider.  The  case  would  be  somewhat  clear  if  any  one  had  seen  the  man  dead,  and  you  will  therefore  consider  whether,  under  the  existing  circumstances,  it  s  7 STYLE=superscript  vould  be  right  to  put  any  man  ou  his  trial  for  the  crime  of  murder.  It  would  seem  to  me  that  you  would  act  very  rashly  in  so  doine  . STYLE=superscript  ;  for4_  would  be  a  very  a  w  f  u  l  thing  if  a  man  were  executed  in  this  country  to-day,  and  that  the  person  for  whom  he  su(fered  subsequently  arrived  here,  having  escaped  from  Afsaea  with.  life.  .  That  would  be  a  very  awful  thing  ;  and  thqrefore  it  would  be  better  to  wait  fo  r  di  s  ti  nct  evidence  to  sea,  thatove  had  some  person  killed,  before  we  put  any  man  °Otis  trial-fer  murder.  .  There  am  other  matters  in  the  calendar  to  which  it  is  not  necessary  to  call  your  attention  ;  but  there  are  two  classes  of  eases  upon  which  I  shall  say  a  word—not  upon  the  individval  cases,  but  upon  their  cha characier  racier characier  and  number,:  , STYLE=superscript  I  find  no  fewer  than  seventeen  cases  of  stabbing.  -Among  eighty-three  prisoners,  there  are  sevesiteen  who:  are  accused  of  the  offence  of  stabbing  ;  a  nd  I  hay  ;  e  beenfuthished,  I  am  sorry  to  say  it,  by  parties  who  have  Wien  pains  to  inquire  into  the  matter,  with  very  satis satisfac,tory  fac,tory satisfac,tory  evidence  to  show  that  this  crime  is  increasing  in  a  most  enormous  extent  in  this  country.  In:  the  course  of  the  lastpthree  years  the  gutilber  of  such  cases  was  this—from  184  to  Igsl,  there  were  77  persons  accused  of  this  offence  iu  this  country  ;  from  1861  to  1852,  62  ;  and  in  the  present  ."
