text
",  and  we  of  the  3n  per  cent  Money  Market  if  Her  MAJ  ESTY  :y  spi  f  that  support  which  they  have  so  nobly  afforded  m  there  never  was  au  age  when  the  generous  impulses  of  patriotism  flowed  through  the  veins  of  the  British  hen  there  was  a  firmer  resolve  in  the  mind  to  uphold  the  honour  and  dignity  of  nation,  or  public  the  Emp  But  there  is  something  more  an  assurance  that  the  people  will  a  upon  to  make  too  great  exertions  intact  not  be  c  England  is  capable  of  any  n.t  that  can  be  de_  manded  of  genius  livalry,  and  numbers,  provided  her  industry  be  tained,  and  some  increased  means  be  5  given  to  the  people  to  bear  up  under  on.  Assimilating  the  commercial  laws  war  taxati  of  other  parts  of  the  of  Scotland,  with  thos  - STYLE=superscript  United  Kingdom,  simplifying  t  ship  to  render  the  employment  ounce  —Mr.  r  Cain,  ,  Muster  ter  Buell  They,  therefore,  announce  I  d,Car.  dvam  rtes  of  interest  on  deposits.  ;Inns  rch  s  of  Threadneedle-  Vl  of  the  subject  [\&#34;l'l  nen  who  were  present  on  t.  the  late  John  Mona,  Was  adduced,  the  cast  the  prosecution  an  of  will  from  Chester,  and  for  other  evicem,..  THE  BRIDGEWATER  CANAL.—After  a  negotiation,  which  has  been  pending  for  some  time  past,  the  Bridgewater  trustees  have  entered  into  an  agreement  to  lease  the  Bridge Bridgewater  water Bridgewater  Canal  and  the  Old  Quay  Navigation  to  the  North  Staffordshire  Railway  Company  for  a  long  term.  By  this  arrangement  the  company  have  secured  a  terminus  in  Liverpool,  with  the  dock  uccommodaion  and  warehousing  room  :  they  have  opened  a  direct  and  free  communication  between  the  Mersey  and  the  Humber  ;  and,  s  o  f  ar  as  regards  the  Liverpool  traffic,  they  have  rendered  them themselves  selves themselves  in  a  great  measure  independent  of  the  London  and  North-Western  Company.  LIST  OP  PASSENGERS  PER  ATLANTIC.--F.  A.  Letty,  John  Black,  T.  Pullman,  G.  P.  Canney,  P.  Malartie,  J.  Duther,  Mr.  De  la  Mare  and  friend,  Mrs.  Jehu.  and,  Mrs,  .Barry,,  Lieut.  WWI,  R.  t3.-Osborne,  Mr.  and:-Miss  MosleY,Mde.l  Perria  and  friend,  Mr.  and  r&amp;  Wade,  child,  and  servant,  H.  Schandorff,  S.  Brush,  L.  G.  Fawteux,  Mr.  Pomeroy  and  friend,  J.  A.  Van  Amburgh,  H.  Biglow,  Mr.  Hirchfield,  Dr.  C.  M.  Fitch,  B.  Wallace,  Rev.  William  Arthur,  L.  Hall,  B.  H  an  l  an  d  ,  S  .  Millikin,  Jun.,  C.  Beaudoin,  i.  Palmer,  J.  Su  t  t  on  ,  M  rs.  Gi  ll,  S.  Lopenheimn,  L.  Stowinhazer  J.  Argues,  wife,  and  three  child  ren  ,  J  .  O'B  r  i  en,  J.  McCullock  , STYLE=superscript  Thomas  Meycock,  Mr.  Melon,  Mr.  Arecs,  G.  &amp;  A.  Bouillon,  W.  De  Orsay,  T.  A.  Biddle,  G.  C.  Thomas,  H.  Stowell  Jun.,  J.  Freel,  M.  Schiner,  H.  Mason,  William  Farmer,  J.  Davis  and  Miss  Beasley,  F.  Ansley,  T.  Dewdney,  W.  D.  M'Kim,  C.  Robertson,  Mr.  Overman,  H.  Ifoysen,  Mr.  and  Mrs.  James  Brown,  H.  Knecht.  CORONER'S  INQUESTS.—The  Coroner  held  an  inquest  yesterday  on  the  body  of  a  child,  eighteen  months  old,  named  Egan,  who  came  by  its  death  from  being  scalded.  The  following  is  the  evidence  of  the  child's  father,  a  ticket ticketof-leave  of-leave ticketof-leave  man,  of  the  name  of  Patrick  Egan,  who  stated  :  I  had  the  deceased  on  my  knee  when  it  was  scalded.  My  wife  and  I  were  both  in  drink  at  the  time.  We  both  are  in  the  habit  of  drinking.  I  cannot  do  without  drink.  I  take  drink  for  the  good  of  my  health.  I  never  go  to  bed  times  mtetehtely  d  it  ec  h  e  e  a  n  sed  w  withoutti  being  d  run  k  .  M  y  w  i  fe  don  '  t  get  drunk  as  often  as  the  o STYLE=superscript  ngh  li  she  only  g  e  t  s  d  runk  sometimes.  We  had  no  quarrel  ewaraes  b  s  o  c  t  a  h  ld  d  ed  ru  .  nk  W  .  e  ir  d  h  o  d  fight  some some•n  •n some•n  a  buri  a  l  c  üb,  coroner  and  th  e  strong  terms.  The  verdict  died  of  injuries,  and  I  exp  ec  t  to  getn  by  his  death.  The  e  eceased  is  '  jury  cen  sured  the  conduct  of  the  man  in  nries,  reeeivedetwhilst  the  par  en  t  s  were  d  run  k  .—  The  coro  ner  h  e  l  d  four  other  ,  children,  but  th  e  details  sverevoid  of  interest.  LIVERPOOL  CATItoLIG  'MT  members  of  this  Institute  held  their  evening,  the  Concert-hall,  Lord  Nelson  -street.  annual  soiree  in  the  and  on  the  There  was  a  large  ner  intention  .  were  provided.  Mr.  J.  B.  Aeninall  occ•  •  entertainments  ond  what  may  the  course  of  the  evening  the  Rev.W._tn  fed  the  chair.  In  y  D.  Anderton  delivered  interests,  an  address  on  in  town  and  ealletry  ;''  and  the  ard  for  the  great  ,  Rev.  H  Marshal  on  a  tor  the  ogle,  ~  Empire,  '  The  dignity  of  the  evening's  entertainment  was  diversified  by  varioul  sous  e  and  Bank  of  England  were  recitations  by  the  pupils;  amongst  the  latter  was  desirability  of  ladies  be:  Inc  , STYLE=superscript  iato  ne  o  n  a  -  .  the  Ti  on  ,,  a  further  riso  in  the  rates  of  Commons  d  •  during  the  progress  of  bus'  - STYLE=superscript  ass  in  l  ,  w  nen  ?..10  ,s  on  the  deposit  of  stock.  f  o  ll  ow  i  ng  pupils  took  a  part  -  -  '—e  •  A  public  Master  Ca  , STYLE=superscript  clamour  had  deterred  ney.  Minisrerialist  r  !:  •  noting,  a  further  increase  in  Thompson,  Master  Master  M'Ael'  kia3ter  Ahearn,  :Morgan  Ismer  M'Ardle,  ion  was  cart  The  ;not  enactrneut  ig  was  apent.  by  Val)"
