text
"he  secon  The  Rev.  W.  BROWNE,  senior,  dca  _  4  p  Ile  said  he  could  not  but  feel  deeply  rejoicetd  5060  oppoftunity,  before  he  left  that  country  ar  i STYLE=superscript  bei  s  sion,  of  meeting  so  many.  Sa  bb  a  th  school  teac  to  d  himself  left  the  ranks  of  the  Sabbath  sell  °° STYLE=superscript  ,l  3  i4  prepare  for  the  great  and  glorious  work  ill,  t  pti  about  to  be  engaged.  He  knew  others  Ida°  '''ad  sae STYLE=superscript  foreign  missions,  year  after,  most  diligently  5  ,0  who  had  come  from  the  ranks  of  the  Sabha  w  t  ers.  (Applause.)  He  could  not  but  feel  tha  ,  fts  the  teachers,  and  that  of  his  brethren  of'  the  r  e  e  f  the  same.  In  speaking  of  them  he  always  `t  heir  b`.  as  one,  because  their  object,  their  triumph`'  their  IllotiVeB  were  all  the  same.  (Applause.)  as  alike  the  salvation  of  the  perishing  soul.  It  Iv STYLE=superscript  i  t  id  work  to  which  they  had  devoted  themselve  s. STYLE=superscript  c  a  teach  the  child  bow  to  read,  or  to  repeat  tbe  l  the  verses  of  his  hymns.  They  wanted  nothir  bring  the  sinner,  who  was  dead  through  tre STYLE=superscript  i  sP STYLE=superscript  ;:  life  and  to  an  union  with  Christ.  (Loud  aPP',III  an  eloquent  speech  the  rev.  gentleman  con  cliwe STYLE=superscript  ing  the  resolution,  which  was  adopted.  The  proceedings  then  terminated.  THE  COTTON  - STYLE=superscript  SPINNERS'  TdTi  WIGAN-PROBABLE  TERI  II STYLE=superscript  -  hv STYLE=superscript  THE  DISP,UTEr.  We  have  much  gratification  in  being  a  ble STYLE=superscript  tfl  from  a  correspondence  which  has  taken  place  b  e STYLE=superscript  the  principal  master'  cotton  spinners  in  Wig  eTh STYLE=superscript  v  employed  by  him,  the  difference  between  the  r°'  and  their  hands  are  likely  to  be  adjusted,  It  is,  perhaps,  necessary  to  state  that  the  call°  uto  at  Wigan  having  been  closed  is  to  be  attributed  to  rative  spinners  themselies.  They  demanded  .1  an  advance  of  10  per  cent  upon  the  114 STYLE=superscript  hen  receiving,  and  several  of  the  masters  ir°  to  concede  this  advance,  but  subsequently  the  l  e STYLE=superscript  i  creased  their  demand,  from  10  to  20  per  cent•  was  resisted  and  the  closing  of  the  mills  was  tile  Mr.  N.  Eckersley,  the  presgnt  Mayor  of  NOP  i STYLE=superscript  those  in  his  employ,  when  they  first  demande  d STYLE=superscript  ;  cent.  advance,  that  he  would  give  it  to  ta  the  notice  expiring,  the  twenty  per  cent.  was  ;  refused  ;  Mr.  Eckersley  stating,  however,  tb  willingly  .e  10.  per  cent  Fro'ra'ttie  information  which  our  reporter  V;;;  J  i  glean  by  a  brief  visit  to  Wigan  yesterday  as  have  .good  reason  to  'believe  that  all  tk  ie  again  be  at  work  in  the  course  of  nes  t STYLE=superscript  Eckersley  has  invited  the  hands  in  his  e  mploy/  this  day,  with  a  view  to  an  adjustment  of  th  e STYLE=superscript  c  ;  between  them,  and  we  understand  there  is  t  bility  that  the  hands  will  resume  work  on  Moan  on  the  terms  which  Mr.  Eckersley  as  t  ° STYLE=superscript  viz,  an  advance  of  ten  per  cent  on  the  wage'  paid.  -  Messrs.  Henry  Woods  and  Co.,  Mr.  Rylan  ce STYLE=superscript  '  leading  employers,  have  also  agreed  to  re-op  on  similar  terms,  and  it  is  believed  that  01° STYLE=superscript  decide  the  course  to  be  taken  by  the  rest  of  spinners  in  Wigan  THE  COLLIERS.  O  $V  We  regret  to  state  that  th  e  diff  erences  beticee4  and  their  employers  remain  in  the  same  unsau:4  l STYLE=superscript  as  they  did  a  week  ago,  and  at  present  there  st  pect  of  a  settlement.  The  leading  coal  owil,  e STYLE=superscript  t  ;  Earl  of  Balcarres  at  th  e  i  r  h  ea  d,  arc  resolvea,  t)  demands  of  the  colliers,  and  we  understans  termined  is  his  lord  s  hip  i  n  hi  s  opposition  t  ° STYLE=superscript  o  o4  movement  of  the  men,  that  he  h  a  s  given  instril  agents  to  eject  from  their  occupancy  of  the  col!  Haigh  estate,  all  the  colliers  who  are  raise  a STYLE=superscript  „,/  present  movement.  Meanwhile,.  by  the  eicfrO  men,  and  others,  who  have  some  slight  kil°  l( STYLE=superscript  o  d  colliery  business,  we  learn  that.  about  100  to  ng STYLE=superscript  now  being  raised  daily  on  the  Haigh  estates.  1(  The  master  colliers  meet  on  Friday  next,  .at  until  that  time,  the  probability  is,  that  nothiPS  be  decided  upon.  _  .  LANCASHIRE,  YaRKSHI  4  1  CHESHIRE  LABOUR  LEA'  A  public  meeting  of  the  inhabitants  of  01a  lt STYLE=superscript  ;  in  the  Hall  of  Science,  in  that  town,  on  for  the  purpose  of  hearing  an-  explanation  of  c  and  objects  of  the  Labour  League  receo.  There  was  a  numerous  attendance.  Mr.  J.  B.  HORSFALL,  hating  been  unaninVll  the  Mr.  JOHN  HULL,  of  Padiham,  near  Bura  le STYLE=superscript  •ac  to  the  meeting  that  Mr.  W.  B.  Ferrand,  of  O  ar STYLE=superscript  Yorkshire,  and  formerly  M.P.  for  Knaresborobte  have  been  present  at  the  meeting,  had  he  not  e  well  that  at  that  i  nsmi  since  cr  e  u  y  under  c  er  attended  us  himedv  e  d  r  e  gne  an  hl  meeting  Mr.  SAMUEL  W.  KxmD,  of  Norwood,  Surr  t  e STYLE=superscript  ;  .  the  ad  meeting  objects  o  a  f  t  t  g  r  h  o  eat  a  l  b  e  o  n  u  g  r  t  h  League.  g  e  u  x  e  P  .  °  n STYLE=superscript  n  d STYLE=superscript  n STYLE=superscript  e  s  g  a  and  he  remembered  ceittiriwgasiosotrahoewno.  those  demonstrations  of  public  feeling  which  'ca  in  this  country,  and  resulted  from  what  :It  that  sion  of  trade.  He  also  remembered  that  me  n,  of  hungry  men  of  Oldham  looked  the  well-l  e STYLE=superscript  '  v  is  somewhat  angrily  in  the  face.  Since  then  what  i  n  our  country  was  called  a  period  oh  '  was,  they  had  had  a  period  of  spasmodic  CO  '  l STYLE=superscript  tivity  ;  a  period  during  which  the  energies  talists,  :and  the  enduring  properties  of  our  11 STYLE=superscript  ,4  been  tested  to  the  fullest  extent.  But  there,'&#34;  this  country,  and  he  was  one'  of  them,  who  W'  conviction  that  this  period  of  prosperity  va  close.  He  remarked  as  he  travelled  throughon.  and  the  adjoining  county  of  York,  that  mills  hap  existence  since  he  last  visited  those  districts.  t  that  many  factories  had  been  built,  and  ife.,,  6  with  machinery,  where  there  were  no  factorle  ago.  He  observed  that  the  walls  of  some  f  9 STYLE=superscript  ,'  e  built,  which  walls  were  not  yet  fitted  with  ma  c STYLE=superscript  biP  o  li  toi  e  ind  re:  tl  b  r  o STYLE=superscript  e  i  b  i  o  he  knew  that  from  this  date  twelve  months  0  , STYLE=superscript  could  be  borrowed  from  the  Bank  of  England',  e  pt  :  cial  transactions,  at  from  2  to  21  and  3  per  v  )  now  knew  that  the  rate  of  discount  at  the  land  was  five  per  cent.,  and  as  the  C  O STYLE=superscript  il STYLE=superscript  t)'  were,  to  a  great  extent,  dependent  upol  o  o,  of  England,  the  probability  was,  that  their  not  borrow  money  from  them  at  a  less  rate  tho•r,  t  or  perhaps  even  7  per  cent.,  so  that  there  depression  in  the  commercial  market  so  far  were  concerned.  There  were  other  circunisto  warranted  the  belief,  that  the  cloud  now  hover  i STYLE=superscript  bo  l  might  increase  in  intensity,  and  envelope  the  commercial  and  manufactuiing  atmosphere.  Pips  ceeded  to  observe,  that  in  periods  of  prosperiti  t  it  4 STYLE=superscript  classes  of  this  country  were  almost  worked  to  that  in  periods  of  adversity  were  aline-  t  o  death.  -Now,  he  entertained  the  conviction,  01 STYLE=superscript  0  3 STYLE=superscript  0  1. STYLE=superscript  these  two  states  was  beneficial  for  the  health,  ee  or  advancement  generally,  of  the  working  classe  s STYLE=superscript  ;  o  ti  that  excess  of  labour,  and  that  want  of  labour  , STYLE=superscript  f  i  most  serious  evils.  le  had  studied  this  questse_A  of  his  humble  ability,  and  he  had  long  entertai  l STYLE=superscript  t,  that  the  question  of  labour,  capital,  and  et  stituted  the  great  question  in  reference  to  d  comfort,  and  welfare  of  the  working  people  CO  try.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  then  proceeded  to  e  i  oi  there  ought  to  be  established  by  the  leg  boards  of  trade,  composed  of  masters  an  employers  and  employed,  for  the  purpose  of  se  a  t  ferences  that  might  arise  between  the  capin  workmen  in  his  employment.  He  said,  they  ha  ti!  of  two  systems  the  first  of  unrestricted  eetr  e  te'  then  there  had  been  a  trial  of  the  ten  hours  lation  Act.  Now,  he  asked,  which  of  the  tice  te  `  i  i  '  been  most  advantageous.?  (Shouts  of  If  the  first  was  right,  the  last  was  wrong;  ll„,,,isa`  right,  the  first  was  wrong.  The  Factory  B  e STYLE=superscript  bd:  he  knew,  and  they  knew,  had  been  a  most  be  - STYLE=superscript  50  sure—no  measure  had  been  passed  which  sca  s STYLE=superscript  t  .V  culated  to  improve  the  condition  of  the  1v,,,Q  5  (Hear,  hear.)  And  he  could  not  but  express  listening  to  the  advocacy  in  the  House  of  Cen  j STYLE=superscript  fof  Ten  Hours'  Act  by  the  two  honourable  m  eniber  s STYLE=superscript  ,  e  He  thought  it  was  an  honour  and  a  credit  to  tPoic  the  borough  of  Oldham,  that  they  had  sent  ticebie.  Parliament.  And  he  was  glad  that  the  honera  told  the  House  of  Commons  that  the  Ten  geL  A  , STYLE=superscript  10,;  wise,  ;a  beneficent,  and  a  just  measure,  a  n STYLE=superscript  of'  effected  much  good  in  improving  the  conditioad  stituents.  (Hear;  hear.)  He  took  his  sta  l STYLE=superscript  l.  ;  principle,  for  the  protection  of  labour,  1110,0  tinguished  from  unrestricted•  com  p  e  tition.  new  matter  to  him  ;  again  and  again  had  n  e STYLE=superscript  f  same  town  of  Oldham  that  the  doctrine  '  n  l  l;  c4  competition  was  wrong  •  again  and  again  ill  •—•  towns  of  England,  and  Scotland,  had  he  proc.  o  l4  doctrine  of  unrestricted  competition  washe  theory  and  experience.  And  it  was  a  part  i  .lpied,  the  Labour  League  to  extend  the  Pri  lj STYLE=superscript  g  c STYLE=superscript  boa  i STYLE=superscript  tection  to  labour.  He  did  not  see  why  there'  09  striction  of  the  hours  of  labour  in  factor  to  icsf  tbe  j  t, STYLE=superscript  same  benefit  should  not  be  extended  ,  bakers  of  London.  .  (Cheers.)  He  contend  ecl STYLE=superscript  a  s  workers  were  as  much  entitled  to  of  „bp)!  children,  and  that  it  was  the  duty  of  the  le%)A  a  law  securing  that  protection.  (Hears  A  ll STYLE=superscript  length  he  argued  that  it  was  the  duty  0  1  •  vince  of  the  legislature  to  establish  .  I° STYLE=superscript  3  olr  trade.  At  the  conclusion  of  Mr.  Kydd'  s STYLE=superscript  iv  questions  were  put  to  him,  which  he  to?  and  most  satisfactory  manner.  Y  la  ce STYLE=superscript  the  After  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  chairman  , STYLE=superscript  rated.  ting  Last  (Friday)  night  a  similar  nlee  - STYLE=superscript  t  /I  Stockport  COLLISION  IN  THE  RivEß.—On  rIC STYLE=superscript  10 STYLE=superscript  ship  Colonist,  from  Quebec,  came  into  n  ol STYLE=superscript  r,  with  one  of  the  steam-tugs,  belonging  tO STYLE=superscript  .  cab  le STYLE=superscript  Company.  The  tug  sustained  very  consul  was  taken  shortly  afetr  into  the  Union  D°G"
