text
"THE  REV.  H.  S.  BROWN'S  LECTURE.  On  last  evening,  the  Rev.  Mr.  Brown  delivered,  in  the  Concert  Hall,  Lord  Nelson-street,  another  of  the  series  of  lectures  which  he  purposes  giving  on  the  Religions  of  the  Eastern  World.  The  subject  of  last  night's  lecture  was,  The  Greek  Church  —its  The  rev.  gentleman  commenced  his  discourse  by  briefly  sketching  the  events  which  led  to  the  establishment  of  Constantinople  by  *L„  Emperor  Constantine  on  his  conversion  to.  Having  marked  out  the  bounds  of  b;,.  —.Line  city,  he  deter determined  mined determined  that  it  should  Jiro.  L.,  1)011nd-hand  in  magnificence,  and  accoril;no.3.7  cue  old  cities  of  Greece,  which  had  then  n)  ,I,,Lies  left  them  but  their  ruins,  were  searched  from  end  to  end,  in  order  that  their  remaining  treasures  in  art  and  sculpture  might  be  transferred  from  their  once  glorious  shores  to  those  of  the  Golden  And  among  the  treasures  which  were  thus  removed  was  a  colossal  Apollo,  by  Phidias,  and  least  it  might  be  in  any  measure  suggestive  of  Paganism  it  was  christened  Con Constantine,  stantine, Constantine,  aua  •ae  for  a  fair  fac  simile  of  its  namesake.  At  that  time  the  great  dom  were  those  of  Rome,  Alexandria,  and  Antioch.  The  bishop  of  the  newly-found  city,  Constantinople,  was  placed  second  in  the  list,  and  although  the  bishop  of  Rome  was  still  first,  yet  he  was  exceedingly  exasperated  by  the  proximity  of  his  rival  ;  and  he  was  still  more  exasperated  when  at  a  succeeding  council  in  451  of  the  eastern  bishops,  it  was  decreed  that  both  bishops  should  be  equal  in  dignity  and  all  other  respects,  inasmuch  as  both  cities  were  of  equal  lustre.  From  that  period  might  be  dated  the  commence commencement  ment commencement  of  that  tremendous  struggle  which  lasted  for  about  1000  years,  in  which  those  two  great  heads  of  Christendom,  instead  of  paying  the  slightest  attention  to  the  spread  of  a  pure  and  refined  religion,  busied  themselves,  from  one  generation  to  another,  in  endeavouring  to  establish  their  own  supremacy.  Each  took  the  title  of  ectiminital,  or  uni universal  versal universal  bishop,  and  each  in  turn  excommunicated  the  other  and  his  followers.  The  dispute  still  waging,  Pope  Leo  addressed  to  the  Emperor  Leo,  the  Isorian,  a  letter,  which  seemed  to  be  a  foreshadow  of  the  haughty  manner  in  which  popes  afterwards  learned  to  address  kings  and  princes  of  the  world.  In  this  communication  he  observed  that  the  holy  letters  were  sufficient  for  the  emperor's  con confusion,  fusion, confusion,  and  that  in  opposition  to  his  force  they  could  only  pray  God  to  send  him  a  devil  for  the  destruction  of  his  body,  and  the  salvation  of  his  soul.  This  was  one  of  the  first  papal  bulls  issued  against  the  emperor,  and  simply  be because  cause because  he  smashed  a  few  images  of  the  Virgin  and  saints.  But  while  this  dispute  was  raging,  another  controversy  arose  which  was  almost  likely  to  rend  Christendom  asunder,  and  this  controversy  depended  on  two  little  words  which  had  been  introduced  into  the  Nicene  Creed.  The  rev.  lecturer  then  described  the  famous  controversy  between  the  eastern  and  western  churches  on  the  words  filioque,  and  observed,  that  had  the  emperor  given  back  supremacy  to  the  Pope  of  Rome,  he  would  have  considered  this  matter  of  very  little  consequence,  indeed.  He  (the  lecturer)  did  not  take  up  the  cause  of  either  church.  He  believed  there  was  very  little  difference  between  them.  They  were  both  essentially  bad  ;  for  popes,  patriarchs,  bishops,  and  nearly  all  the  parsons  into  the  bargain,  were  unprincipled  men,  and  were,  without  exception,  Christianised  pagans,  or  rather  blackguards;  and  that  was  all  we  could  say  about  them.  The  lecturer  then  described  how  the  Greek  patriarchs  and  Whops,  taking  their  cue  from  the  emperors,  were  at  one  times  furious  Icono Iconoclasts  clasts Iconoclasts  ;  and  again  equally  as  violentwc,z violentwc,z-shippers  shippers violentwc,z-shippers  ;  and  how,  in  one  instancet  , STYLE=superscript  .on.q  emperor.  ;I,  I  I  A  being,  if  he  might  use  a  vulgar  expression  uucitmection  with  -,;;;;  so  august  a  personage,  's  mada,--np.  ones  about;  seizing  upon  some  silver  images  of  the  it  d  Saints,,  an  d  converting  them  into  (Laughter,)  this  the.:;,-  3 STYLE=superscript  )'•  emperor  was  excommunicated,  and,  as  lia  l STYLE=superscript  lse:re•W  quence,  he  and  his  successors  became  theCoes  •  own  defence.  They  caused  their  interpretations  •  ceived  under  pain  of  death,  until  at  length  one  emperor  threatened  to  cut  off  the  head  of  any  man  who  said  a  word  on  either  side  of  the  subject.  The  lecturer  then  described  the  temporising  policy  of  the  emperors,  until  at  length  Con Constantinople  stantinople Constantinople  fell  beneath  the  power  of  the  Turk;  after  which  the  Popes  of  Rome  never  renewed  the  controversy  with  the  Eastern  Church.  The  lecturer  here  observed  that  he  consi considered  dered considered  the  Turks  acted  then  with  great  generosity  and  tolera toleration  tion toleration  to  the  vanquished  ;  and  in  order  to  show,  in  a  future  lecture,  the  nature  of  the  right  which  the  Emperor  of  Russia  claims  as  protector  of  the  Greek  Church,  briefly  sketched  the  growth  of  Russia,  and  its  thorough  conversion  to  Chris Christianity  tianity Christianity  under  Peter  the  Great.  In  the  first  instance,  it  re received  ceived received  a  metropolitan  from  the  Greek  Patriarch;  but  on  the  fall  of  Constantinople,  an  independent  Russian  Patriarch  was  appointed.  The  Russian  church  then  grew  in  wealth,  until  it  was  finally  confiscated  under  Catherine  the  Second,  the  Patriarchate  abolished,  and  bishops  and  priests  put  upon  a  fixed  salary.  In  approving  of  this  change,  he  did  not  mean  to  praise  the  Russian  church.  It  was  not  other  now  than  what  it  formerly  was,  and  that  was  not  saying  much,  for  worse  it  could  not  be.  (The  rev.  gentleman  was  warmly  applauded  throughout  and  at  the  conclusion  of  the  lecture.)  BANKRUPTS.  .  -  From  the  London  Gazette  of  last  night.  Thomas  Rolph,  builder,  Lees  Mews,  Upper  Brook-street,  Grosvenor-square,  Middlesex.  Charles  Geal,  grocer,  East-row,  Kensal  New-town,  Middlesex.  Robert  Walker,  grocer,  Staley-bridge,  Lancaster.  Douglas  Bradbury,  builder,  Derby.  Henry  Reading,  draper,  Birmingham,  Warwick.  Michael  Robinson,  linen-draper,  Halifax,  Yorkshire."
