text
"aspect  of  the  country  generally,  one  would  have  man  would  have  thought  that  attempted  to  heap  additional  embargoes  on  the  lequal  c  As  it  is,  upon  the  bondholders  and  ratepayers  the  weight  of  all  we  see  going  on  must  inevitably  fall  ;  and  until  they  take  up  the  question  with  becoming  spirit,  the  present  prodigal  system  will  be  continued  with  impunity  in  the  cotton  trade  who  pay  El()  per  year  in  Dock  rates,  should  apply  for  the  Dock  Committee's  annual  accounts,  and  resist  the  advance  I  mad  Committee  Those  by  shewing  that  the  increased  rate  is  required  -only  •  •  their  recklessly  extraya-  sustain  hem  in  gant  course,  at  a  period  when  every  branch  of  trade  is  depressed  to  the  last  degree.  On  close  investi investigation  gation investigation  of  the  Dock  Committee's  career  as  ivLuehouse  builders,  and  the  administration  of  the  Dock  Estate  generally,  it  will  be  found  that  if  something  is  not  done  to  check  them  in  their  onward  race,  all  those  interested  in  the  Do-k  property  will  be  wholly  beggared,  or  the  rates  raised  to  such  a  level  as  to  drive  away  two-thirds  of  the  trade  of  the  Mersey.  Let  any  business  man  the  port  s  of  the  Dock  Committee's  accounts  eatly  mistake  any  o  hole  o  ert  Dock  a  department  it  we  need  Let  1:  of  particularise  o  through  the  their  ac  ordinar  shortly,  and  separate  the  jobs  from  a  new  English  version,  of  am  expenditure  of  Dock  management  AND  TOXT  and  he  will  at  once  discover  how  it  comes  that  the  Committee  are  forced  to  add  ten  per  cent.  to  the  Dock  Rates  at  a  season  of  unparalleled  depression  in  the  business  of  the  port  and  the  country  generally.  lished  Tf  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.-LIVERPOOL,  THURSDAY,  JANUARY  3,  1856.  with  recitatives  to  connect  the  various  scenes,  and  render  the  whole  available  as  an  oratorio,  was  written  expressly  for  her  Majesty  by  Mr.  W.  Bartholomewl  the  music  of  the  recitatives  being  com composed  posed composed  by  Mr.  W.  G.'Cusins.  The  marriage  of  Sir  Robert  Peel  with  Lady  Emily  Hay  is  postponed  from  to-morrow  until  the  17th  instant.  The  Duchess  of  Wellington  will  celebrate  the  event  by  a  grand  breakfast  in  the  Waterloo  Gallery  at  Apsley  _4,__  The  Atlantic  sailed  yesterday  from  Cork,  at  -0  a.m.,  the  injury  done  to  her  cylinder  having  been  repaired.  STTDDE  N  DEATH.—On  Tuesday  Anne  Barry,  the  a  marine  store  dealer,  residing  in  Queen-street,  dead  in  bed.  The  daughter  of  the  deceased  states  that  s.  had  not  been  sober  a  single  day  for  the  'last  three  years  An  inquest  will  be  held'on  the  body  this  day.  wife  of  was  foam  ACCIDENTAL  DEATHS.—On  the  18th  December  a  child,  named  Thomas  Johnston,  four  years  old,  was  scalded  in  Ford-street,  and  died  yesterday  from  the  effects.—For  the  last  five  weeks  a  woman,  named  Eliza  Bridge,  has  been  missing,  and  yesterday  her  body  was  found  in  the  canal.—  ponula  'ETH  HOSPITA  -WE'  MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL.  JAN.  2ND,  1856.  —ln  patients.:-discharged  :  Cured,  10  ;  relieved,  2;  at  own  request,  2  ;  irregular,  1.  Dead,  0  ;  entered,  14  ;  under  treatment,  59.  Out  patients  :  Cured,  38  ;  entered,  60  ;  under  treatment,  40.  Treasurer,  James  Houghton,  Esq.  Visitors,  the  Rev.  J.  Robberds,  and  C.  Challinor,  Esq.  Honorary  chaplain,  Rev.  D.  T.  Barry,  B.A.  Physicians  and  surgeons  for  the  week,  Dr.  Cameron,  and  Dr.  Petrie.  House  surgeons,  Mr.  Charles  Royston,  and  Mr.  E.  C.  Garland.  LIVERPOOL,  WEDNESDAY  EVENIXG.  PLUNDER  Br  ♦  SERVANT.—Last  week,  an  elegantly  attired  female  was  brought  before  the  magistrates  on  a  charge  of  having  plundered  a  Mrs.  Miers,  of  Sherwood Sherwoodstreet,  street, Sherwoodstreet,  of  a  quantity  of  property,  value  £l4.  The  details  of  the  case  appeared  in  our  paper.  She  was  yesterday  brought  up  again.  She  gave  her  name  as  Emma  Richard Richardson,  son, Richardson,  and  said  she  had  formerly  resided  at  the  Bee,  the  Waterloo,  and  other  respectable  hotels  in  town.  The,  depositions  were  taken,  and  the  prisoner  fully  committed  for  trial  at  the  sessions.  re  .0'  r  Ty4N.r.n  CAPTURE  OF  A  BASE  COIN  CONSIGNEE.--FOT  some  time  past  we  have  been  in  the  habit  of  cautioning  the  public  against  base  coin,  a  large  amount  of  which  is  in  circulation.,  Yesterday  morning  detective  officer  Scaife  made  a  disCovery  , STYLE=superscript  that  will  probably  lead  to  important  results.  He  met  a  female  in  Lime-street,  and  as  he  knew  her  to  be  what,  in  slang  parlance,  is  called  a  is,  a  person  who  receives  consignments  of  base  coin,  and  distributes  it  to  others  who  are  called  putters  arrested  her.  On  being  searched  at  the  Central  Station,  30  base  crown  pieces  were  found  on  her  person.  The  coins  are  of  superior  make,  and  so  well  executed  as  to  deceive  even  an  experienced  person.  The  prisoner  was  sent  for  trial,  DISSOLUTIONS  OF  PARTNERSHIP.—T.  Marwood  and  J.  Marwood,  Whitby,  Yorkshire,  ship  and  insurance  brokers.  J.  Johnson  and  Mary  Robinson,  Liverpool,  lime  burners.  H.  Schutt  and  W.  D.  Hertz,  Bradford,  Yorkshire,  yarn  merchants.  -  C.  Stoess  and  E.  Pietet,  Liverpool,  merchants.  W.  J.  Tinker  and  N.  Longshaw,  Jun.,  Manchester,  corn.  mission  agents.  E.  Grah  am  W.  Eastwood,  W.  Hutchin  son,  and  J.  Wallis,  T  o  tt  i  ngton  Lower  End,  Lancashire  cotton  spinners,  so  far  as  regards  E.  Graham.  C.  Braune  and  S.  Schuhman,  Manchester,  commission  agents.  D.  Pullitt  and  S.  Dewey,  Manchester,  engravers.  J.  Nixon  and  G.  Gibson,  Newcastle-upon:Tyne,  wine  and  spirit  merchants.  There  'has  been'  no:  . STYLE=superscript  -change  in  the  .  tone  - STYLE=superscript  of  the  Cotton  Miirliet  to  - STYLE=superscript  day,  - STYLE=superscript  and  only  a  small  amount  of  business  has  been  done,  thef  sales  amounting  to  6000  bales,  the  whole  of  which  have  been  taken  by  the  'trade.  -  Prices  remain  steady.  The  Liverpool  Share  Market  has  been  eces ecessively  sively ecessively  dull  at  a  further  decline,  and  in  the  absence  Pf  business  there  has  been  no  disposition  to  take  advantage  of  the  decline.  There  was  no  Change  whatever.  at  .the  close,  prices  leaving  off  Steady  about  the  lowest  point.  Aberdeen,  111  112.  Ches.  ter  and  Birkenhead,  131  131.  Caledonian,  26Z  27.  Chester  and  Holyhead,  11  111.  Eastern  Coun Counties,  ties, Counties,  81  S.  East  Lancashire,  17H  171.  Great  Northern,  22  22.  .Ditto  A,  91  94.  Great  WeStern,  53  521.  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Stock,  761  761.  Liverpool,  Crosby;  'and  Southport,  13-  14.  Lon London  don London  and  North  Western  Stock,  931  94.  Manches Manchester,  ter, Manchester,  Sheffield  and  'Lincoln,  231  2n.  Ditto  PNfer PNference,  ence, PNference,  134-  13  . STYLE=superscript  1.  Ditto  New  6  per  cent  Pref.,  7-16  Ip.  Midland  Steelc;j6ll  631.  North  British,.  7  3-10  :  7  5-16.  North  Staffordshire,  8  81d.  South  Eastern,  MORE  FESTIVITIES.—The  workmen  in  the  employ  o  f STYLE=superscript  Messrs.  Forrest  and  Bromley,  glass  manufacturers,  Lime Limestreet,  street, Limestreet,  were  entertained  at  a  supper  given  by  those  gentle.  men,  - STYLE=superscript  on  Nov  &#34;fear's  Eve,  at  the  King's-arms  hotel,  St.  John's-lane,  The  chair  was  taken  by  Mr.  Hamilton,  their  reprepresentative,  while  Mr.  Robertsen,  their  book-keeper,  officiated  as  vice-chairman.  After  the  usual  loyal  toasts  had  been  proposed,  the  health  of  Messrs.  Forrest  and  Bromley  was  drank  .  with  the  utmost  enthusiasm.  The  proceedings  of  the  evening  were  enlivened  with  songs,  toasts,  and  sentiments,  of  an  appropriate  character.  The  musical  talent  displayed  on  the  occasion,  was  highly  creditable  to  the  members  of  the  establishment.  After  spending  a  most  delightful  evening,  the  meeting  broke  up,  highly  pleased  with  their  entertainment,  which  was  got  up  in  the  first  style  by  Mrs.  Carter.  TEA  MEETING.—  Last  evening,  the  congregation  attend attending  ing attending  St.  Peter's  church,  Everton,  held  their  annual  tea teaparty  party teaparty  at  the  Concert-hall,  Lord  Nelson-street.  The  all  was  well  filled,  and  upwards  of  700  persons  of  both  sexes  and  of  all  ages  sat  down  to  a  most  excellent  repast.  The  hall  was  handsomely  decorated  with  flags  and  banners,  on  which  were  inscribed  various  mottoes,  the  most  conspi conspitotal  total conspitotal  receipts,  sterlitm  11,01  per  week,  sterling,  381  18s.  _  December,  1854,  total  receipts,  sterling;  6,196/  4s  per  mile  per  week,  sterling,  251  143.  Increase,  4,8221  7s  lld  ;  per  mile  per  week,  sterling,  131  4s.  Aggregate  gross  receipts  from  the  commencement.  'of  the  current  half-year  to  date,  207,1081  3s  9d  sterling.  Ditto  for  the  corresponding  period  of  the  previous  year,  120,3281  2s  10d  sterling.  The  recent  modifications  in  the  French  tariff  have  been.,  communicated  officially  to  the  com committee  mittee committee  of  the'Privy  Council  for  trade,  There  are  not  any  alterations  of  importance  which  concerns  our  international=  rade  with•Franee  which  requires  !  special  notice.  The  principal  feature  carried  out  is  in  reducing  considerably  the  duties  on  timber  imported  in  foreign  vessels,  and  admitting  all  kinds  of  masts,  sparS,  and  poles  used  in  shipbuild shipbuilding  ing shipbuilding  and  naval  purposes  duty  free.  In  issuing  this  modified  tariff  at  a  time  when  the  protective  duties  on  grain  are  in  abeyance,  the  French  government  have  made  another  step  in  the  direction  of  free  trade.  Messrs:  Baring  issued  a  circular  yesterday,  stating  that  Mr.  Edward  Charles  Baring,  son  of  -the  late  Mr,  Henry  Baring,  and  Mr.  Henry  Bing Bingham  ham Bingham  Mildmay,  son  of  the  late  Mr.  H.  St.  John  Mildmay,  have  been  admitted  into  their  firm.  The  English  Funds  have  again  declined.  Prices  closed  at  the  lowest  point  of  the  day,  which  repre represents  sents represents  a  fall  of  4.  per  cent.  since  yesterday  afternoon,  and  a  total  reduction  of  11  per  cent  in  three  days.  The  quotations  at  the  final  close  were  as  follows  :  89,-1-88g.,  The  chief  depression  is  still  exercised  by  the  pecuniary  reqUirements  of  government.  The  influential  sales  of  Stock  continue,  and,  though  conducted  with  great  fprivacy,  are  generally  im imputed  puted imputed  to  government  _account.  The  parties  who  speculate.  for  a  rise  upon  the  :attempted  peace  negotiations,  are  also  less  confident;  and  the  approaching  meeting  of  parliament,  occasions  dis discussions  cussions discussions  as  to  the  price  at  which  the  next  govern-.  Merit  loan  will  be  taken.  In  addition  to  these  adverse  considerations,  the  Money  Market  con continues  tinues continues  tight,  and  the  immediate  commercial  demand  has  been  increased  by  the  preparations  for  Friday  next,  the  4th  of  the  month.  But  it  is  evident,  that  the  Market  has  been  gradually  in  stringency,  for  some  days  past.  Each  successive  return  of  the  .B  an  k  w  ill  th  en  b  e  anxiously  watched.  On  the  other  hand  some  belief  is  anticipated  'from  the  quarterly  dividend  payments,  which  will  commence  at  the  Bank  on  Wednesday  next,  the  9th  of  the  month.  We  must  mention  too  that.  the  investments  of  the  public  in  government  stocks  are  continued.  At  Paris  the  three  per  cent.  Pkentes  exhibit  a  fall  of  'nearly  one  per  cent.  since  'Monday  afternoon.  The  demand  for  gold  ,for  the  Con Continent  tinent Continent  to-day  continued,  but  with  no  supply  in  the  market,  the  entire  - STYLE=superscript  416,0001,  ex  the  Donald  AT`Nay,  having  been  already  bought  for  France  Several  parcels  estimated  at  an  aggregate  of  between  50,0001.  and  100,0001.  were'consequently  taken  from  the  Bank  to-day  for  exportation.  The  Corn  - STYLE=superscript  Market  to-day  was  . STYLE=superscript  -  oniet,  itt  the  into  church  School,  Everton,  estit.  incumbent  c  ;  the  Rev.  J.  B.  Lowe,  iOratite"
