text
"SOUND  DUES  In  pursuance  of  the  authority  conferred  by  a  resolution  (3.1  j  m  n  m  it  e  e  r  d  ce,  t  a  a  n  ise  d  s,  of  the  Senate  of  the  United  States,  passed  on  the  .rd  of  e  March  last,  notice  was  given  to  Denmark,  on  the  14th  day  of  Anil!,  of  the  intentiqn  of  thin  governm  nt  to  avail  itself  of  the  stipulation  of  th  e  su  b  s  i  s  ti  ng  conven  tion  of  navigation  between  that  king kingwhereby  whereby kingwhereby  either  party  might  after  ten  year's  , STYLE=superscript  terminate  th  e  same  a  t  th  e  expiration  of  dom  and  friendship,  t  o  h  one  year  from  the  date  of  notice  for  that  purpose.  The  considerations  which  led  me  to  call  the  attention  of  Congress  to  that  convention,  and  induced  the  Senate  to  adopt  the  resolution  referred  to,  still  continue  in  full  force.  The  'convention  contains  an  article,  which,  a  l  t  h  oug  h  it  does  not  directly  engage  the  U  n  it  e  d  States  to  su  b  m  it  to  the  imposition  of  tolls  on  the  vessels  and  car cargoes  goes cargoes  o  f  Americans  passing  into,  or  from,  the  Baltic  Sea,  during  the  continuance  of  the  treaty,  yet  may,  by  possi possibility,The  bility,The possibility,The  construed  as  implying  such  submission.  The  exaction  of  those  tolls  not  being  justified  by  any  prineiplo  o  f  international  law,  it  became  the  right  and  the  duty  of  the  United  States  to  relt6re  themselves  from  the  implica implication  tion implication  of  engagement  on  the  subject,  so  as  to  be  perfectly  nee  to  act  in  the  premises  in  such  way  as  their  public  interests  and  honour  shall  demand,  I  remain  of  the  opinion  that  the  United  States  ought  not  to  submit  to  the  payment  of  the  Sound  Dues,  not  so  much  because  of  their  amount,  which  is  a  secondary  mat matter,  ter, matter,  but  because  it  is  in  effect  the  recognition  of  the  right  of  Denmark  to  treat  one  of  the  great  maritime  highways  of  nations  as  a  close  sea,  and  the  navigation  of  it  as  a  privilege  for  which  tribute  may  be  imposed  upon  those  who  have  occasion  to  use  it.  This  government.  en  a  former  occasion  not  unlike  the  present,  signalized  its  determination  to  maintain  the  free freedom  dom freedom  of  the  seas,  and  of  the  great  natural  channels  of  navi navigation.  gation. navigation.  The  Barbary  States  had,  for  a  !prig  time,  exacted  the  payment  or  tribute  from  all  nations  whose  ships  frequented  the  Mediterranean.  To  the  'last  demand  of  such  payment  made  by  them,  the  United  States,  althongh  suffering  less  by  their  depredations  than  many  other  artions,  returned  the  explicit  answer,  that  we.  preferred  war  to  tribute,  and  thus  opened  the  way  to  the  relief  of  the  commerce  of  the  world  from  an  ignominious  tax,  so  long  submitted  to  by  the  more  powerful  nations  of  Europe.  If  the  manner  of  payment  of  the  Sound  Does  differ  from  that  of  the  tribute  formerly  conceded  in  the  Barbary  States,  still  their  exaction  by  Denmark  has  no  better  foundation  in  right.  Each  was.  in  its  origin,  nothing  hut  a  tax  on  a  common  natural  right,  extorted  by  thop,  who  were  at  that  time  able  to  obstruct  the  free  and  secure  enjoyment  of  it,  but  who  no  longer  possess  that  power.  Denmark,  while  resisting  our  assertion  of  the  freedom  of  the  B  dtic  Sound  and  Brits,  has  indicated  a  readiness  to  make  some  new  arrangement  on  the  subject,  and  has  invited  the  governments  intereSted  , STYLE=superscript  including  the  United  States,  to  be  represented  in  a  convention  to  assemble  for  the  purpose  of  receiving  and  considering  a  propesiti  o  n  ,  which  she  intends  to  sub  nit.  for  the  capitalisation  of  the  Sound  Dues,  and  the  distrihntion  of  the  sum  to  be  paid  as  commutation  among  the  governments,  according  to  the  respective  proportions  of  their  maritime STYLE=superscript  Ccilero9  ir4  aid  The  interposition  of  this  Government  has  been  invoked  by  many  of  its  citizens,  on  account  of  injuries  done  to  their  persons  and  property,  for  which  the  Mexican  Government  is  responsible.  The  unhappy  situation  of  that  country,  for  some  time  past,  has  not  allowed  its  Government  to  give  due  con consideration  sideration consideration  to  claims  of  private  reparation,  and  has  appeared  to  call  for  and  justify  some  forbearance,  in  such  matters,  on  the  part  of  this  Government.  But,  if  the  revolutionary  movements  which  have  lately  occurred  in  that  republic,  end  in  the  organisation  of  a  stable  government,  urgent  appeals  to  its  justice  will  then  be  made,  and,  it  may  be  hoped,  with  success,  for  the  redress  of  all  complaints  of  our  citizens."
