text
"SELECT  VESTRY.  The  usual  fortnightly  meeting  of  the  Select  Vestry  was  held  yesterday,  in  the  Parish  Offices  Brownlow-hill,  the  Rev.  Rector  CAMPBELL,  in  the  chair.  Present,  Messrs.  Carrie,  Blain,  Whitby,  Crawford,  John  Jones,  Mellor,  Pem Pemberton,  berton, Pemberton,  Denton,  Luff,  Savage,  Troughton,  Bradley,  Moss,  Hand,  Whitby,  Hughes,  Shaw,  Sumner,  Clarke,  Kitchen,  Banner,  Gardner.  The  proceedings  of  the  Finance  Committee  contained  nothing  of  public  interest,  and  they  were  confirmed  without  discussion.  WORKHOUSE  COMMITTEE,  It  appeared  that  during  the  past  week  there  had  been  ad admitted  mitted admitted  to  the  vagrant  sheds,  470  males,  285  females,  and  86  children,  in  all  841.  The  number  of  inmates  in  the  house  was  1790.  There  were  588  cases  in  hospital,  49  of  which  were  fever  and  cholera  cases,  and  48  itch  cases.  Mr.  HUGHES  asked  how  a  visit  he  had  made  to  the  house,  and  which  was  duly  recorded,  was  not  read  to  the  last  meeting  of  the  board.  The  reason  why  he  asked  the  ques question  tion question  was  this.  There  was  a  suggestion  made  in  his  report,  which  he  thought  of  some  importance  ;  that  was  the  ne necessity  cessity necessity  of  covering  in  certain  passages  at  the  south-east  end  of  the  house,  leading  from  the  old  womens'  and  children's  wards  to  the  dining  hall.  Those  passages  were  very  nar narrow,  row, narrow,  and  in  severe  weather,  people  might  suffer  very  much  in  going  through  them,  waiting  to  go  m  order  to  the  dining  hall.  Mr.  DENTON  said  this  had  been  fully  discussed  in  the  Workhouse  Committee.  _  _  Mr.  HART  thought  it  had  been  read  to  the  board.  Mr.  HUGHES  :  Was  it  ?  The  expense  of  the  covering,  would  soon  be  spared  in  the  lesser  numbers  which  would  be  confined  in  the  infirmary.  Old  persons  were  kept  standing  there  at  times  in  the  rain.  The  CHAIRMAN  remarked  that  there  was  no  evidence  of  this  report  having  been  read  to  the  Vestry;  but  the  question;  was  discussed  in  the  Workhouse  Committee.  Mr.  CARNE  had  no  doubt  but  it  was  read  in  committee.  Mr.  DENTON  :  Yes  ;  because  I  objected  to  it.  The  CHAIRMAN  You  wish,  Mr.  Hughes,  that  it  should  be  considered  ?  :  I  do.  It  is  highly  desirable  to  pay  attep atteptic).  tic). atteptic).  to  those  passages,  an  it  was  suggested  to  me  by  the  governor  himself.  lt  was  not  only  reasonable,  but  desirable  to  do  so,  because  in  cold  weather  the  old  people  must  suffer.  —Referred  to  the  Workhouse  Committee.  INDUSTRIAL  SCHOOLS  COMMITTEE.  From  the  proceedings  of  this  committee,  it  appeared  that  four  boys  and  two  girls  had  absconded  from  the  schools.  It  appeared  also,  that  eighteen  pigs  had  been  sold,  which  real-I  ized  a  sum  of  £24  10s.  Mr.  Hughes  gave  notice  that  he  would  move,  at  the  nextmeetingof  the  committee,  that  appli application  cation application  be  made  to  the  committee  of  the  Privy  Council  on  education,  for  power  to  appropriate  a  portion  of  the  funds  for  the  education  of  the  Catholic  children  in  the  schools.  Mr.  HUGHES  :  Before  those  minutes  are  confirmed,  I  would  request  to  be  •permitted  to  make  a  few  observations  with  reference  to  what  took  place  at  this  board  at  the  last  meeting.  Some  very  severe  strictures  were  given  utterance  to  by  several  gentlemen,  as  to  the  mode  of  managing  the  Industrial  Schools,  and  the  absence  of  that  amount  of  indus industrial  trial industrial  training  necessary  to  be  of  use  in  sending  boys  into  the  world.  Now  I  hardly  know  any  subject  touched  on  at  this  board  about  which  there  is  a  larger  amount  of  ignorance  elabo elaborated  rated elaborated  into  talk  than  on  this  very  subject:  for  gentlemen  talk  unthinkingly  and  unknowingly  of  matters  which  are  calculated  to  give  offence,  and  to  mislead  the  public  out  of  doors,  and  cause  them  to  think  that  the  Industrial  School  Committee,  as  a  part  of  this  board,  is  not  discharging  its  duty.  Now,  in  order  to  be  in  a  position  to  correct  this  error  to  some  extent,  I  have  been  at  the  pains  to  have  a  return  of  the  amount  of  work  done  by  the  children  in  those  schools  during  the  past  year  ;  but  in  addition  to  the  amount  of  work  done  here,  it  must  be  borne  in  mind  the  immense  labour  required  in  keeping  an  extensive  establishment  like  that  in  proper  order—in  keeping  it  clean,  in  washing,  in  cooking,  and  dis distributing  tributing distributing  food,  and  the  great  bulk  of  this  is  done  by  the  children  whilst  in  the  school.  I  think  it  is  a  most  ungra ungracious  cious ungracious  office  for  any  member  of  this  board  to  take  on  himself  to  cast  reflections  on  that  establishment,  or  to  do  anything  in  reference  to  it  likely  to  prejudice  it  in  the  estimation  of  the  rate-payers;  for  in  my  opinion  if  there  be  any  establish establishment  ment establishment  in  Liverpool  which,  more  than  another,  it  has  a  right  to  be  proud  of,  it  is  the  establishment  of  the  Industrial  Schools.  (Hear,  hear.)  Now,  sir,  I  find  during  the  period  of  twelve  months,  there  have  been  made  articles  of  wearing  apparel  by  the  boys,  in  tailoring,  new  articles  made,  2,280,  and  repaired  8,484  ;  of  shoes,  there  have  been  made  1,183  pairs  '•  of  clogs,  6,473  pairs.  Under  the  sewing  mistress  there  have  been  made  2,262  articles,  and  altogether  the  list  is  a  very  long  one,  and  it  is  unnecessary  to  go  through  it  ;  but  the  figures  are  here,  for  any  gentleman  who  likes  to  look  at  them,  to  show  there  is  a  very  large  amount  of  industrial  training  carried  on  there,—  perhaps  not  to  the  extent  that  could  be  desired.  (Hear,  hear.)  But  it  is  for  this  board  T—  Onvn  WI;  ++.4  . STYLE=superscript  1  no  t  members  to  get  up  here,  who  altogether  unacquainted  with  the  ramifications  of  the  school,  and  charge  the  School  Committee  with  neglecting  their  duty.?  Mr.  Moss  said  they  did  nothing  of  the  kind.  It  was  a  mere  suggestion.  _  _  Mr.  fiuGHEs  :  I  think  this  board  and  the  town  of  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  has  a  right  to  be  proud  of  those  schools,  and  I  hope,  as  the  town  increases  in  bulk  and  property,  that  those  schools  will  increase  in  usefulness.  Mr.  Moss  thought  some  of  Mr.  Hughes's  remarks  applied  to  him.  His  suggestion  was  :thrown  out  in  a  friendly  and  conciliatory  spirit.  He  merely  threw  out  the  suggestion,  which  was  received  by  the  board  in  good  spirit,  and  was  considered  at  that  time  rather  a  valuable  one.  Now,  Mr.  Hughes  admitted  that  the  establishment  was  far  from  being  in  a  .  state  of  perfection,  and  he  entered  into  a  long  tirade,  accusing  gentlemen  of  im improper  proper improper  motives.  He  (Mr.  Moss)  might  say,  with  respect  to  the  making  of  the  clothes,  there  was  so  far  a  deficiency  that  they  did  not  make  all  required.  It  was  only  some  time  back  there  was  absolutely  a  proposal  from  the  governor  to  advertise  for  the  making  of  children's  linen,  and  latterly  there  was  a  proposition  to  have  the  clogs  made  by  con contract,  tract, contract,  so  they  were  not  absolutely  in  a  position  to  provide  their  own  clothing.  But,  as  he  before  observed,  in  Ireland  the  industrial  schools  were  compiratively  nearly  self-sup self-supporting.  porting. self-supporting.  Not  only  did  they  clothe  themselves,  but  they  produced  such  a  quantity  of  work  of  the  best  description,  as  to  bring  in  a  very  large  amount  of  support  to  those  institu institutions.  tions. institutions.  Mr.  MELLOR:  They  go  without  shoes  and  stockings  there,  and  they  have  no  need  to  make  them.  (Laughter.)  Mr.  Moss  would  not  permit  Mr.  Mellor's  interruptions.  Perhaps  he  was  an  advocate  for  children  going  without  shoes  or  stockings.  Mr.  MELLOR  :  Mine  go  without  them.  (Laughter.)  Mr.  Moss  hoped  the  committee  would  take  the  matter  into  consideration,  and  come  to  some  practical  resolution.  Mr.  CARNE  said  his  remarks  applied  more  particularly  to  females,  and  he  thought  it  would  be  well  if  the  committee  could  suggest  some  mode  by  which  females  could  be  better  employed.  Mr.  HUGHES  had  forgotten  to  say  that  154  children  had  been  placed  in  service  from  those  schools  during  the  past  year.  Mr.  GARDNER  said  there  was  a  very  great  demand  for  female  servants  from  that  establishment.  They  were  so  well  trained  the  public  would  not  have  servants  from  the  workhouse,  and  there  was  a  decided  preference  given  to  the  females  from  the  industrial  schools.  If  they  had  double  the  number  of  a  fit  age  to  be  sent  out  to  service  they  would  be  taken.  Mr.  Moss  :  Is  the  great  demand  for  home  use  or  expor exportation  tation exportation  ?  (Laughter.)  Mr.  GARDNER  said  the  demand  was  for  home  consump consumption,  tion, consumption,  and  he  did  not  know  where,  but  they  were  usefully  employed  no  doubt.  Mr.  HUGHES  :  Forhome  use,  not  consumption.  (Laughter.)  The  proceedinarere  thEangsmilirTEE.  An  application  had  been  made  for  the  use  of  one  of  the  hulks  in  the  river  for  the  use  of  cholera  patients,  which  was  refused,  but  Lord  Palmerston  suggested  that  a  hulk  could  be  placed  at  the  disposal  of  the  committee,  if  they  fitted  it  up.  In  consequence  of  the  amount  of  accommodation  which  could  be  spared  in  the  workhouse,  the  committee  declined  to  do  so.  A  letter  was  received  by  the  committee  from  Julius  Ilefman,  Secretary  of  the  Society  of  Friends  to  Strangers  in  Distress,  thanking  the  committee  for  the  generous  and  kind  solicitude  shown  for  the  comfort,  &amp;c.,  of  the  emi emigrants  grants emigrants  of  the  ship  Isaac  Wright,  who  had  been  attacked  by  cholera.  Mr.  BRADLEY,  in  moving  the  confirmation  of  the  pro proceedings,  ceedings, proceedings,  said  he  was  happy  to  state  the  health  of  the  town  was  in  such  a  state  as  would  enable  the  committee  to  post postpone  pone postpone  its  further  arrangements,  and  likewise  to  postpone  their  meeting  for  ten  days.  With  regard  to  the  cholera  cases  in  the  house  they  were  strictly  confined  to  German  emigrants,  to  the  number  of  thirteen,  and  of  those  seven  were  in  a  convalescent  state,  and  the  others  were  in  a  fair  way  for  re recovery.  covery. recovery.  The  CHAIRMAN  wished  to  ask,  was  it  decided  Asiatic  cholera.  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  That  which  has  attacked  the  German  emigrants,  there  is  no  doubt  about  it;  but  there  was  no  case  in  the  town  which  we  really  could  say  was  Asiatic  cholera.  Some  of  them  have  :been  extreme  cases  of  English  cholera,  but  not  Asiatic  cholera.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  None  of  our  resident  population  have  been  attacked.  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  None,  to  the  best  of  our  belief  ;  and  it  appeared  in  the  case  of  the  great  bulk  of  the  Germans  their  systems,  had  received  it  before  their  arrival  here.  In  many  instances  they  came  and  were  attacked  in  12  or  24  hours  after  their  arrival.  Mr:  HUGHES  :  How  do  you  account  for  that  ?  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  Their  systems  having  been  impregnated  with  the  disease  previous  to  their  arrival  here.  Mr.  Moss  was  unavoidably  absent  when  the  report  of  the  Medical  Relief  Committee  was  brought  forward,  but  he  had  read  the  report  with  great  interest  ;  and  he  really  thought  the  management  and  conduct  of  the  medical  relief  committee  deserved  all  praise,  and  really  the  gratitude  of  the  town.  When  they  took  into  consideration  the  immense  mass  of  disagreeable  employment  they  had,  and  the  great  risk  they  rum  personally,  and  all  this  performed  from  a.  sense'  of  public  duty,.  there  was  not  .  a.  member  .of  the  vestry  but  must  feel  deeply  Indebted  to  the  members  of  the  committee  for  their  valuable  services—he  did  not  want  to  individualise  members  ;  but  he  might  say  that  great  credit  was  due  to  Mr.  Bradley,  the  Chairman,  for  the  energy,  skill,  persever4  ante  and  assiduity  with  which  he  had  attended  to  the  duties  of  his  office.  (Hear,  hear).  In  making  those  remarks,  he  believed  they  were  applicable  in  a  minor  degree  to  every  member  of  the  committee,  but  Mr.  Bradley  from  his  skill,  and  the  indefatigable  energy,  which  was  a  part  of  his  character,  had  been  invaluable.  (Hear,  hear).  He  therefore  proposed  that  a  vote  of  thanks  be  tendered  to  the  committee,  for  the  assiduous,  prompt,  energetic  and  valuable  services  they  had  rendered  in  consequence  of  the  anticipated  attack  of  Cholera,  and  he  had  no  doubt  if  the  attack  had  really  come,  the  parish  authorities  from  their  admirable  arrangements  would  be  perfectly  ready  to  cope  with  it.  This  document  was  valuable  in  another  sense.  Fears  had  been  allayed  ;  the  public  found  they  had  a  board  there  in  conjunction  with  the  Health  Committee,  who  were  prepared  at  all  points  to  meet  the  attack.  Mr.  KITCHEN  bore  testimony  to  the  great  exertions  of  Mr.  Bradley,  and  the  other  members  of  the  Committee:  Mr.  Bradley  had  devoted  himself  night  and  day  to  the  duties  of  the  Medical  Relief  Committee.  Mr.  HUGHES  begged  to  second  the  vote  of  thanks,  fully  concurring  in  all  that  had  been  said  by  the  proposer.  Mr.  GARDNER  thought  this  vote  of  thanks  ought  to  ema emanate  nate emanate  from  the  committee  itself.  (Great  laughter,  and  cries  of  the  Mayor  of  He  thought  the  vote  of  thanks  was  to  the  chairman.  He  thought  it  was  due  to  Mr.  Brad Bradley,  ley, Bradley,  but  still  he  thought  it  was  the  province  of  the  com committee.  mittee. committee.  The  CRAIRMAN  remarked  if  it  came  from  the  vestry,  the  civic  crown  would  be  more  gracefully  placed  on  the  brow  of  Mr.  Bradley.  The  motion  was  then  carried  by  acclamation.  Mr.  BRADLEY  said  he  was  taken  quite  by  surprise.  He  had  no  idea  that  anything  of  this  kind  would  be  brought  before  the  board,  and  he  should  be  exceedingly  .  insensible  if  he  were  not  to  feel,  as  he  did,  the  vote  of  praise  they  had  given  to  him  in  conjunction  with  the  committee.  It  would  be,  perhaps,  unbecoming  in  him  to  say  they  had  done  their  duty,  but  their  work  was  before  the  vestry,  and  he  believed  if  at  any  time  the  town  should  be  affected  with  the  scourge,  they  should  be  in  a  position  to  meet  it.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  again  returned  them  his  sincere  thanks  for  the  gratifying  manner  in  which  the  vestry  had  expressed  its  sentiments.  APPOINTMENT  OF  MEDIUM,  Lomax..  The  vestry  then  proceeded  to  the  election  of  two  medical  officers.  For  the  office  vacant  by  the  death  of  Mr.  Cripps  there  were  two  candidates,  Mr.  J.  A.  Sumners  and  Mr.  Jeph Jephson,  son, Jephson,  but  it  was  stated  the  latter  gentleman  had.  withdrawn  his  name.  Mr.  Moss  said  with  regard  to  the  medical  officers  a  false  system  of  economy  had  been  adopted  by  underpaying  them,  and  that  was  the  reason  why  Mr.  Jephson  and  others  with withdrew,  drew, withdrew,  owing  to  the  insignificant  amount  of  salary  offered.  Was  it  to  be  expected  that  any  man  like  Mr.  Jephson  would  give  up  his  private  practice  for  £l4O  per  year  ?  Mr.  HUGHES  said  Mr.  Moss's  remarks  were  irregular.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  We  had  better  not  perpetuate  the  irre irregularity.  gularity. irregularity.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  HUGHES  continued  to  say  that  Mr.  Moss's  remarks  would  lead  the  public  to  believe  that  the  vestry  did  not  pay  such  an  amount  of  salary  to  medical  men  as  would  secure  the  efficient  services  of  gentlemen  of  that  profession,  That  ought  not  to  go  forth  to  the  public  uncontradicted.  He  (Mr.  Hughes)  believed  that  the  medical  men  hitherto  em employed  ployed employed  by  the  board  had  discharged  their  duties  efficiently,  and  Mr.  Sumners  was  quite  competent  to  discharge  all  the  duties  he  would  have  to  undertake.  Mr.  BRADLEY  concurred  in  the  remarks  made  by  Mr.  Moss.  Mr.  Sumners  was  then  elected  medical  officer  in  the  room  of  Mr.  Cripps,  deceased.  Messrs.  Laurence  and  Bar Barwise  wise Barwise  were  elected  medical  dispensers  at  the  North  and  South  dispensaries.  Mr.  Kelly's  appointment  as  medical  officer  in  the  room  of  Mr.  Durkan  was  confirmed.  The  special  com committee  mittee committee  appointed  to  inquire  into  the  alleged  interference  of  the  Rev.  Mr.  Fleetwood,  the  Roman  Catholic  clergyman,  with  a  Protestant  pauper  who-  was  on  the  point  of  death,  reported  that  Mr.  Fleetwood  acted  under  a  misapprehension,  but  acquitted  him  of  any  impropriety  in  connection  with  the  transaction.  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  CAIINE  the  report  was  adopted.  Mr.  DEyrox  intimated  that  he  would  postpone  asking  the  question  of  which  he  had  given  notice,  until  the  next  meet meeting  ing meeting  of  the  vestry.  The  proceedings  then  terminated.  COUNTY  COURT.-YESTERDAY.  The  Court  sat  at  the  usual  hour  yesterday,  NEEDHAM  v  Corr.  William  Needham,  a  car-driver,  summoned  Mr.  George  Cott,  of  the  Grecian  Hotel,  Dale Dalestreet,  street, Dalestreet,  for  15s,  being  a  week's  wages.  The  plaintiff  stated  that  he  had  employment  in  Kirkdale,  in  last  September,  when  the  defendant  sent  for  him,  and  offered  to  take  him  into  his  service.  The  wages  offered  were  15s.  a  week,  pro provided  vided provided  the  plaintiff  would  undertake  the  cleaning  of  a  horse  and  cab,  and  12s  a  week  otherwise.  Plaintiff  stated  that  ho  amreed  to  the  first  proposition  and  obtained  lea  from  f  fh  A  m  whose  employment  he  then  was,  to  give  up  his  situation  without  the  usual  week's  notice.  On  going  to  the  defendant's  on  Monday  morning,  the  defendant  told  him  he  had  changed  his  mind,  and  did  not  require  his  services  at  all.  In  consequence  of  this  disappointment,  the  plaintiff  stated  that  he  was  three  weeks  out  of  employment.  The  present  action  was  therefore  brought  to  recover  one  week's  wages  from  the  defendant.—Mr.  Grocott  appeared  on  behalf  of  Mr.  Cott,  who  was  examined,  and  admitted  having  en engaged  gaged engaged  the  plaintiff,  but  stated  that  he  sent  a  person  named  Bond,  immediately  after,  to  tell  him  that  he  should  not  re require  quire require  his  services.  The  defendant  also  denied  that  the  agreement  had  been  for  any  more  than  12s.  a  week.—The  plaintiff  stated  that  he  had  received  no  such  intimation  as  that  alleged  by  defendant.—Upon  the  part  of  the  defendant,  application  was  made  that  the  case  should  be  adjourned,  in  order  to  afford  an  opportunity  of  producing  Bond,  but  his  Honor  declined  granting  the  request.  A  verdict  was  given  by  the  Court  for  the  amount  claimed  by  plaintiff.  KANE  v  HARKNESS.—In  this  case  the  plaintiff,  who  is  a  beerseller,  sought  to  recover  6s.  Bd.  from  defendant,  a  la labourer,  bourer, labourer,  for  beer  which  he  -had  supplied.  The  defendant  denied  that  he  had  got  more  than  nine  pints  of  beer  at  the  house  ;  but  he  appeared  to  have  been  recently  drinking,  and  could  give  no  clear  account  of  what  quantity  he  had  re received.  ceived. received.  Defendant's  wife  said  that  she  had  frequently  requested  the  plaintiff  and  his  wife  not  to  give  credit  to  her  husband  when  he  was  intoxicated,  but  they  had  continued  to  do  so,  and  she  could  not  tell  what  quantity  of  beer  he  might  have  received.—Court  :  Nor  can  your  husband  either.  I  fear  he  has  been  at  the  beerhouse  this  morning STYLE=superscript  already.  If  I  encourage  such  men,  by  permitting  them  not  to  pay  for  the  drink  they  have  had,  it  will  only  be  the  worse  for  their  families,  for  they  will  only  go  next  week  and  spend  all  the  money  they  have  got.  What  is  your  husband  ?  Mr.  Hark Harkness  ness Harkness  stated  that  he  was  a  labourer,  and  received  3s.  6d.  a  day  wages.—Court  :  I  am  very  sorry  that  you  will  have  to  suffer  for  his  conduct,  but  I  must  give  a  verdict  for  this  amount.—Mrs.  Harkness  applied  to  have  an  order  made  that  the  plaintiff  should  take  the  money  in  small  payments,  as  she  had  a  large  family  to  support.—Court  :  He  shall  take  it  at  one  shilling  a  week.  MARY  AIREY  V.  JACOB  Gums.  This  was  an  action  brought  by  a  servant  named  Mary  Airey,  against  Jacob  Gillis,  Bedford-place,  Derby-road,  for  £2  19s.  6d.  The  plaintiff  was  examined,  and  deposed  that  the  claim  was  for  wages  due  to  her  by  the.defendant  :  and  also  for  the  value  of  a  shawl  and  a  victorine  belonging  to  her,  which  Mrs.  Gillis  had  taken.  Plaintiff  stated  that  Mrs.  Gillis  was  going  across  the  water  one  night,  and  that  she  borrowed  the  shawl  which  she  never  returned,  although  plaintiff  asked  her  for  it  several  times.  The  victorine  she  took  upon  •  another  occasion,  and  said  that  she  had  lost  it.  The  plain plaintiff  tiff plaintiff  added  that  her  mistress  had  been  constantly  in  the  habit  of  wearing  her  clothes.  Mrs.  Gillis  appeared  on  the  part  of  her  husband,  and  handed  in  a  paper  containing  an  account  of  money  lent  to  the  plaintiff,  of  a  doctor's  bll  paid  for  her,  and  sundry  small  articles  of  female  attire  belonging  to  witness,  which  the  plaintiff  had  taken.  A  month's  wages•  was  also  deducted  on  account  of  the  plaintiff  having  left  UM.  0,1  v  laet  , STYLE=superscript  v•  itaAse  —1  es  +l,  was  reduced  to  ten  shillings,  whicli  sum  defendant  had  paid  into  court.  His  Honor  :  This  I  presume  is  an  article  of  dress,  which  I  see  mentioned  here,  a  horse-hair  bustle  ?  Mrs.  Gillis  replied  that  it  was,  and  that  the  plaintiff  had  taken  it.  The  plaintiff  said  that  when  they  were  shifting  some  furniture,  there  was  an  old  bustle  lying  upon  the  bed,  which  she  took,  but  it  did  not  belong  to  Mrs.  Gillis.  Mrs.  Gillis  told  her  she  had  taken  her  bustle,  but  plaintiff  denied  that  it  was  hers.  The  plaintiff  admitted  that  sbe  had  had  the  attendance  of  a  doctor.  His  Honor  :  There  is  a  state statement  ment statement  about  your  having  left  your  place  without  notice.  I  am  obliged  to  ask  you  why  you  did  so.  The  plaintiff  statedthat  she  had  several  times  told  her  mistress  she  'would  leave,  and  the  reason  was  that  a  young  gentleman  used  to  come  to  the  house  against  the  consent  of  his  relatives,  and  she  had  to  let  him  in  and  out  at  late  hours.  One  day,  plaintiff  stated  she  went  into  the  parl.oar  '  unawares',  when  this  young  gentleman  was  there,  and  she  saw  Mrs.  Gillis  sitting  with  him,  and  from  what  she  observed,  she  thought  it  was  not  right  to  stay  in  the  house  any  longer.  Mrs.  Gillis's  husband  was  captain  of  a  ship.  A  gentleman  was  examined,  who  deposed  that  he  had  lodged  in  the  house  for  six  months,  and  that  he  was  aware  of  the  plaintiff  having  been  absent  from  her  business  for  several  days  without  any  cause,  after  which,  her  mis mistress  tress mistress  consented,  at  her  request,  to  take  her  back.  As  to  anything.  improper  occurring  in  the  house,  he  could  swear  that  during  the  six  months  he  had  lodged  there,  he  never  saw  anything  of  the  kind.  Plaintiff  said  the  witness  was  not  in  the  house  at  the  time  the  young  gentleman  was  there.  She  told  her  mistress  that  the  neighbours  all  spoke  of  her  as  being  guilty  of  improper  conduct,  but  she  replied  she  did  not  mind  what  they  said.  The  plaintiff  also  stated  that  Mrs.  Gillis  had  been  seen  in  the  bedroom  of  the  gentleman  who  had  just  given'evidence.  His  Honor:  You  had  better  not  go  into  these  matters.  After  receiving  the  papers  handed  in,  his  Honor  said  he  would  give  Mrs.  Gillis  credit  for  the  doctor's  bill  and  for  the  leaving  without  notice.  This  would  leave  £1  10s.  to  be  accounted  for,  of  which  he  should  allow  Bs.  for  the  shawl  and  10s.  for  the  victorine.  The  verdict  would  therefore  be  for  D.  10s.,  which  Mrs.  Gillis  could  reduce  to  12s.  by  giving  up  the  shawl  and  victorine,  which  was  very  little  more  than  the  money  she  had  paid  into  court.  The  plaintiff  commenced  to  complain  of  the  smallness  of  the  sum  which  she  was  to  receive  for  her  services.  His  Honor  :  But  you  had  a  hair  hustle,  you  know.  (Laughter.)  NEEDHAM  a.  Corr.—ln  this  case  ?4r.  Grocott  applied  for  a  new  trial,  to  produce  evidence;  defendant  t  pay  the  costs.  The  court  granted  the  application,  and  fixed  the  hearing  for  one  o'clock  this  day.  COURT  OF  PASSAGE.  --Y  ESTERDAY.  ESTERDAY.  (Before  EDWARD  JAMES,  Esq.,  Q.C  :  ,  Assessor.)  The  Court  sat  at  nine  o'cloCk  this  morning.  GORMLY  v.  HILL  AND  ANOTHER.—The  plaintiff  is  a  ship shipbroker  broker shipbroker  in  this  town,  and  the  defendants  are  emigration  agents,  carrying  on  business  under  the  firm  of  Charles  Hill  and  Co.  ;  and  the  action  was  brought  to  recover  £52  10s.,  amount  of  commission  on  several  vessels  chartered  by  the  plaintiff  for  the  defendants.  From  the  statement  of  Mr.  Millward,  who,  with  Mr.  Woodburn,  appeared  for  the  plain plaintiff,  tiff, plaintiff,  it  appeared  that  Mr.  Hill  authorised  him,  in  April  last,  to  charter  the  vessel  Blanche,  which  he  succeeded  in  doing  with  Messrs.  Kirk  and  Furness  for  £7OO.  He  subsequently,  by  Mr.  Hill's  directions,  chartered  another  vessel  called  the  Equator  for  a  like  sum  of  £7OO  ;  but  in  addition  to  his  corn:.  mission  on  this  sum,  he  was  also  to  obtain  a  like  commission  from  the  owner  of  the  vessel,  Mr.  Mulvine.  That  commis  sion  he  allowed  to  be  paid  into  the  hands  of  the  defendants,  on  the  understanding  that  they  would  pay  it  over  to  him  in  two  days  ;  and  on  their  refusing  to  do  so,  or  to  pay  him  his  commission  of  2i  per  cent.  on  the  Blanche  and  Equator,  he  brought  the  present  action  to  recover  the  full  amount  of  the  three  sums,  £52  10s.  On  the  other  hand,  the  defendants,  for  whom  Mr.  Aspinall,  instructed  by  Mr.  Forshaw,  ap  T  peured,  alleged  that  they  had  never  employed  the  plaintiff  to  charter  the  Blanche,  and  that  a  Mr.  Walker,  whom  they  had  paid,  had  done  so.  With  regard  to  the  Equator,  the  agreement  entered  into  with  the  plaintiff  by  Mr.  Tracey,  one  of  the  defendants,  was  that  he  was  to  be  paid  £lO  for  chartering  her  ;  and  it  was  also  arranged  that  when  Mr.  Mulvine  had  paid  the  24  per  cent.  into  their  hands,  one-half  of  the  amount  should  be  handed  over  to  the  plaintiff.  Ac Accordingly  cordingly Accordingly  only  £18.155.  would  be  due  to  him,  and  that  sum  the  defendants  lodged  in  court  as  the  amount  of  their  liability.  Several  witnesses  were  examined,  to  prove  these  statements,  pro  and  con  ;  but  neither  party  prdduced  Mr  r  Mulvine.  The  jury,  after  brief  deliberation,  returned  a  ver verdict  dict verdict  for  the  plaintiff,  for  the  full  amount  claimed.  _  -  CUSTOM  TARES.  WOODALL  AND  ANOTHER,  v.  SCHILLIZZI  AND  ANOTHER.-Mr.  Woodward  opened  the  pleadings.  The  plaintiffs  were  Mr.  Joseph  Woodall  and  Mr.  Anthony  Jones,  and  the  defendants  Schillizzi  and  Co.;  and  the  deck=  ration  was  for  money  paid,  money  had  and  received,  and  an  account  stated.  Mr.  SIMON  stated  - STYLE=superscript  the  case.  The  plaintiffs,  Woodall  and  Co.,  are  extensive  wholesale  groders,  carrying  on  business  in  this  town,  and  the  defendants  are  Greek  merchants  and  importers  from  all  parts  of  the  Mediterranean,  carrying  on  business  in  an  extensive  way  ;  and  the  present  action  was  brought  to  recover  an  over-payment  made  by  the  plaintiffs  to  the  defendants,  oira  quantity  of  currants.  On  the  14th  of  June  last,  the  plaintiffs  purchased  from  a  broker,  Mr  Badenach,  who  was  acting  for  the  defendants,  a  quantity  of  currants,  which  were  about  to  arrive  in  a  vessel  called  the  from  Syria.  The  contract  note  was  signed  and  delivered,  and  as  the  case  might  turn  on  a  point  of  law,  hp  (counsel)  would  merely  direct  attention  to  the  material  part  of  the  document  in  which  it  specified,  that  the  currants  were  to  be  taken  at  the  weights,  with  the  Customs'  On  the  day  after  the  contract  was  signed,  £2OO  was  paid,  and  some  days  after  the  balance,  £6OO,  was  paid  and  the  currants,  consisting  of  167  cwts.,  were  accordingl'  delivered  to  Messrs.  Woodall  and  Co.  as  they  required  them  The  plaintiffs  purchased  these  currants  as  they  were  in  th  habit  of  purchasing  similar  articles,  for  the  purpose  of  re  sale  in  bond  on  the  same  conditions  on  which  they  becam  the  purchasers  ;  and  if  any  error  were  subsequently  dis`  covered  either  in  the  weighing  or  taring,  the  jury  woul  agree  with  him  in  saying  that  it  was  their  right  to  call  upo  the  defendants  to  rectify  that  error,  and  to  give  them  any  redress  they  might  be  entitled  to  in  consequence.  The  plain«  tiffs,  after  the  delivery  of  the  currants,  sold  a  small  portion  of  them  to,  differnt  customers  of  theirs,  but  they  had  scarcely  sent  out  the  goods,than  theyreceivedcommunications  complaining  of  the  incorrectness  of  the  taring.  The  plain plaintiffs  tiffs plaintiffs  went  to  the  defendants—told  them  of  the•  complaints,  and  represented  that  there  should  be  some  error  in  the  taring,  but  the  defendant  refused  them  any  redress,  merely  referring  them  to  the  contract,  according  to  which,  they  alleged,  they  had  acted.  A  correspondence  then  took-place  between  flip  parties,  and  the  plaintiffs  required  that  the  remain remaining  ing remaining  barrels,  30  barrels  having  been  only  disposed  of,  should  be  re-tared,  by  which  it  would  be  discovered  whether  the  error  existed  or  not.  This  the  defendants  refused,  and  the  plaintiffs  had  accordingly  to  take  upon  them:-  selves  the  duty  of  re-taring.  They  accordingly  did  so,  fuAt  giving  notice  to  the  defendants,  and  they  then  discovered  that  the  tares  instead  of  101bs.  the  cwt.,  as  they  first  were,  shoul  have  been  141bs,  thus  entailing  a  loss  of  41bs.  in  every  cw  .  I  The  learned  counsel  then  described  how  the  tares  were  take  at  the  Custom-house,  and  observed  that  as  the  importers  always  received  a  foreign  invoice  specifying  accurately  the  tare  of  each  package,  had  that  invoice  been  forwarded  any  cause  for  the  present  action  would  have  been  obviated.  •  ;  Mr.  Woodall  was  then  examined  by  Mr.  MILLwAnD  :  Tic,  rippnwa  to  hiving  purchased  the  currants,  and  to  having  paid  to  the  defendants  for  them  £832  16s.  2d.  Sold  out  portions  of  the  currants  from  time  to  time,  and  having  re received  ceived received  communications  in  reference  to  the  tares,  complained  to  the  defendants  on  the  subject.  The  defendants  refused  to  alter  the  tares.  There  is  a  different  meaning  attached  by  the  trade  to  the  terms  allowed  and  tare  allowed.'  The  expression  landing  weights  with  Custom  is  a  common  expression,  but  has  no  particular  meaning  in  the  trade.  Custom  tares  in  the  trade  mean  actual  taring.  After  the  aapount  was  settled  the  defendants  sent  in  another  in invoice.  voice. invoice.  The  witness  then  described  'the  re-taring  of  the  currants,  and  the  finding  of  a  deficiency  in  every  case  of  41bs.  Cross-exailined  by  Mr.  ASPINALL  :  If  a  contract  were  received  with  the  words  actual  it  would  mean  that  every  package  should  be  tared,  but  it  did  not  always  mean  that.  and  actual  though  they  do  not  mean  the  same  thing,  yet  come  to  the  same  in  the  end.  In  fruit  the  Customs  never  allow  The  difference  in  the  invoice  was  in  the  change  of  two  packages  of  currants.  Mr.  Badenach  examined  by  Mr.  SIMON  :  Is  a  fruit  broker  and  acted  in  this  instance  for  the  defendants.  There  is  no  meaning  attached  to  Custom's  other  than  the  or ordinary  dinary ordinary  meaning.  Is  not  aware  of  any  such  term  in  contracts  as  allowed  Is  aware  of  such  a  term  as  average  which  is  a  mode  of  arriving  at  actual  tares  as  nearly,  and  in  as  easy  a  manner,  as  possible.  Is  not  sware  that  there  are  different  modes  of  taring  in  the  Customs.  The  Customs'  mode  is  to  turn  out  a  number  of  the  packages,  and  ascertain  by  average  the  actual  tares  as  nearly  as  possible.  Cross-examined  by  Mr,  ASPINALL  :  Is  aware  that  the  Customs  always  tare  butts  and  carrateels  of  currants  by  per  centage.  The  Customs  and  the  merchant  very  frequently  agree  on  the  tares.  Mr.  Fletcher,  examined  by  Mr.  MILLWARD  :  Has  been  a  fruit  broker  for  many  years.  In  the  fruit  trade,  the  tare  upon  currants  is  a  peculiar  tare.  On  butts  and  carrateels  one  parti particular  cular particular  tare  is  allowed-18  per  cent  on  the  butts,  and  20  per  cent  on  carrateels.  That  is  a  well  understood  tare  in  the  -  trade.  There  is  no  particular  tare  allowed  for  barrels,  boxes,  or  pipes  —it  is  by  a  per  centage  taken  from  an  average  num-  •  ber.  These  tares  are  taken  between  the  importer  and  the  Customs.  That  is  for  the  purpose  of  paying  duty,  but  it  is:usual,  he  believes,  to  receive  foreign  invoices,  giving  the  actual  tares.  _  _  _  Mr.  'Rich,  examined  by  Mr.  Slmorf  :  Is  an  officer  of  Cus Customs.  toms. Customs.  Was  the  Landing  Surveyor  when  these  goods  were  landed.  The  taring  was  agreed  upon,  and  there  was  no  performance  or  turning  out.  Taring  was  done  by  judgment  founded  on  experience.  A  party  attended  on  behalf  of  the  defendants.  Did  not  show  the  Invoice  he  had  received,  nor  did  he  mention  it.  There  are  two  modes  in  the  Customs  of  arriving  at  an  actual  result—average  tares  and  actual  tares.  These  are  the  tares  known  to  the  public,  but  there  is  another  called  allowed  There  were  currants  from  the  same  ships  for  other  parties.  The  casks  were  smaller  and  of,lighter  material  than  those  for  Schillizzi.  The  taring  on  them  was  15  per  cent.,  and  was  done  by  allowance.  Mr.  Green  examined  by  Mr.  Mxr,LwApr,  •  Th.  witneog  stated  that  he  had  twelve  years  experience  in  the  fruit  trade:  .0  °lark  to  a  frait  broker,  and  that  the  trade  recog recognised  nised recognised  two  tares—  Customs  and  customary  tares,'  differing  from  each  other.  Customs  tares  mean  actual'  tares  arrived  at  by  experiment.  They  receive  an  invoice  from  abroad,  giving  the  tares,  and  if  the  Customs  will  not  allow  these,  the  packages  must  be  tared  by  experiment.  Cross-examined  by  Mr,  AsprisALL  :  Remember  but  one  case  where  the  tares  were  allowed  by  agreement,  but  the  foreign  invoice  was  then  produced.  Thinks  those  tares  were  Custams  Mr.  Gerard  Gellard  was  also  examined,  but  he  stated  that  in  fruit  the  Customs  tares  were  alwaye  taken  by  agreement.  Cross-examined  by  Mr.  ALPINALL  :  The  invoices  are  sent  to  a  merchant  or  importer,  not  to  an  agent.  Mr.  Schillizzi  was  then  called  on  subpcena,  but  did  not  appear.  Mr.  Walker,  a  clerk  in  the  defendants'  employment,  was  examined,  and  stated  that  they  had  received  no  invoice  with  the  currants,  inasmuch  as  they  were  only  the  agents  in  the  matter  for  a  house  in  Manchester.  There  being  such  a  diversity  of  opinion  amongst  the  witnesses  as  to  what  were  or  were  not  «  Custom  and  whether  or  not  they  had  a  particular  meaning  in  the  trade  in  contradistinction  to  actual  and  averege  tares,  that  the  counsel  at  this  stage  of  proceedings  elected  to  take  a  non nonsuit,  suit, nonsuit,  rather  than  allow  the  case  to  go  to  the  jury.  BAINBRIGGD  V.  lIALLCROSS.-111r.  Millward,  instructed  by  Messrs.  Lace  and  Co.,  appeared  for  the  plaintiff;  ani  Mr.  Blair,  and  Mr.  McAubrey,  instructed  by  Mr.  Snowball  were  for  the  defendant.  The  action  was  brought  to  recover  £2O  under  the  following  peculiar  cireuinstnnces.  The  plain plaintiff  tiff plaintiff  is  teller  or  cashier  in  tne  branch  Bank  of  England  it  this  town,  and  the  defendant  is  managing  clerk  of  Smiths,  Brothers  and  Co.,  also  of  Liverpool.  On  the  20t1  of  last  August,  the  defendant  presented  at  the  Bank  a  chequi  of  the  house  'of  Lawrence,  Mortimer  and  Co„  for  £lOO6,  and  requested  the  plaintiff  to  give  him  change  for  it.  Being  asked  how  he  would  like  the  change,  he  replied  that  he  would  have  some  of  it  in.  half-sovereigns  and  silver,  as  i;  was  pay  day  with  their  men.  The  plaintiff  accordingly  handed  him  £9OO  in  notes  and.  £2o  . STYLE=superscript  in  silver,  to  take  away  which  he  .borrowed  a  bag  from  the  plaintiff.  The  plain plaintiff  tiff plaintiff  then  entered  the  number  of  the  notes  in  his  books,  and  when  he  had  done  so,  he  placed,  as  he  alleged,  £5O  in  hall hallsovereigns  sovereigns hallsovereigns  in  the  scale  and  weighed  them.  Finding  then  correct,  he  took  out  the  weights,  and  put  £5O  more  of  Sove Sovereigns  reigns Sovereigns  into  the  empty  scales,  and  seeing,  that  the  scale  halanced,  he,  forgetting'  that  .he  had  paid  £2O  in  silver,  handed  over  the  £lOO  worth  of  sovereigns  to  the-defendant,  thus  overpaying  the  cheque  by  £2O.  On  making  up  his  cash  in  the  evening,  he  discovered  that  ae  was  £2O  short,  and  that  the  error  was  in  his  gold.  He  then  bethought  himsel  of  his  transaction  with  the  defendant,  and  applied  to  him  for  the  amount  over-paid.  The  defen defendant,  dant, defendant,  who  had  paid  away  nearly  £lOO  in  wages  almost  im immediately  mediately immediately  after  the  cheque  was  cashed,  denied  having  been  over-paid  ;  and  the  present  action  was  accordingly  brought  by  the  plaintiff  to  recover  the  £2O  which  he  alleged  he  had  so  over-paid.  Several  witnesses  were  examined,  as  were  also  the  plaintiff  and  the  defendant  themselves,  who  were  equally  distinct  and  possitive  in  their  statements.  Mr.  Blair  made  a  very  cogent  address  in  opening  the  case  for  the  defence,  forcibly  pointing  out  that  which  it  was  probability  and  inference  on  the  one  side,  there  was  a  distinct  denial  on  the  other,  and  that  while  the  fallibility  of  the  plaintiff  was  merely  involved,  the  character  and  reputation  of  the  defendant  depended  on  the  issue.  The  jury  returned  a  verdict  for  the  defendant.  The  court,  on  rising,  adjourned  to  9  o'clock  this  morning.  POLICE  COURT,-YESTERDAY.  TILE  EMBEZZLEMENT  AT  TRAIN  &amp;  CO'S.—Tames  St.  Aubyn  Quinn  was  again  placed  at  the  bar  upon  the  charge  of  em embezzlement.  bezzlement. embezzlement.  He  was  defended  by  Mr.  Chilton.  The  first  witness  examined  was  Mr.  Henry  Gerrard,  clerk  to  Messrs.  Troyer,  Trinholme  '  Co.  He  said  that  he  could  not  recognize  the  prisoner,  but  had  an  indistinct  recollection  of  paying  him  monies  on  the  account  of  his  employers.  He  had  taken  a  receipt  which  he  produced  now,  and  the  person  to  whom  he  had  paid  the  money  signed  that  receipt.  The  amount  paid  was  £162  Gs.  4d.  Mr.  Shaw,  Messrs.  Train  &amp;  Co's.  cashier,  proved  that  the  name  signed  to  the  receipt  produced,  was  in  the  handwriting  of  the  prisoner.  He  said  on  being  cross-examined  that  prisoner  had  been  freight  clerk  to  the  firm,  at  a  salary  of  £6O  per  annum,  and  it  was  part  of  his  duty  to  account  to  the  cash  keeper  for  all  monies  received  as  soon  as  possible.  Samuel  McKittrick  deposed  to  paying  witness  on  account  of  Messrs.  Ho'Unshed,  Tetley  &amp;  Co.,  for  freight  and  porter porterage  age porterage  on  the  28th  and  29th  of  June,  £834  15s.  Bd.  ;  the  witness  identified  the  prisoner  as  the  party  to  whom  he  had  paid  the  money.  William  Mason  produced  receipts;  fnr  ss.  3d.  aid  on  Wi  lliam  Barber,  own  account,  and  for  £46  4s.  6d.  paid  for  Mr.  Barber,  and  Mr.  Shaw  identified  the  name  signed  to  these  receipts  as  being  in  the  handwriting  of  the  prisoner.  Hugo  Jones  remembered  paying  Messrs.  Train's  cleric  £l2O  138'.  2d.  for  Messrs.  George  Holt  &amp;  Co.,  he  produced  the  receipts,  and  Mr.  Shaw  again  identified  the  handwriting  of  the  prisoner,  and  then  proved  that  the  latter  had  not  accounted  for  any  of  these  sums  of  money.  Mr.  Chilton  said  he  would  reserve  the  prisoner's  defence  for  another  place,  and  the  prisoner  was  then  /ally  committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the  sessions.  PICKING  Pocxxrs  :—Eden  Harris,  William  Wright  and  David  Drewc,  three  juvenile  thieves,  were  charged  with  picking  pockets  at  a  quarter  before  seven  on  Monday  night,  in  Scotland  Place.  Two  of  the  detective  force  had  upon  that  evening  been  watching  them  for  a  considerable  time,.  and  saw  them  attempting  to  pick  several  ladies'  and  gentlemen's  pockets  in  Richmond  Place,  and  they  then  saw  them  go  into  a  shop  and  change  a  half-sovereign;  they  afterwards  stopped  in  Richmond  road,  and  they  heard  one  of  the  male  prisoners  say  to  the  girl  that  will  be  your  shove  shortly  afterwards  they  heard  a  young  woman  of  the  name  of  Ann  Bay  had  had  her  pocket  picked.  Ann  Ray  on  being  examined,  said,  she  lost  a  new  six-pence,  a  two-shilling  piece,  one  sovereign,  and  two  half-sovereigns,  on  Monday  evening,  under  the  cir circumstances  cumstances circumstances  stated.:  They  immediately  arrested  the  prisoners.  When  they  were  arrested  they  had  upon  them  one  half,  sovereign  and  a  new  six-pence.  The  .mother  of  the  female  prisoner  came  forward  and  said  that  the  child  took  the  money  out  of  her  pocket  to  keep  it  for  her  whilst  she  was  drunk  the  day  before.  The  Magistrate  said  it  was  a  very  bad  excuse,  and  that  th'e  girl  was  an  evil  disposed  child.  The  prisoners  Ellen  Ham's  and  William  Wright,  being  previously  known  to  the  policb,  were  sentenced  to  three  months'  imprisonment,  and  Drew  to  one  month's  imprisonment.  STEALING  A  WATCH.—EmiIy  Mason,  a  prostitute,  was  charged  by  officer  764,  with  stealing  a  watch  from  a  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  in  Stone-street,  the  night  before.  As  the  watch  was  not  found  she  was  remanded.  ONE  OF  THE  SWELL  Mon.-  William  Edwoods  was  charged  by  officer  58,  with  being  a  suspicious  character,  and  frequenting  the  public  streets  with  intent  to  commit  a  felony.  The  officer  said  that  he  had  watched  the  prisoner  up  to  10  o'clock,  following  four  prostitutes,  with  whom  he  was  in  league.  Just  then,  some  of  the  fair  frail  ones  got  hold  of  an  old  gentleman  who  was  intoxicated,  and  were  leading  him  up  a  dark  street,  followed  by  the  prisoner,  when  witness  interfered,  and  arrested  the  prisoner,  upon  whom  was  found  the  sum  of  £4  11s.  He  was  committed  to  gaol  for  one  month,  as  a  rogue  and  a  vagabond.  STEALING  A  SPOON.—Elizabeth  Atherton  was  convicted  of  stealing  a  silver  spoon,  the  property  of  Mrs.  Clarke,  22,  Withburgh-street.  She  had  pledged  it  with  a  pawnbroker  in  Marybone,  for  4s.  6d.  The  prisoner  was  ordered  to  pay  the  value,  4s.  6.  and  30s.  fine,  or  in  default  to  be  imprisoned  for  one  month.  SrSTEALING  WEARING  APPAREL.—Elizabeth  Gibson  was  remanded,  charged  with  stealing  three  bonnets,  a  brooch,  and  several  valuable  rings,  the  property  of  Mrs.  Wallace,  3,  Blake-street,  with  whom  she  lived  as  servant.  ROBBERY  OF  COTTON.—John  Simmons  was  arrested  in  Walker-street,  on  Monday,  afternoon,  with  a  quantity  of  cotton  on  his  back,  concealed  by  a  parcel  of  hay  over  it.  The  officer  said  he  heard  the  prisoner  shout  outtoa  person  driving  a  spring  cart,  and  suspecting  that  all  was  not  right,  he  arrested  him,  and  afterwards  found  that  the  cotton  be belonged  longed belonged  to  Mr.  William  Swift,  who  had  missed  about  1  cwt:  weight  that  day.  The  prisoner  had  formerly  been  in  Mr.  Swift's  employment.  He  was  sentenced  to  2  month's  im imprisonment  prisonment imprisonment  A  CHILD'S  EDUCATION.—Anne  Steward  and  William  Kerr  were  charged  with  passing  base  coin,  through  the  me=  dium  of  a  little  child,  scarcely  ree  years  old.  This  wretched  infant  had  passed  a  bad  sixpence  in  the  spirit  vaults  of  Mr.  William  Robinson,  Vauxhall-road,  and  was  arrested  when  trying  to  pass  another  in  the  same  place  .  The  prisoner's  house  was  searched,  and  an  iron  spoon,  such  as  is  used  in  melting  the  metal  for  coining  was  found  there,  but  nothing  else.  The  case  not  being  very  clear,  the  prisoners  were  dis  -  charged.  LIVERPOOL  MARKETS.—YESTERDAY.  (Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  Daily  Times.)  SUGAR.—The  market  this  day  has  been  very  quiet,  and  the  business  confined  to  70  hhds.  Antigua,  at  31s.  9d.  to  35  per  cwt.  Rum.—Nothing  further  of  import  has  transpired  in  this  article.  MoLassFs.-30  puncheons  middling  Antigua  have  been  sold  at  16s.  6d.  per  cwt.  COFFEE.—At  auction  to-day,  there  was  little  or  no  dis disposition  position disposition  to  purchase  the  Jamaica  offered,  being  chiefly  of  fine  quality,  which  is  not  wanted  ;  and  only  a  few  barrels  were  disposed  of.  RICE.-2,000  bags  Aracan  have  realised  12s.  6d.  ;  and  at  auction  950  bags,  with  all  faults,  brought  Bs.  6d.  to  11s.  6d.  per  cwt.  for  3rd  to  Ist  class  damaged,  In  other  articles  we  have  to  report  100  tons  SAGO  FLOUR,  to  arrive  at  21s.  per.  cwt.;  100  bags  Bombay  LINSEED,  all  faults,  at  525.  6d.  per  quarter  ;  9O  Coils  Coin  ROPE,  at  £l7  ss.  to  £lB  ss.  for  stained,  to  £2l  15s.  for  sound,  and  6  tons  Bombay  HEMP  all  faults,  at  £l6  ss.  to  £l7  per  ton.  TEA.—The  market  has  been  rather  excited,  and  purchases  have  been  made  both  on  speculation  account,  and  by  the  trade,  in  Congou  at  advancing  prices.  Common  are  firm  at  11-1-d.;  Ho  How,and  other  descriptions  are  also  quoted  id.  per  lb.  higher.  HinEe.—About  3,200  East  India  kips  sold  to-day  at  fair  dry  salted,  at  81d.  to  B,ld.  ;  766  Bnfalo  Hides,  at  41  ;  439  Salted  River  plate  at  ox  and  cow,  at  4.1  d.  to  sd.  ;  500  dry  Bahia,  at  54d.  to  bid.  per  lb.  •,  and  500  dry  River  plate  Horse  datiaged,  at  Is.  to  3s.  3d.  each.  TALLow.-250  pipes  S.  A.  have  been  sold  at  575.  to  675.  6d.  per  cwt.  for  fair  to  good.  CorroN.—The  sales  to-day  are  5,000  bales,  500  of  which  have  been  taken  for  export.  The  sales  include  100  Pernams  and  Maranhams,  61d.  to  71-d.;  700  Egyptians,  61d.  to  9id.  ;  700  Surats,  3d.  to  4id.  There  is  no  change  whatever  in  the  market,  which  closes  steadily."
