text
"shopkeeper  must  not  talk  aloud  to  a  brother  trades tradesman  man tradesman  in  the  - STYLE=superscript  street  bni  must  collar  hiM  forsooth  !  and  drag  him  from  his  home  and  his  family,  and  thrust  him  for  a  whole  night  into  a  dungeon  in  the  depth  of  a  northern  winter.  Again,  the  poor  hard-worked,  anxious,  industrious  opera operative,  tive, operative,  who  by  accident,  or  we  will  say  from  drinks  a  little  too  much,  if  he  be  seen  to  stagger— staggerfall—get  fall—get staggerfall—get  up  again  —stagger—and  fall  a  second  time,  and  in  the  full  heat  of  his  misfortunes  should  chance  to  drop  an  oath,  he  is  instantly  seized  by  a  rattling  who,  in  his  own  cups,  mistakes  the  prostrate  mortal  before  him  for  a  teetotaller,  and  inflicts,  with  no  small  gusto,  the  sweets  ,of  a  tippler's  bludgeon  ;  and  after  having  practised  the  usual  arts  of  torture  (which,  thank  Heaven,  are  of  modern  date  in  old  England)  on  his  hands,  arms,  and  throat,  he  lodges  his  cruelly  abused  victim  in  a  cold  damp  dungeon,  where,  in  many  cases,  immediate  medical  aid  and  a  warm  bed  ought  to  be  provided  for  the  man  whose  only  crime  is  a  folly  and  vice  which  is  almost  universal  !  In  the  practical  working  of  this  system,  which  some  wiseacres  call  moral  there  are  outrages  committed  of  the  most  revolting  charac character,  ter, character,  as  well  as  direct  and  wanton  violations  of  the  rights  of  the  subject.  In  our  police  report  of  yes-  terday,  we  .find  Mr.  John  MuLLiNs,  a  grocer  and  res respectable  pectable respectable  tradesman,  while  talking  to  a  friend,  was  seized  by  a  policeman,  dragged  to  bridewell,  and  locked  up  all  night  on  a  charge  of  being  and  The  charge  is  brought  before  the  Magistrate,  when  it  appears  that  Mr.  MuLmtis  was  no  more  drunk  than  the  friend  he  had  with  him,  who  was  not  taken  into  custody.  The  police  admit  Mr.  Mux.r.nis's  friend  was  not  drunk,  and  Mr.  MumaNs's  friend  swore  that  Mr.  MuLLnkis  was  as  sober  as  he  was.  The  case  was  consequently  dismissed,  and  the  fact  appears  to  be  that  Mr.  MULLINS  was  a  marked  man  by  the  Now,  we  ourselves  talk  a  great  deal  about  the  iniquitous  acts  of  !the  Inquisition,  and  the  fearful  state  of  the  law  in  bygone  times,  when  no  man's  limbs  or  life  were  worth  an  hour's  purchase,  but  we  seem  to  have  forgotten  what  is  going  on  around  us  daily.  But  if  we  have  been  slumbering,  now  that  we  are  alive  to  the  enormities  of  the  whole  system,  we  will  not  fail  to  exercise  the  utmost  vigilance  henceforth.  And  what  was  our  horror  on  Tuesday  night,  when  we  witnessed  a  police  out outrage  rage outrage  of  the  most  brutal  character  with  our  own  eyes.  The  gentlemen  of  this  office  hearing  a  noise  which  sounded  like  that  of  a  person  being  ill-used,  hasten  towards  the  sound.  On  arriving  at  the  corner  of  South  John-street  and  Lord-street,  two  police policemen  men policemen  came  up,  holding  a  tipsy  man,  whom  they  had  handcuffed,  with  his  hands  behind  his  back.  The  man  was  walking  as  steadily  as  a  man  could  walk  in  his  position  ;  and  when  he  had  gone  a  short  distance  from  the  corner  of  John-street,  in  the  direction  of  Castle-street,  the  policeman  who  walked  between  the  unfortunate  man  and  the  wall,  suddenly  gave  the  poor  fellow  a  jerk  by  the  collar,  when  he)  fell  with  great  violence  flat  on  the  flags.  On  seeing  this  we  instantly  ran  to  the  spot,  where  we  found  the  man  perfectly  insensible,  and  bleeding  most  profusely,  from  a  frightful  gash  in  his  face.  To  have  interfered  at  this  moment  Would  have  involved  us  in  the  certainty  of  being  dragged  to  Bridewell,  and  charged  with  inter intermedling  medling intermedling  with  in  the  discharge  of  his  duty.  We  went,  however,  to  the  Bridewell,  yester yesterday  day yesterday  morning,  where  we  were  told  that  some  man  had  been  taken  to  the  Hospital  in  a  cart,  or  a  truck,  or  something,  in  the  course  of  the  n;gllt  And  we  find  by  our  Police  rppc  , STYLE=superscript  ,t  of  yesterday,  that  gnmo  mam.  ;,Hargett  by  the  police  was  in  the  Hospital,  and  too  ill  to  attend.  To  applaud  the  London  Drayman  for  flogging  a  Haynau,  while  such  a  system  as  this  is  suffered  in  our  streets,  is  simply  to  hold  up  England  to  the  contempt  and  ridicule  of  the  world.  The  last  case,  to  which  we  have  alluded,  shall  not  be  lost  sight  of,  as  it  is  one  of  great  public  importance.  Since  writing  the  above,.  we  have  ascertained  that  the  ill-used  man  alluded  to  is  in  the  Northern  Hospital,  and  the  account  given  of  the  affair  there  is  very  different  from  the  facts  of  the  case.  Our  reporter  was  informed  that  tho  man's  name  was  JAMES  WILLIAMS,  and  that  had  been  taken  to  Bridewell  by  a  number  of  boys,  and  from  thence  forwarded  to  the  Hospital  ;  that  his  face  was  much  cut  and  bruised,  and  that  he  was  a  little  This  matter  must  be  followed  up  by  the  public,  unless,  indeed,  we  are  prepared  to  submit  to  a  wholesale  system  of  savage  brutality.  The  new  fortifications  at  Dour  will  be  ready  in  July,  1E154.  GLASGOW  AND  SOUTH-WESTERN  RAlLWAY.—Traffic  for  the  week  ending  December  10th,  1853,  4,6091,  10s.  sd.  Corresponding  week,  1852,  3,8731.  108.  Bd.  Increase  in  1863,  635/.  19s.  9d.  Tres  CHOLERA.—ADRIATIC  PORTS.—The  rigorous  quaran quarantine  tine quarantine  lately  imposed  on  vessels  arriving  from  Great  Britain,  has  been  removed  in  the  Adriatic  ports  of  the  Roman  States  ;  and  vessels  arriving  from  Great  Britain  in  those  ports  will  be  admitted  on  the  same  footing  as  vessels  coming  from  the  .ports  of  France,  Sardinia,  and  Tuscany.  EAST  GLOUCESTER  ELECTION.—On  Monday  evening  a  public  meeting  of  the  electors  was  held  at  the  Booth-hall,  Gloucester,  to  hear  an  e  x  p  os  iti  on  o  f  t  h  e  po  li  tical  sentiments  of  Mr.  Edward  Holland,  one  of  the  candidates  for  the  representation  of  East  Gloucestershire.  '  The  room  was  crowded  to  overflowing,  and  the  result  was  a  motion  pro proposed  posed proposed  by  Mr.  Strange,  to  support  Mr.  Holland.  AMERICA  AND  THE  SULTAN.--A  letter  from  Berlin  says  A:  piece  of  curious  news  is  circulated  here  as  authentic,  but  the  truth  of  which  st  is  impossible  to  ascertain  at  Berlin.  Namik  Pascha  has  not  succeeded  at  Paris  in  negociating  a  loan.  This  was  to  be  expected.  But  what  could  not  be  foreseen  is  that  the  United  States  of  America  have  (so  it  is  said)  offered  a  very  considerable  sum  to  the  Porte,  on  the  condition  that  some  small  island  in  the  Archi Archipelago  pelago Archipelago  shall  be  ceded  to  them.  QUARTER  SESSIONS.--The  following  persons  convicted  at  the  Quarter  Sessions,  were  sentenced  on  yesterday  :—David  Clarke,  four  years  penal  servitude;  William  Fletcher,  one  weeks'  imprisonment  and  hard  labour  ;  William  eighteen  calendar  months'  imprisonment,  with  hard  labour;  Johanna  Russell,  four  calendar  months,  and  hard  labour;  Margaret  Dee,  three  calendar  months,  and  hard  labour;  Margaret  Brown,  six  weeks,  and  hard  labour  ;  Mary  Dee,  three  calendar  months,  and  hard  labour  ;  Thomas  Cain,  five  calendar  months,  and  hard  labour,  one  week  solitary.  SUDDEN  DEATH.—Yesterday  an  inquest  was  held  on  the  body  of  William  Lea,  who  died  suddenly  the  preview  morning.  The  deceased  was  32  years  of  age,  and  clerk  in  the  employ  of  the  London  and  North  Western  railway  com company  pany company  at  the  goods  station  in  Wapping.  On  Tuesday  morn morning  ing morning  about  10  o'clock  the  deceased  took  an  order  to  one  of  the  shipping  clerks,  named  John  Spender,  who  was  at  the  time  in  a  hut  under  the  large  goods  shed  ih  Crosbie-street.  After  he  left  Mr.  Spender  he  went  through  No.  4  door  into  Crosbie-street,  and  immediately  fell  down  side-ways  and  rolled  over.  He  was  carried  into  the  shed  and  laid  on  some  straw,  where  he  died  immediately.  On  searching  him  a  letter  was  found  that  had  been  written  by  the  deceased  to  Mr.  Salter,  cashier,  in  that  branch  of  the  establish  men  t,  i  n  which  the  deceased  begged  most  earnestly  for  the  loan  of  two  pounds  on  account  of  his  wages  which  are  paid  monthly.  Across  this  was  written  a  refusal  saying  that  it  was  contrary  to  orders,  and  on  the  back  of  the  same  sheet  was  a  request  that  the  gentleman  would;  reconsider  the  request  and  that  Mrs.  Lea  had  come  to  the  office  and  it  would  be  a  great  disappointment  if  she  had  to  go  without  the  money.  This  was  also  refused.  There  was  also  what  appeared  to  be  a  copy  of  a  letter  written  on  tissue  paper  making  a  request  for  money  to  his  parents  and  urgently  requesting  the  loan  of  some  money  to  help  him  out  of  his  present  difficulties.  It  was  stated  to  the  court  that  the  clerks  generally  felt  it  to  be  a  great  grievance  that  their  wa;es  are  paid  monthly,  it  being  a  very  great  loss  to  their  families,  who,  if  their  wages  were  paid  weekly,  would  be  enabled  to  pay  ready  money  for  goods  instead  of  being  obliged  to  get  them  on  credit.  The  coroner  said  these  were  arrangements  for  the  directors  of  the  company  and  did  not  come  within  his  jurisdiction.  He  put  it  to  the  jury  whether  they  ought  not  to  have  the  body  opened  to  ascertain  the  cause  of  death.  The  jury  said  they  would  rather  first  view  the  body.  Mr.  Kelly,  of  Park-lane,  the  surgeon,  who  was  called  in  at  the  time  of  death  went  with  the  jury  and  deposed  that  the  de deceased  ceased deceased  had  died  of  serous  apoplexy  (without  n.aking  a  post  mortem).  The  jury  were  satisfied  with  the  surgeon's  evi evident  dent evident  eand  returned  a  verdict  in  accordance  therewith."
