text
"THE  NORTILEEN  taTLY  TIMES.  SCRIPTURAL  EDUCATION  IN  CONNA  UGHT.  A  meeting  of  those  interested  in  the  promotion  of  Scriptural  and  industrial  education  in  Connaught,  was  held  in  the  Myrtle-street  chapel,  at  seven  o'clock  last  evening.  There  was  a  large  attendance.  The  chair  was  taken  by  the  Rev.  ALEXANDER  CROMER.  The  CHAIRMAN  opened  the  proceedings  by  a  brief  explana explanation  tion explanation  of  the  objects  for  which  the  Connaught  Industrial  and  Scriptural  Education  Society  had  been  formed,  and  showed  how  necessary  it  was  in  that  province  of  Ireland,  where  popery  so  extensively  prevailed.  He  said  that  mission  pro proprosed  prosed proprosed  to  make  happy  homes,  and  to  prepare  those  whom  they  instructed,  to  live  as  they  should  do  in  this  life,  and  to  be  ready  for  the  life  to  come.  In  a  future  day,  those  who  had  been  instructed,  would  look  back  to  those  men  who  had  taught  them  and  been  with  them,  and  manifested  for  them  kindness  unspeakable  as  those  whose  hands  had  snatched  them  from  the  misery  of  time,  and  prepared  them  for  the  glory  of  eternity.  (Applause.)  The  Rev.  Mr.  ALBAN,  superintendent  of  the  Connaught  Scriptural  and  Industrial  SchoOls,  stated  the  objects  and  progress  of  the  society,  and  the  reasons  which  had  led  them  to  appeal  that  night  to  the  sympathy  and  r.ssistance  of  the  people  of  Liverpool.  He  said  that  three  years  since,  the  Rev.  Dr.  Dill  had  pleaded  successfully  for  the  same  schools  in  England.  Of  the  sum  which  he  received  he  gave  him  (Rev.  Mr.  Alban)  two-thirds,  because  the  field  of  labour  into  which  he  had  been  sent,  was  much  larger  than  that  which  he  Dr.  Dill  then  occupied.  He  gave  him  £lOB9  14s.  6d.  The  sum  raised  in  Liverpool  was  about  £370.  The  schools  were  originally  supported  by  their  friends  in  Scotland  and  in  the  north  of  Ireland.  They  commenced  with  two  schools  in  1846,  which  became  twenty  schools  in  1848,  and  were  forty-five  schools  in  •  1853,  and  they  had  fifty  teachers  occupied  in  these  schools.  The  rapid  increase  of  these  schools  and  the  necessity  of  bringing  qualified  teachers  from  Ulster,  who  could  teach  reading,  writing,  and  the  sewed  muslin  manufacture  among  the  female  children,  increased  the  expendi expenditure.  ture. expenditure.  In  the  year  terminating  May,  1851,  the  subscriptions  received  from  Scotland  and  the  north  of  Ireland,  from  associa associations,  tions, associations,  congregations,  Sabbath  schools,  and  individuals,  amounted  to  £745,  while  the  expenditure  for  salaries,,  .chool  requisites,  school  houses,  aloehio  g  ,  and  some  food,  because  all  the  ..diouts  began  as  ragged  schools,  and  as  a  number  of  the  poor  children  had  but  one  scanty  meal  in  the  four  hours,  they  were  obliged  to  allow  each  of  them  d.  worth  of  meal  a  day,  amounted  to  £978,  which  required  £233  to  be  taken  from  the  English  fund  lodged  in  his  hands;to  supply  the  deficiency.  In  the  year  1852,  £155  was  required  from  the  English  fund.  In  May,  1853,  £353  was  required  from  the  Riglish  fund,  because  the  contributions  had  fallen  off.  Last  summer  they  declined  still  more,  and  in  order  to  pay  up  the  salaries  of  teachers,  rents,  school-houses,  school  requisites,  and  all  other  expenditure  connected  with  the  work,  during  the  half-year  it  required  £263  of  the  English  fund  to  supply  the  deficiency.  There  had  been  expended,  therefore,  of  the  . STYLE=superscript  XlOB9  14s.  6d.  given  into  his  hands  three  years  ago  by  the  Rev.  Dr.  Dill,  £lOO5  9s.  11d.,  leaving  £B4  4s.  7d.  of  that  sum,  which  was  by  no  means  eqhal,  he  said  prospectively,  to  meet  the  wants  of  the  present  quarter.  If  the  people  of  England  withheld  their  aid,  one-third  of  the  schools  now  in  existence  would  cease  to  exist.  The  schools  were  originated  in  1846,  by  his  friend  Rev.  M.  Brannigan  ;  they  were  literary  industrial,  and  pre-eminently  Scriptural.  They  taught  as  much  reading,  writing,  and  arithmetic,  as  they  thought  suited  these  poor  people.  The  sewed  muslin  manufacture  was  also  introduced  amongst  them,  by  which  some  of  the  girls  were  able  to  earn  from  3s.  to  ss.  a  week,  which,  although  it  might  appear  small  in  England,  was  quite  a  purse  in  that  part  of  Ireland.  This  sewed  muslin  manufacture,  which  they  had  introduced,  had  now  grown  so  much  beyond  their  limits,  that  the  girls  of  Connaught  were  new  earning  from  to  £15,000  to  £20,000  a  year  wages.  The  rev,  gentleman  then  made.  a  strnug  appeal  to  the  audience,  to  enable  them  to  continue  paying  teachers  for  these  schools,  without  which  the  youth  of  Connaught  could  never  acquire  that  industrial  education  which  would  enable  them  in  future  years  to  maintain  themselves.  He  then  pointed  out  the  religious  advantages  which  sprang  from  the  religious  teaching  which  saved  these  children  from  the  dominion  of  and  concluded  his  a  dd  ress  am  id  l  ou  d  an  d  general  applause.  The  Rev.  Mr.  BARNETT  described  the  degrading  occupa.  tions  in  field  labour,  to  which  the  female  peasantry  of  Con Connaught  naught Connaught  ooe,  of  whom.he  stated,  had  s.ctually  been  seen  by  a  lady,  yoked  with  - STYLE=superscript  a  cow  to  a  harrow,  and  driven  through  the  field  ;  and  showed  through  the  agency  of  their  schools,  they  had  substituted  for  such  humiliating  and  unnatural  employment,  the  pleasant  and  profitable  occupation  with  the  needle  in  a  comfortable  room  The  Rev.  Mr.  BR  A  NNIG  A  N  detailed'  the  acts  of  opposition  upon  the  part  of  the  priests,  which  they  had  to  encounter  in  the  work,  and  the  threats.  and  altar  denunciations  of  the  priests  against  all  parties  who  allowed  their  children  to  frequent  the  schools.  He  also  narrated  the  verious  burning  of  Bibles  which  the  priests  had  made,  the  miracles  which  they  had  threatened  to  perform  for  the  destruction  of  all  who  supported  the  schools,  and  the  controversies  in  which  they  had  been  engaged.  Not Not'withstanding  'withstanding Not'withstanding  all  those  effects,  he  stated  that  he  had  in  one  year  alone  709  pupils  in  the  schools  in  the  district  of  Ballycastle.  Rev.  Mr.  JOHNSON  addressed  the  meeting  at  some  length,  contrasting  the  religious  and  social  condition  of  the  province  of  Ulster  with  that  of  Connaught,  and  arguing  that  to  the  religion  of  the  former  being  almost  exclusively  Protestant  was  owing  its  great  superiority,  and  especially  that  of  the  county  of  Antrim.  to  any  other  part  of  Ireland,  as  regarded  social  and  industrial  advancement.  The  rev.  gentleman  concluded  by  an  eloquent  appeal  to  his  audience  on  behalf  of  the  Connaught  schools.  The  proceedings  then  closed  with  a  prayer."
