text
"LADY  FRANKLIN'S  EXPLORING  EXPEDITION.  By  the  Royal  Mail  steam  ,ship  Magd  a  l  ena  ,  we  h  ave  rece  i  ve  d  accounts  from  Valparaiso,  announcing  the  arrival  there  of  the  by  way  of  screw  schooner  Isabel,  se  the  Straits  of  Magellan,  on  an  exploring  expedition  in  search  of  Sir  John  Franklin.  We  are  sorry  to  learn  that  a  disagree disagreement  ment disagreement  amongst  the  officers  had  led  to  an  abandonment  of  the  whole  expedition.  The  details  are  given  in  extructs  from  the  Valparaiso  Herald  of  the  14th  of  September,  of  which  the  following  is  one  :  out  many  months  sin  Upon  her  arrival,  in  consquence  of  a  disagreement  between  Mr.  Kennedy  and  Mr.  Robert  Grate,  sailing  master,  the  latter  left  the  vessel.  Then  difficulties  arose  with  the  crew,  who  refused  to  proceed  further  in  the  vessel.  An  ap appeal  peal appeal  was  made  by  Mr.  Kennedy  to  Mr.  M‘Kay,  R.N.,  of  Her  Majesty!s  ship  Nereus,  the  result  of  which  widened  the  breach  instead  of  producing  any  good  effect—not  from  any anything  thing anything  done  by  Mr.  M•Kay,  who  acted  throughout  the  affair  in  the  most  gentlemanly  mnaner,  but  from  Mr  Kennedy  having  called  on  a  naval  officer  while  there  -vas  a  Consul  in  The  men  were  taken  on  shore  to  the  Consul  on  August  the  27th,  and  he  said  that  it  was  a  very  un unpleasant  pleasant unpleasant  thing  for  him  to  interfere  between  the  parties,  em embarked  barked embarked  as  they  were  upon  such  a  glorious  service  as  the  rescue  of  their  fellow  countrymen  from  death.  He  advised  them  to  go  on  board  and  reconsider  the  subject,  and  trusted  that  they  would  then  see  the  true  state  of  affairs,  and  that  any  unpleasantness  that  had  occurred  should  be  forgotten,  and  that  the  motto  of  all  embarked  on  such  an  expedition,  should  be  mutually  to  bear  and  forbear.  He  then  told  the  men  they  were  to  appear  before  him  again  on  Monday,  at  2  p.m.  ;  but  Mr.  Kennedy  went  on  shore  on  Thursday  morning,  and,  by  application  to  the  captain  of  the  port  got  the  men  sent  to  prison,  so  that  the  affair  was  now  fairly  out  of  the  hands  of  the  Consul.  A  new  crew  was  now  partly  engaged,  and  the  repairs  of  the  vessel  proceeded  with;  but  new  difficulties  now  arose,  which  finally  ended  in  the  engineer  leaving  the  vessel.  Mr.  Ken-  the  port  Saturday  nedy  now  seeing  that  his  path  became  more  and  more  rugged,  determined  not  to  proceed  any  further  ;  so  that  for  the  present,  the  expedition  is  abandoned,  which,  on  the  whole,  is  fortunate  for  Lady  Franklin,  as,  from  the  advanced  period  of  the  season,  it  would  have  been  impossible  to  reach  the  ice  this  season  in  time  to  render  any  service;  so  that  the  saving  of  wages  and  provisions  will  be  a  considerable  item  between  this  and  next  March,  when  it  is  to  be  hoped  that  the  vessel  will  be  dispatched  to  aid  in  the  good  work  before  her.  It  is  an  unfortunate  affair  altogether;  but  let  us  trust  that  good  may  result  from  We  have  been  favoured  with  the  perusal  of  the  journal  of  Mr.  Richard  Eardin,  engineer  to  the  Isabel,  kept  during  the  passage  from  London  to  Valparaiso.  Speaking  of  the  pas passage  sage passage  through  the  Straits  be  says,  when  near  Port  Famine,  July  1853  :  the  whole,  upon  looking  over  our  day's  work,  it  is  a  truly  surprising  one,  and  I  doubt,  if  we  were  to  make  20  voyages  to  the  Pacific  via  the  Straits  of  Magellan,  whether  we  should  ever  do  the  like  again.  Very  few  vessels,  I  am  positive,  ever  did  more  in  a  day  in  their  progress  through  the  Straits,  as  far  as  we  -have  come,  that  part  of  our  outward  voyage  that  was  most  dreaded  has  proved  the  most  fortunate  ;  it  shows  that  we  ars  but  poor  creatures,  mostly  creating  our  own  difficulties.  Our  men  have  been  continually  croaking  upon  the  dangers  to  be  apprehended  from  the  attacks  of  the  natives,  who  were  all  set  down  as  the  most  murderous  set  of  villains  that  disgraced  humanity,  so  numerous  that  you  were  beset  with  them  every  mile  of  your  progress  ;  nothing  could  take  it  out  of  their  heads  that  such  was  not  the  case  ;  and  natives  were  supposed  to  abound  in  innumerable  crowds.  We  have  seen  a  few  of  the  former,  but  of  t'-e  latter,  not  one  guanacos  &#34;'22nd.—About  12  30  this  morning  we  felt  the  first  (this  word  was  unfortunately  overlooked  by  Webster).  We  were  running  along  with  a  fresh  breeze,  when  in  an  instant  we  where  in  the  midst  of  a  hurricane  ;  it  came  on  to  blow  furiously  from  the  Patagonian  hills,  and  I  can  well  believe  what  Captain  Fitzroy  says  of  their  violenee.  The  Isabel  is  a  very  stiff  vessel,  but  this  and  the  succeeding  ones  were  too  much  for  her  ;  she  succumbed  to  them  for  a  moment,  and  then  righted.  They  only  lasted  for  a  few  moments  at  a  time,  and  were  succeeded  by  an  almost  perfect  calm,  as  if  the  ♦iolence  of  tha  effort  had  left  Monsieur  Boreas  breathless,  of  attacked  with  a  sudden  fit  of  asthma.'  On  the  same  morning,  he  says,—  &#34;'  I  saw  the  remains  of  the  penal  settlement  that  the  Chilian  Government  established  here,  and  which  was  broken  up  in  such  a  tragical  manner  by  the  rising  of  the  prisoners  and  part  of  the  garrison  ;  after  which  they  seized  an  English  bark—l  believe  the  Eliza  Cornish,  of  Plymouth—and  another  vessel,  and,  there  is  every  reason  to  believe,  murderetk  the  crew.'  Shortly  after  passing  this  settlement  the  Isabel  anchored,  and  the  commander  with  a  party,  including  our  journalist,  went  ashore.  His  description  of  the  place  is  valuable,  as  being  the  latest  visitor  whose  observations  have  been  offerred  to  the  public,  and  his  reflections  and  reasoning  upon  the  premises  will  also  be  found  interesting.  Upon  landing  we  found  wells  dug,  for  the  convenience  of  vessels  seeking  water,  close  to  the  beach,  which  was  covered  with  trunks  of  trees,  some  of  them  two  feet  in  •  diameter.  We  found  the  snow  in  some  places  two  feet  deep.  Upon  gaining  the  summit  of  St.  Anne  Point  we  directed  our  course  to  the  settlement.  Part  of  it  had  been  destroyed  by  fire.  There  were  two  fieldpieces,  one  dis-  feet  in  thickness  ;  it  was  almost  levelled.  We  found  the  tew  iron  of  a  forge  there.  There  wore  four  houses  built  of  brick  and  lined  with  pencil  cedar  on  the  south  of  the  battery,  but  they  were  constructed  in  the  rudest  manner,  an  adze  only  having  been  used  to  smooth  the  wood.  There  had  evidently  been  very  little  regard  piad  to  cleanliness  or  comfort.  To  the  north  of  the  settlement  was  the  grave graveyard,  yard, graveyard,  a  square  enclosed  space  of  about  60  feet,  upon  enter.  ing  which  the  first  object  which  atracted  our  attention  was  a  cenotaph  in  the  centre  of  the  yard,  upon  which  was  the  following  inscription  :•••‘  Sacred  to  the  memory  of  Captain  Pringle  Stokes,  Royal  Navy,  who  died  at  Port  Famine,  while  in  command  of  her  Majesty's  ship  Beadle,  Ist  of  August,  1828.  His  body  was  buried  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  bay.  This  board  was  put  up  by  her  Majesty's  ship  ilavanttah,  21st  September,  1851.'  It  was  a  singular  thing  to  come  upon  such  a  record  in  such  a  place,  surrounded  as  it  was  by  the  graves  of  such  a  set  of  fellows  ;  no  one  can  question  the  feelings  that  prompted  its  erection.  Would  it  not  have  been  better  to  have  placed  it  over  his-head,  if  it  had  been  re required?  quired? required?  Some  people  would  cavail  at  the  idea  of  recording  the  death  of  a  suicide  in  any  manner  ;  in  Scotland  it  would  not  be  allowed  ;  but  surely  if  ever  any  one  deserved  such  a  remem remembrance,  brance, remembrance,  it  was  poor  Captain  Stokes,  whose  mind  had  become  unhinged  by  his  performance  of  one  of  the  hardest  duties  ever  intrusted  to  man—the  survey  of  a  portion  of  the  Straits  in  the  winter  time;  and  also  by  his  great  devotion  to  the  cause  of  sci science  ence science  and  Sumanity.  His  death  added  another  to  the  long  array  of  the  martyrs  of  science.  Peace  be  to  thee  !  and  let  us  trust  that  the  Recording  Angel,  when  he  entered  that  deed  performed  by  thee  while  in  a  state  of  insanity,  blotted  out  all  previous  record  of  thy  faults  and  frailties.  There  was  only  one  other  headstone  in  the  yard,  and  the  inscription  upon  it  was  in  Spanish.  There  had  been  an  enclosure  for  cattle,  apparently,  but  not  the  east  attempt  at  the  formation  of  a  gai  den,  or  place  for  agricul agriculural  ural agriculural  improvement.  I  suspect  that  it  was  the  fact  of  not  keeping  he  prisoners  usefully  empioyed  that  led  to  the  events  which  preceded  the  breaking  up  of  the  colony.  The  morality  must  have  been  very  great  among  the  parties  there  resident,  as  the  yard  was  entirely  filled  with  graves,  each  surmounted  by  a  wooden  cross.  Some  of  them  had  been  buried  like  the  Indians,  as  there  were  three  of  the  bodies  above  ground,  the  thigh  bones  of  one  of  them  protruding.  I  think  there  is  no  doubt  that  great  rigour  had  been  used  with  them,  as  I  do  not  think  common  causes  would  have  produced  so  great  a  mor mortality.  tality. mortality.  are  some  roots  of  large  trees  on  the  south  front  of  Mount  Felipe,  some  as  much  as  four  feet  in  diameter  three  feet  from  the  roots,  and  it  appears  to  have  been  thickly  wooded  at  one  time  Upon  going  into  the  Governor's  residence,  we  found  records  of  several  visitors  who  had  left  their  cards  on  the  walls,  stating  name  of  vessels,  date  of  visit,  &amp;c.  The  last  one  was  as  follows  Thomas  Kandrick,  Hudson's  Bay  Company  steam  bark  Otter,  May  9,  1853—bound  to  Vanconver's  Island Island-20  -20 Island-20  of  crew,  six  passengers.'  Another  was  '  George  Brown,  Ellsworth,  Maine,  United  States.  A  schooner,  Victory,  50  tons,  bound  to  California—all  well,  13  in  all,  seven  pas-  sengers  there  was  not  •  much  of  interest  to  occupy  our  attention,  and  having  proved  that  there  were  no  Chilians  remaining,  we  came  on  board  Saturday,  231  d.—As  the  men  had  been  very  hard  worked  since  we  entered  the  Straits,  I  proposed  to  Mr.  Kennedy  that  I  should  keep  watch  at  night,  to  allow  them  one  night  of  uninterrupted  rest.  Accordingly  I  had  the  middle  watch,  and  as  I  wanted  to  find  out  the  rise  and  fall  of  the  tide,  I  every  hour  put  over  the  hand  lead  and  marked  the  depth  of  water  at  the  water's  edge,  and  to  secure  greater  accuracy,  I  marked  a  place  on  the  ship's  gunwale,  and  marked  the  line  there  also.  The  following  was  the  result  obtained  :—The  tide  turned  at  1.30  a.m.  At  1.30  the  rise  was  14  inches  ;  from  2.30  to  3.30  the  rise  was  151  inches;  from  3.30  to  4.30  it  was  17  inches  ;  from  4.30  to  5.30  it  was  12  inches  ;  giving  .  a  mean  per  hour  for  four  hours  of  rather  more  than  14.1  IMPORTATION  OF  GOATS  INTO  WAL  ES  .—Singular  as  it  may  appear,  yet  i  t  is  perfectly  true,  that  large  flocks  of  Goats  have  recently  been  imported  into  Wales  from  the  Highlands  of  Scotland.  This  step  has  been  rendered  ne necessary  cessary necessary  by  the  almost  total  extinction,  in  many  parts  of  the  principality,  of  one  of  th  e  or  i  g  i  na  l  i  n  h  a  bit  an  t  s  o  f  th  e  coun country.  try. country.  This  scarcity  of  the  goat  has  arisen  from  the  extensive  enclosure  of  barren  and  waste  lands  for  the  purpose  of  agri agriculture,  culture, agriculture,  and  the  numb  er  o  f  pl  an  tations  made  of  late  years  ;  these,joined  with  the  fact  that  the  tenants  have  been  dis dispuraged  puraged dispuraged  from  keeping  up  the  breed,  have  materially  operated  in  rendering  scarce  this  hardy  animal.  The  importations  have  been  with  a  twofold  object;  but  the  principal  one  is  that  the  milk  of  the  goat  is  very  nutritious  and  large  in  quantity,  and,  as  the  animal  can  easily  be  kept  upon  herbs  and  garden  refuse,  it  falls  within  the  power  of  any  poor  cottager  to  keep  a  goat,  which,  in  return,  would  afford  a  full  supply  of  milk  at  comparatively  no  expense.  In  the  neighbourhood  of  the  iron  works  flocks  of  these  animals  would  prove  of  great  utility  and  economy.  AN  APOLOGY.—One  of  our  weekly  exchanges  gives  the  following  naive  excuse  for  lac  k STYLE=superscript  of  editorial  matter.  The  editor  is  still  absent,  and  the  pro  tern.  has  run  out  of  in  the  way  of  editorials.  The STYLE=superscript  recent  change  in  the  weather  has  served  to  cool  us  down,  and  we  don't  feel  like  splurging  this  week  Advertiser.  P3_TB00078 Ls  de`'  P3_TB00079 toe)  fv,  90P  P3_TB00080 ..,p;  •  OP"
