text
"CALIFORNIA.  The  steamer.  United  States,  from  Aspinwall,  arrived  at  New  Orleans  orr  the  25th  ult.,  with  advices  to  the  Ist  of  November.  The  steamer  Illinois  has  arrived  at  New  York,  from  Aspinwall,  with  $1,000,000  in  gold  dust.  The  Pro Prometheus  metheus Prometheus  has  arrived  at  New  York,  from  San  Juan,  with  $1,754,868  in  gold  dust.  By  these  arrivals  we  have  a  fortnight's  later  news  from  California.  -  The  most  absorbing  questions  are  the  proposed  removal  of  the  capital,  and  the  election  of  a  United  States  Senator,  to  take  his  seat  in  1855.  The  pripcipal  candidates  are  Messrs.  Broderick,  Harnford,  and  Gwin.  Two  steamers—the  American  _Eagle  and  Stockton—had  exploded,  killing  two  persons.  The  mining  news  is  interesting,  and  the  miners  generally  were  prosperous.  Many  new  placers  had  been  discovered.  Emigration  to  Australia  had  ceased,  The  Sonora  fillibusterinc  , STYLE=superscript  ')  expedition,  attracted  much  at attention,  tention, attention,  and  there  was  but  little  sympathy  for  it  amongst  the  people.  It  would  probably  prove  an  utter  failure.  The  complimentary  dinner  to  John  Mitchel  took  place  ore  the  25th  October,  and  Mitchel  sailed  on  the  Ist  November,  ell  route  for  New  York.  •  The  total  amount  of  treasure  shipped  from  San  Francisco,  on  the  Ist  November,  by  both  routes,  was  $2,750,000,  mostly  for  New  York.  The  fine  Wilding  Ine,vn  as  the  Sam  Francisco  Hotel  has  been  entirely  consumed  by  fire.  A:serious  riot  is  reported  to  have  occurred  at  a  place  called  Martinez,  in  which  three  Spaniards  were  killed.  Trade:in  San  Francisco,  and  indeed  throughout  Califor California,  nia, California,  is  represented  as  exceedingly  dull,  owing  to  the  immense  stock  of  goods  on  hand,  and  all  articles  except  flour  have  met  with  a  further  decline.  Flour,  however,  is  quoted  as  being  firmly  held.  The  crops  were  turning  out  fine.  The  present  season  has  been  the  healthiest  known  in  Cali California,  fornia, California,  since  the  discovery  of  'gold  within  her  borders.  There  is  very  little  sickness  in  any  portion  of  the  state.  Ou  the  Ist  of  November  the  weather  throughout  the  state  was  clear  and  pleasant,  and  there  was  no  prospect  of  the  early  commencement  of  the  rainy  season.  The  improvementS  in  Sacramento  are  spokenof  favourably.  On  the  2nd  of  November,  1852,  ,  -this  city  was  in,  ashes.  On  the  Ist  of  November  1853,  the  entire  ground  on  which  the  former  town  stood,  was  covered  with  buildings  far  superior  to  those  destroyed,  and  among,  them  two  hundred  and  fifty  fire  pied  stores.  The  streets  haVe  been  elevated  above  high  water  mark,  the  main  thoroughfares  planked,  and  a  plank  road  completed  to  the  Ten  Mile  House,  on  the  Comma  road.  The  old  levee  has  been  widened  and  strengthened,  and  in  order  to  more  effectually  protect  the  city  against  the  en encroachments  croachments encroachments  of  the  waters  of  the  Sacramento  and  American,  a  new  levee  has  been  built,  extending  from  the  foot  of  It.  street  eastward  to  the  high  grouind,  and  thence  northward  to  the  American  river.  The  town  numbered  14,000  souls.  The  telegraphic,  wires  are  stretched  from  San  Francisco  to  Marysville  via  San  Jose,  Stockton,  and  Sacramento,  and  messages  are  transmitted  regularly.  The  Auburn  and  Neveda  line  is  also  in  operation."
