text
"POLICE  COURT.  —YE  ST  E  The  o  Bice  on  this  morning  was  densely  crowftdowith  parties  anxious  to  ascertain  the  fate  of  their  many  ificii:d:s  who  had  -  been  taken  up  the  night  before  for  drunkenness,  le  the  penalty  with  which  their  offence  might  be  visited.  several  instances  the  police  were  also  assaulted,  but  we  believe  that  on  the  whole,  the  cases  both  of  drunkenness  and  dis disorderly  orderly disorderly  conduct,  were  much  less  than  was  expected.  A  SUSPECTED  ROBBERY.  —AmeIia  Woods,  was  locked  up  for  being  drunk  and  disorderly.  When  she  was  taken  to  the  bridewell,  in  a  perfectly  .  unconscious  state,  it  was  found  that  she  had  in  her  possession  £42  10s.  This  excited  sus suspicion,  picion, suspicion,  and  when  she  awoke,  being  .  somewhat  revived  from  the  :stupor  which  she  had  been,  in,  she  was  asked  what  money  she  had  in  her  possession  ?  She  replied,  £2  10s.,  and  from  that  reply,  the  charge  of  drunk  and  disorderly  was  made  into  felony,  and  she  was  called  upon  to  give  an  account  of  how  she  became  possessed  of  the  money,  it  being  supposed  that  she  robbed  a  Mr.  James  Bashow,  in  Whitechapel,  but  as  that  gentleman  could  not  identify  the  prisoner,  she  was  committed  for  only  two  months'  imprisonment.  AN  IMPUDENT  ROBBERY.—On  Saturday  night,  a  lad,  named  Patrick  Mack,  who  has  repeatedly  appeared  before  the  public  at  the  police  court,  charged  with  various  offences,  entered  the  public  house  kept  by  James  Park,  in  King-street,  and  deliberately  walked  behind  the  counter  and  took  the  till,  in  which  was  about  3s.  from  the  counter.  The  ;  rattling  of  the  money  caused  the  landlord  to  be  alarmed,  and  he  ran  into  the  bar,  when  the  prisoner  fell  upon  his  knees,  begged  his  pardon,  and  said  he  only  wanted  a  drink  of  water.  He  was  committed  for  trial.  _  _  COMPROMISING  A  FELONY.  —Elisabeth  Jones,  domestic  servant  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  Lloyd,  of  Greenfield-terrace,  was  charged  with  stealing  three  sovereigns  from  a  drawer,  while  her  mistress  was  absent  at  chapel,  having  .  previously  placed  the  money  so  as  to  be  enabled  to  detect  if  any  was  taken  out.  As  it  appeared  that  the  prosecutor's  wife  had  received  £1  12s.  of  the  money,  and  promised  that  she  woula  not  tell  about  the  (robbery,  the  prisonp”,  uer  cousin,  who  was  also  inanlieg+..a  um  mime,  were  remanded  for  a  four  Gays.  Christopher  Martin  was  commited  for  three  months,  for  picking  the  pocket  of  Mrs.  Lawrence,  in  the  St.  James's  Market,  of  3s.  6d.  A  TRUE  BRITON.—A  tall,  respectably-dressed  man,  named.  William  P.  Simmons,  who  had  evidently  but  recently  (judg (judging  ing (judging  by  his  own  hirsute  ornamellt),  given  in  his  adhesion  to  ,  the  moustache  movement,  was  charged  with  obstructing  the'  police  in  the  discharge  of  their  duty.  Officer  274  stated  that  he  took  into  custody,  in  Russell-street,  a  woman  for  using  obsee...  language  ;  and  as  he  was  taking  her  towards  the  station,  she  threw  herself  on  the  ground  and  commenced  to  scream  most  violently.  The  defendant  then  came  up  and  wanted  him  to  release  her.  The  defendant,  who  rolled  out  his  sentences  a  la  imparting  to  the  court,  in  bursts  of  confidence,  his  opinion  de  omnibus  rebus,  stated  that  as  he  was  coming  down  Russell-street,  with  his  wife  on  his  left  arm  and  his  stick  on  his  he  heard  the  cries  of  a  female  in  distress.  In  his  opinion  'no  true  En Englishman  glishman Englishman  could  resist  the  impulsive  feelings  aroused  in  his  breast  by  such  a  circumstance—the  distress  of  an  un unprotected  protected unprotected  female.  He  accordingly,  with  his  wife  and  hastened  to  the  spot,  and—got  The  Magistrate  told  him  that  it  was  an  old  trick  of  those  unfortunate  women,  when  taken  by  the  police,  to  commence  screaming  to  enlist  sympathy.  It  was  to  be  be  regretted  that  kind-hearted  people  should  be  so  deceived  and  led  into  error,  but  as  the  law  could  not  be  carried  out  if  such  inter interference  ference interference  were  allowed,  he  should  fine  him  in  10s.  and  costs,  or  commit  him  for  seven  days.  DISTURBANCE  IN  A  CHURCH.—A  very  respectably  dressed  man  was  charged  with  interrupting  the  service  in  St.  Peter's  church  on  Monday  afternoon.  •  The  Rev.  W.  Toulmin  said  that  as  he  was  administering  the  sacrament  of  baptism,  the  service  was  frequently  inter interrupted  rupted interrupted  by  the  defendant,  who  was  quite  intoxicated.  He  believed  that  the  man  himself  was  a  very  quiet  and  inoffen inoffensive  sive inoffensive  person,  and  therefore  he  considered  that  the  blame  was  not  so  much  his  as  those  who  brought  him  into  the  church  in  such  a  state.  On  that  account  he  did  not  wish  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  should  be  severely  dealt  with,  but  as  the  service  in  the  church  was  frequently  disturbed  by  such  occurrences,  he  wished  that  the  magistrate  would  publicly  declare  that  there  was  a  very  heavy  penalty  attaching  to  such  offences.  The  prisoner  said  that  he  was  now  very  sorry  for  his  con conduct,  duct, conduct,  but  that  at  the  time  he  was  not  conscious  of  what  he  was  doing.  Mr.  Mansfield  informed  him  that  if  the  clergymen  of  'St  Peter's  were  disposed  to  prosecute  him  they  could  de,  so  in  the  Ecclesiastical  Court,  and  at  an  expense  which  would  be  ruinous  to  him.  Re  was  fined  55.,  and  costs,  Ur  in  default  to  be  committed  for  five  days.  THE  BEST  AND  CHEAPEST  STOCK  OF  WINTER  COAT-8  in  LIVERPOOL,  at  Wm.  EARP  and  c  0  ,  - STYLE=superscript  t,  69  and  61,  FORD  STREET  ATTEMPT  TO  Itiri  TlLL.—Yesterday,  at  the  Salford  Town-hall,  a  boy  named  James  Barney  was  found  guilty  of  attempting  to  rob  a  till  at  a  provision-shop  in  Ordsall-lane.  He  was  ordered  to  be  once  whipped  and  discharged.  .  STEALING  A  BONNET.—Yesterday,  at  the  Salford  Town Townyoung  young Townyoung  WOMAU  riCO2IO4I  licuvy  Al  r STYLE=superscript  avavoi.ght;  TT  h,l  ocaid  had  been  a  factory  worker,  was  committed  to  the  sessions  on  a  charge  of  stealing  a  bonnet  from  a  house  in  Toft-street,  0  rdsall-s  tree  t.  THE  LARGEST  ASSORTMENT  IN  TOWN  OF  BOYS'  and  YOUTHS'  CLOTHING,  beautifully  made,  At  Wm.  EARP  and  CO.'S,  59,  and  61,  LORD  STREET.  FROST  AND  SNow.—Yesteriay  morning,  at  an  early  hour,  wo  had  what  is  not  usual  at  this  season—abun season—abundance  dance season—abundance  of  thunder  and  lightning.  The  frost  was  severe  all  the  previous  night,  and  the  thunder  was  succeeded  by  a  heavy  fall  of  snow.  Show  has  now  come  upon  us  for  the  first  time  this  year,  although  many  other  places  have  had  that  wintry  visitant—London  amongst  them.  The  trains  between  this  and  London  were  all  late  yesterday,  and  last  night  the  London  morning  journals  due  at  1  p.m.  did  not  reach  hero  until  6  o'clock  in  the  evening.  During  the  prevalence  of  frost,  a  practice  exists  in  Liverpool,  highly  dangerous  to  life  and  limb  ;  we  allude  to  the  habit  of  boys  forming  or  slides,  along  the  public  footwalks.  The  police  should  prevent  this  as  far  as  possible.  The  arrest  of  ofte  or  two  of  the  offending  urchins  might  have  a  very  wholesome  effect.  But  public  safety  requires  some  means  should  be  adopted  of  preventing  a  very  dangprous  practice.  THE  ART-UNION  or  LONDON.—The  distribution  of  the  prints  due  to  the  subscribers  of  last  year,  ar,  namely,  Queen  Philippa  and  the  Burgesses  of  and  Christ  led  to  has  been  commenced.  This  is  effected  to  a  considerable  extent  by  means  of  the  Society's  local  honorary  secretaries  situated  in  all  parts  of  the  world.  During  the  last  two  or  three  weeks  boxes  and  packages  have  been  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  these,  containing  17,500  prints,  with  17,500  sheets  of  tissue  paper  between  them  '  •  55,300  copies  of  prospectus  ;  13,575  receipts  ;  13,575  print  orders,  in  books  of  25  each  ;  8,000  circulars  for  the  local  secretaries  to  send  out;  8,000  almanacs  and  other  papers  ;  amounting,  in  the  whole,  to  137,000  piecs  !  This  is  exclusive  of  the  London  distribution.  —The  Builder.  FIRES  LAST  Nu:  arr.—About  eight  o'clock  last  evening,  a  fire  broke  out  in  the  cement  works,  Parfield-street,  Vauxhall Vauxhallroad,  road, Vauxhallroad,  and  before  that  was  perfectly  extinguished,  another  broke  out  in  the  shop  occupied  by  Mr.  M'Parlaine,  hosier,  Scotland-road.  Although  the  engine  and  fire  brigade,  under  the  command  of  Mr.  Hewitt,  were  quickly  on  the  spot,  the  fire  was  not  extinguished  until  all  the  goods  in  the  shop  w  ere  totally  destroyed.  At  present  it  has  not  been  ascertained  how  the  fire  originated,  but  the  property  was  fully  .  insured.  There  was  an  alarm  given  that  there  was  a  fire  in  Falkner-street,  but  upon  the  reels  being  sent  twice  it  was  discovered  that  it  was  a  false  alarm.  The  fire  in  Scot Scotland-road  land-road Scotland-road  has  done  upwards  of  £2OO  worth  of  damage,  including  the  stook  in  the  shop  and  the  premises.  PEINCRI  ADAM  CZA.R'TORYSKL—The  Polish  exiles  in  Lon London  don London  assembled  numerously  on  the  2lst  inst.,  at  Sussex Sussexchambers,  chambers, Sussexchambers,  Duke-street,  St.  James's,  to  read  the  speech  of  Prince  Adam  Czartoryski,  delivered  by  his  highness  at  Paris  on  the  29th  ult.,  and  voted  to  him  an  address  expres expressive  sive expressive  of  confidence,  respect,  and  gratitude  for  the  indefati indefatigable  gable indefatigable  manner,  ability,  and  prudence  with  which,  from  his  earliest  days,  and  during  a  long  and  unblemished  career,  that  illustrious  patriot  has  been  watching  over  the  future  destinies  of  Poland.  That  the  general  aspect  of  European  politics  opens  a  new  field  to  Polish  patriotism  cannot  be  de denied,  nied, denied,  and  that  the  worthy  Prince  is  by  his  antecedents,  his  name,  and  his  position,  the  national  representative  in  foreign  lands  of  the  rights  of  his  country  is  also  undeniable.  The  address  was  signed  on  the  part  of  the  assembled  by  Lieute Lieutenant  nant Lieutenant  Charles  Szulczewski,  who  occupied  the  chair  on  the  oc occasion,  casion, occasion,  and  by  Mr.  N.  F.  Zaba,  THE  AUSTRALIAN  MA.1148,---SOUTHAMPTON,  SATURDAY,  DEC.  24.—The  next  contract  mails  for  the  Australian  colonies  will  be  dispatched  from  Southampton  on  the  4th  of  January,  by  the  overland  route  for  King  George's  Sound,  Adelaide,  Port  Philip,  and  Sydney,  the  ship  appointed  to  convey  them  from  Southampton  being  the  Peninsular  and  Oriental  company's  steamer  Ripon.  We  are  also  enabled  to  state  that  arrangements  have  this  day  been  entered  into  between  the  post-office  authorities  and  the  directors  of  the  general  screw  steam-shipping  company,  for  the  dispatch  of  the  outward  mails  of  the  4th  of  February,  which  are  to  be  embarked  on  board  the  screw  steamer  Bosphorous,  and  con.  veyed  to  Adelaide,  Melbourne,  and  Sydney,  tl  e  ship  touch touching  ing touching  only  at  St.  Vincent.  This  contract  with  the  government  will  not  in  any  way  interfere  with  the  departure  of  the  steam-ship  Crcesus  from  Southampton  for  Port  Philip  and  Sydney  on  the  10th  of  January.  This  vessel  has  no  postal  engagements  to  fulfill,  and  will,  therefore,  merely  take  out  ship-letter  bags.  The  Bosphorus  is  due  at  Southampton  on  the  26th  of  December,  from  Calcutta,  Madras,  the  Cape,  &amp;e.  She  left  Ceylon  two  days  before  her  usual  time,  and  is  quite  full  of  cargo  and  passengers.  Immediately  on  her  arrival  at  Southampton  she  will  be  prepared  for  the  Australian  voyage,  The  fact  of  the  post  office  authorities  having  at  length  evinced  a  disposition  to  alter  their  plans,  by  the  employment  of  steam,  instead  of  sailing  vessels,  for  carrying  the  Australian  mails,  is  a  step  in  the  right  direction.  No  great  result  can,  of  course,  be  anticipated  from  the  voyage  of  the  Bosphorus,  inasmuch  as  she  is  of  only  700  tons  burthen,  with  small  power.  She  has,  however,  made  many  successful  voyages  to  and  from  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope;  and  ,  the  Hellespont,  a  sister  vessel,  belonging  to  the  general  screw  steam  company,  made  her  run  out  to  Port  Philip  in  ,  over  70  days.  w,.,__  ---  -,--  --  ,  P3_TB00066 leo'  silo  Lai  941  P3_TB00067 ISO  ince  the  _  to  eat;  P3_TB00068 the  hree  )urgf  4  9  6 STYLE=superscript  I  i  ;  P3_TB00069 day,  nted  ,eeir  P3_TB00070 dal;  ;toe  'ties  , STYLE=superscript  ado°,  3 STYLE=superscript  :  3  1 STYLE=superscript  and  P3_TB00071 Ls  b  it STYLE=superscript  :  3  bo  o STYLE=superscript  010114"
