text
"DREADFUL  ACCIDENT  AND  LOSS  OT  ON  THE  GREAT  SOUTHERN  ANA.  TERN  RAILWAY.  LIFE  D  IVES-  A  frightful  collision  took  place  on  the  Great  Southern  and  Western  Railway  on  Wednesday  afternoon,  which  was  attended  with  loss  of  life  and  injury  to  a  number  of  passen passengers.  gers. passengers.  It  is  the  first  occurrence  of  the  kind  that  has  occurred  on  the  Irish  railways.  The  following  particulars  of  the  catastrophe  appear  in  Sounder's  News  Letter  of  yesterday  :  The  express  train  from  Cork,  with  the  first  and  second  class  carriages,  started  at  one  o'clock  yesterday  afternoon,  and  on  nearing  Straffan,  shortly  before  six,  its  progress  was  arrested  by  the  breaking  of  the  'engine.  Telegraphic  signals  were  instantly  transmitted  along  the  line  to  stop  the  goods  trains,  which  were  following  on  the  same  rails,  and  the  guard  also  ran  back  in  order  to  prevent  their  approach  if  possible.  Un Unfortunately,  fortunately, Unfortunately,  however,  the  signals  not  being  perceived,  the  first  goods  train  ran  into  the  express  train,  and  disastrous  results  ensued.  Several  passengers,  including  Dr.  Cusack,  jun.,  had  previously  jumped  out  of  the  carriages;  but  two  ladies  who  sat  in  a  first  class  carriage,  against  which  the  engine  of  the  goods  train  struck,  were  killed  instantaneously;  the  body  of  one  of  the  ladies  being  literally  severed  in  two.  A  Mrs.  Farrell  had  her  leg  torn  away  and  her  arm  broken  ;  and  Mr.  Jelly,  of  Maryborough,  had  his  head  torn  off.  As  well  as  could  be  ascertained,  it  was  believed  ten  persons  were  killed;  seven  were  brought  to  Steven's  Hospital  very  dan dangerously  gerously dangerously  wounded,  one  of  whom  has  since  died,  and  three  more  are  not  expected  to  recover  ;  and  several  others  were  more  or  less  injured.  There  was  great  difficulty,  however,  in  ascertaining  the  exact  number  of  casualties,  as  it  was  be believed  lieved believed  that  several  persons  were  lying  under  the  carriages.  At  the  time  of  the  concussion  Lord  Guillamore,  his  lady,  and  daughter  threw  themselves  on  the  floor  of  a  first-class  carriage,  and  escaped  unhurt.  Mrs.  and  Miss  Stokes  were  passengers  by  the  ill-fated  train;  the  former  escaped  harm,  but  the  latter  was  severely  hurt  in  the  face.  Immediately  on  the  news  reaching  the  King's  bridge  Terminus,  Mr.  Il  berry,  one  of  the  superintendents,  hastened  to  the  s  the  disaster,  accompanied  by  Dr.  Stokes,  Surgeon  Fleming,  and  a  numberi  of  other  medical  gentlemen,  who  rendered  every  possible  assistance  to  the  sufferers.  Dr.  Geohegan,  and  the  coroner  of  the  county  were  also  in  attendance  at  Straffan.  Some  of  the  sufferers  were  accommodated  in  houses  in  the  locality  of  the  accident  ;  others  were  conveyed  up  to  town  by  the  railway  last  night.  There  being  no  person  present  who  was  competent'  to  bring  the  disabled  engine  to  town,  Dr.  Cusack,  jun.,  after  seeing  the  sufferers  properly  taken  care  of,  took  charge  of  the  1  _ocemotivo,  and  at  derable  personal  risk  and  much  labour,  succeeded  in  bringing  it  safe  to  the  company's  works  at  Inefileore.  A  case  of  Asiatic  cholera  was  reported  in  Addison Addisonstreet  street Addisonstreet  yesterday.  ECC  4 STYLE=superscript  LESIASTICAL  INTELLIGENCE.—Tho  perpetual  curacy  of  St.  James's,  Arrington,  has  become  vacant  by  the  death  of  the  Rev.  John  Hopwood,  the  late  incumbent,  who  held  the  living  for  the  long  period  of  thirty-six  years,  having  been  appointed  to  it  in  the  year  1817.  The  living  is  in  the  gift  of  the  Huline  Trustees.  REI7ISION  OF  THE  PARLIAMENTARY  LIST  teriay,  the  Hon.  Richard  Denman,  barrisier-at-lav  s.—Yes s.—Yes-,  -, s.—Yes-,  the  per per  son  appointed  to  revise  the  lists  of  'the  parliamentary  voters  for  the  boroughs  in  South  Lancashire,  revised  the  lists  of  the  various  townships  within  the  parliamentary  borough  of  Manchester,  in  one  of  the  committee  rooms  of  do  Town  Hall,  King-street.  There  was  no  objections,  but  about  sixty  claims.  The  proceedings  created  not  the  slight slightest  est slightest  interest.  THE  DYERS'  STRIKE.—PROSPECT  OF  ITS  SPEEDY  TIMAIINATION.---We  have  much  pleasure  in  being  the  first  to  announce  that  the  unhappy  strike  (which  has  now  for  about  14  weeks  existed)  of  the  operative  dressers,  dyers,  and  finishers  of  Manchester  and  Salford,  is  likely  soon  to  be  brought  to  a  termination,  by  an  amicable  arrangement  being  effected  be between  tween between  the  masters  and  men,  both  of  whom  have  suffered  severely,  owing  to  the  long  continuance  of  the  strike.  The  bands  of  the  Messrs.  William  Andrew,  and  Son,  Tipping-street,  Ardwick,  yesterd  * STYLE=superscript  ay,  (Thursday)  morning,  resumed  work  at  the  advance  they  sought  when  they  turned  out,  namely,  3s.  per  week.  The  firm  have  kindly  given  those  of  the  hands  who  have  obtained  employment  else  3  return  ,to  their  old  employers.  their  places,  DIED,  Yesterday,  at  his  residence,  38,  Chester-street,  aged  27  years,  John,  youngest  son  of  the  late  Mr,  Jonathan  Scott.  POLICE  COURT.  -YE  STE  RDAY,  LIVERPOOL  ASSAULT  AT  SEA.—Acal  Bremer,  a  very  respectable-look respectable-looking.  ing. respectable-looking.  and  well-dressed  seaman,  prefered  a  charge  of  assault  against  Trebenion  _Hugo,  chief  mate  of  the  British  ship  Bonita.  Mr.  Bluck  appeared  for  the  complainant,  and,  by  his  wit witnesses,  nesses, witnesses,  proved  the  following  facts  :  On  the  27th  ultimo,  the  ship  was  sailing  through  the  channel,  on  her  voyage  from  Pernambuco  to  Liverpool,  and  about  half-past  eight  in  the  evenhig,  complainant  was  on  the  look  out.  The  mate  came  to  Min,  and  told  him  to  keep  a  good  look-out,  and  shortly  afterwards  he  sent  a  young  man  to  relieve  him.  Complain Complainant  ant Complainant  observed  that  it  was  a  curious  thing  to  put  this  man  on  look-out  duty,  as  this  was  the  first  voyage  he  had  ever  made.  Complainant  went  aloft  by  direction  of  his  officer  to  reef  sails,  but,  finding  that  the  man  aloft  required  no  assistance,  he  came  down.  Shortly  afterwards  the  mate  came  on  deck,  and  taking  off  his  monkey  jacket,  knocked  complainant  down  without  the  slightest  provocation,  and  beat  him  severely  about  the  head  and  shoulders  whilst  down.  Mr.  Greatly,  for  the  defence,  endeavoured  to  shew  that  complainant  was  a  grumbling  and  disobedient  hand,  but  Mr.  G.  did  not  elicit  any  evidence  to  rebut  the  charge.  The  magistrates  said  that  the  case  could  not  be  more  clearly  proved.  It  was  a  grievous  and  painful  thing  to  have  to  notice  such  cruel  conduct  on  the  part  of  a  man  bearing  the  character  of  mate  of  a  vessel.  Those  poor  men  should  be  protected  ;  they  would,  therefore,  fine  the  mate  V.  CHARGE  OF  ASSAULT.-Mr.  Campbell  appeared  to  prefer  a  charge,  on  the  part  of.  the  captain  and  mate  of  a  Turkish  vessel  [the  wages  case  reported  yesterday]  for  assault  against  four  of  the  seamen.  lie  produced  a  surgeon's  certificate  to  show  that  the  mate  had  been  injured  by  the  effects  of  the  assault,  and  could  not  appear.  The  case,  therefore,  stands  for  this  day  at  one  o'clock.  Officer  677  said  that  he  was  at  the  vessel  in  King's  dock,  and  saw  the  mate  beating  the  .  prisoners  with  an  iron  rod.  CHARGE  OF  FELONIOUS  ASSAULT  ON  A  CHlLD.  —Thomas  Denison  was  charged  with  criminally  assaulting  a  little  girl,  five  years  of  age,  in  a  hay-loft,  where  he  had  carried  her.  The  child  deposed  to  the  fact,  but  a  medical  man  said  that  appearances  were  not  incompatible  with  natural  causes.  The  magistrates  said  they  had  grave  doubts  of  the  boy's  innocence,  but  on  the  doctor's  evidence  he  must  be  dis discharged.  charged. discharged.  •  STEALING  OAKUM.  William  Conner  was  charged  by  nffirPr  A,  with  et  oaring  a  quantity  of  onhum.  110  found  him,  on  Tuesday,  in  the  Brunswick  Dock,  with  the  stolen  property  on  his  person,  of  which  he  could  give  no  account.  Joseph  Davis,  of  the  bark  deposed  to  the  oakum  belonging  to  the  ship.  The  prisoner,  who  was  known  as  a  dock  pilferer,  was  committed  for  one  month.  CHARGE  OF  STEALING  A  PARROT.—  William  Cahill  was  charged  with  stealing  a  parrot,  the  property  of  an  interesting  looking  girl  named  Martha  Christie,  of  Virginia-street,  who,  declared  she  would  not  give  her  pretty  poll  for  as  the  first  .words  it  ever  spoke  was  Martha,  m  y  dear  The  parrot  had  been  taken  from  a  little  girl  in  her  mother's  house,  who  keeps  an  ale  vault.  The  proprietress  of  the  house  gave  very  clear  evidence  that  the  prisoner  did  not  take  it,  and  said  two  gentlemen  of  her  acquaintance  bad  taken  it  far  a  and  that  Miss  Martha  would  eventually  get  back  her  favourite.  Discharged.  Rommuy  or  Goin.—Hannah  Walsh,  remanded  on  a  charge  of  stealing  two  nuggets  of  gold  from  the  person  of  a  French  sailor,  in  May-street,  was  discharged,  from  want  of  any  further  evidence;  the  gold  and  sovereigns  were  not  to  be  found.  TILE  ROBBERY  IN  GROVE-STREET.  -  Richard  _Dunne,  John  ilfi.Yulty,  Bridget  .3P-Thlty,  and  John  Singleton,  were  again  placed  at  the  bar,  and  committed  for  trial  at  the  sessions,  for  the  burglary  at  66,  Grove-street,  on  the  28th  ultimo.  APPRENTICE  CASE.—A  baker  and  flour  dealer  named  Phillips,  summoned  a  boy  who  had  been  bound  apprentice  to  him,  for  having  left  his  work.  The  boy  stated  in  his  defence,  that  he  was  bound  to  Mr.  Phillips,  to  learn  the  baking  trade,  but  that  Mr.  Phillips  had  given  up  business.  Mr.  Phillips  said  he  had  given  up  the  business  as  a  baker,  but  retained  that  of  a  flour  dealer.  Mr.  Mansfield  asked  to  see  the  indentures,  which  were  handed  up.  Mr.  Mans Mansfield  field Mansfield  :—Who  drew  up  these  indentures?  The  defendant  replied  that  they  were  drawn  up  by  complainant's  book-keeper.  Mr.  Mansfield  said_the  indentures  contained  no  provision  for  binding  over  the  apprentice  to  the  complainant's  assignees,  and  they  only  stated  that  he  was  to  be  taught  the  baking  trade,  without  a  word  about  that  of  a  flour  dealer.  Besides,  they  purported  to  be  signed  and  sealed,  whereas  there  was  no  seal  on  them.  These  were  defects  which  arose  from  not  employing  a  professional  man  in  the  drawing  up  of  such  documents.  Although  the  apprentice  might  be  morally  bound  under  them,  yet  upon  these  tech technical  nical technical  parts,  he  could  not  be  convicted  for  having  left  his  The  case  was  therefore  dismissed.  COLLISION  IN  TIIE  RlVER.—Theodore  Russ,  captain  of  the  Screw-steamer  Emelie,  summoned  William  J.  Owens,  pilot,  for  damage  done  to  the  former  vessel  by  defendant  allowing  the  Dutch  Brig  Wilhelmina  to  run  into  her.  Mr.  Anderson  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Bremner  for  the  defence.—  James  Atherton,  the  pilot  in  charge  of  the  Emilie,  was  examined,  and  deposed  that  about  half-past  eight  or  nine  o'clock,  on  Saturday  night,  the  Emilie  was  lying  at  anchor  about  two  cables'  length  from  Seacombe  pier,  when  he  heard  some  one  crying  out  starboard  The  mate  had  the  helm  hard  to  starboard  at  the  time,  and  witness  cried  out  that  it  was  so.  The  first  thing  he  saw  after  was  the  brig  running  into  the  steamer's  starboard  bow.  She  carried  away  the  foreyard,  the  foretopintist,  and  the  mizen-gaff.  There  was  plenty  of  room  at  the  time  to  allow  a  vessel  to  pass  to  starboard.  After  the  collision,  the  Emelie  was  obliged  to  get  up  steam  in  order  to  get  back  to  her  place,  as  she  had  dragged  her  anchor.  The  bowsprit  of  the  brig  passed  right  over  the  steamer's  starboard  bow.  It  was  so  dark  that  he  could  not  see  what  portion  of  the  brig  had  carried  away  the  yards  of  the  steamer.  Mr.  Mans Mansfield  field Mansfield  :—hail  you  a  light  up  ?  Witness  :—Yes  we  had  two.  To  Mr.  Bremner  :—The  wind  was  blowing  fresh  from  the  west,  and  there  was  a  strong  tide  running.  Thomas  Tax,  the  mate  of  the  Emilie,  was  examined,  and  gave  similar  evidence.  Mr.  Bremner  said  the  answer  on  behalf  of  the  defence  was  that  the  collision  happened  from  no.  fault  of  the  pilot,  who  did  all  he  could  to  avoid  it,  but  that  it  necessarily  took  place  in  consequence  of  the  state  of  the  wind  and  tide.  The  captain  of  the  brig  deposed  that  the  night  was  dark  and  squally.  The  pilot  called  out  to  the  steamer  several  times,  and  did  all  he  could  to  avoid  a  collision.  Wm.  P.  Owens,  the  pilot,  deposed  that  when  lie  saw  the  lights  of  the  steamer  he  cried  out  but  got  no  answer.  When  first  he  saw  the  lights,  the  steamer  was  not  more  than  half  a  cable's  length  from  the  brig.  The  course  he  pursued,  after  he  had  sighted  her,  was  the  proper  course  to  take.  It  was  so  dark  that  he  could  not  see  the  lights  until  they  were  close  upon  the  steamer,  and  the  tide  was  so  strong  that  the  brig,  having  her  sails  clewed  up,  did  not  answer  the  helm.  Mr.  Mansfield  said  it  was  the  opinion  of  the  Court  that  there  was  some  rashness  in  bringing  the  brig  up  the  river  under  the  circumstances,  when  she  could  not  obey  her  helm  owing  to  the  tide,  and  when  the  darkness  was  so  great  that  she  might  run  into  anything.  The  defendant  was,  therefore,  ordered  to  pay  the  amount  of  the  damage  done,  which  was  estimated  at  about  £9."
