text
"NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  SECOND  EDITION.  [BY  ELECTRIC  TELEGRAPH.]  Northern  Daily  Times  Office,  Eight  O'clock,  a.m.  THE  MINISTRY.  The  Times  understands  that  the  cabinet  will  meet  to  day  to  consider  the  steps  that  must  be  taken  to  supply  the  vacancy  so  suddenly  and  unexpectedly  occurring  in  the  ranks  of  the  ministry.  The  office  which  Lord  Palmerston  has  resigned  is  one  which  can  on  no  account  be  suffered  to  remain  vacant  for  a  single  day  longer  than  is  absolutely  necessary.  The  Times  speaks  of  Lord  John  Russell  as  Lord  Palmerston's  successor.  The  Morning  Post  is  assured  that  Lord  Palmer Palmerston  ston Palmerston  will  be  able  td  vindicate  the  course  he  has  •  pursued.  It  certainly  was  not  a  little  surprising  that  a  contemporary  should  yesterday  morning  suddenly  announce  the  resignation  of.  the  Home  Secretary,  before  his  vacation  of  office  could  be  completed  by  her  Majesty's  acceptance  of  the  tender  of  his  seals  of  office  ;  yet  this,  even  though  a  flagrant  breach  of  etiquette  was  a  matter  coin•  paratively  trifling,  when  compared  with  the  imaginary  statement  by  which  it  has  been  accom accompanied.  panied. accompanied.  A  false  statement  maliciously  put  as  his,  appears  to  the  Post  solely  for  the  purpose  of  prejudicing  the  public  mind  against  Lord  Palmerston  by  misrepresenting  alike  his  mo motives  tives motives  and  his  actions,  when  the  Times  states  through  two  columns,  and  with  every  inversion  of  phrase,  that  Palmerston  is  not  a  parliamen parliamentary  tary parliamentary  and  that  he  resigns  because  he  will  not  form  part  of  a  reforming  When  the  Times  asserts  this,  it  asserts  what  is  entirely  untrue.  The  Post;  on  the  contrary,  is  led  to  believe  that  Lord  Palmerston  has  been  ready  to  agree  to  a  very  considerable  measure  of  reform,  though  he  did  not  chodSe  to  be  a  party  to  proposing  to  parliament  measures  of  change,  which,  in  his  opinion,  went  beyond  the  necessities  of  the  time,  and  which  he  thought  inexpedient.  The  Post  complains  of  the  gross  violatio  of  the  secrecy  of  the  cabinet  councils,  and  wants  to  know  how  the  public  is  informed  through  the  Times  of  the  appointment  of  cabinet  committees,  and  what  has  passed  or  is  pretended  to  have  passed  in  them.  The  statement  in  the  Times  to  the  effect  that  it  seems  inexplicable  that  Lord  Palmerston,  having  worked  with  the  committee  appoited  to  prepare  the  bill,  should  only  have  made  known  his  objections  at  the  conclusion  of  their  labours,  is  again  quite  as  false.  The  Post  •  affirms  with  confidence,  that  it  is  untrue  that  Lord  Palmerston's  objec objections  tions objections  were  not  stated  plainly  and  distinctly  from  the  first  moment,  when  the  measures  to  which  they  related  were  proposed  and  discussed.  The  article  again  strongly  complains  of  the  false  statements  made  to  represent  Lord  Pal Palmerston's  merston's Palmerston's  motives,  especially  when  it  is  considered  that  a  period  of  perhaps  some  weeks  must  elapse  before  he  can  have  an  opportunity  of  publicly  justifying  his  conduct  to  the  country.  It  is  a  course  of  false  play,  which,  though  it  might  have  been  expected  from  the  hands  of  foreign  con conspirators,  spirators, conspirators,  who  again  and  again  contrived  such  artful  intrigues  against  the  minister  of  England,  is  totally  unworthy  of  any  Englishman.  The  article  concludes  as  follows  We  may  be  sure  that  nothing  ut  a  strong  and  insuperable  SATURDAY,  DECEMBER  17,  1853."
