text
"I  opening  contain  re  - STYLE=superscript  likovise  midor,  but  several  other  objects  of  interest  in  uu  -  '  space  will  not  permit  us  to  enumerate  them.  building  is  heated  and  ventilated  upon  Sylves Sylvester's  ter's Sylvester's  principle,  so  that  every  room  is  kept  dry,  and  in  a  well welltentilated  tentilated welltentilated  condition.  The  south  side  of  the  old  building  is  our  linilt(  The  entu-  ipprovriated  as  the  residence  of  M  much  to  say  that  the  present  condition  of  this  interesting  institution,  is  mainly  attributable  to  th  I  is  tieepiv  inuuul  hAvi  .  gentleman,  to  whom  the  botoug—  Langworthy,  Esq.,  but  for  athom  it  would  noi,  A  .  beyond  the  limited  position  which  it  first  took  up.  It  is  gratifying  to  find  that  the  people  are  not  insensible  to  the  advantages  derivable  from  this  truly  plifiauthr9pie  establish-  'uce  of  a  1 STYLE=superscript  E.  It.  ono  ment.  And  if  proof  of  that  be  called  for,  we  adduce  it  in  the  fact  that  during  the  three  and  a  half  years  in  which  it  has  been  in  existence,  upwards  of  a  million  persons  have  availed  themselves  of  the  privileges  it  holds  out  to  the  public,  and  that  130,000  volumes  have  been  given  out  to  readers  for  perusal,  without  taking  into  consideration  the  number  of  the  persons  who  frequent  the  Reading  Rooms,  which  is  always  double  that  of  those  who  take  out  books.  The  opening  at  the  cast  end  of  the  second  corridor  is  simi similar  lar similar  to  that  at  the  opposite  end,  being  formed  of  Corinthian  colums  and  antae.  At  the  east  end  and  between  the  pillars  arc  placed  upon  pedestals  two  statuettes,  one,  that  of  the  Venus  de  Medici,  and  the  other,  that  of  Diana  robing.  From  the  cast  end  of  the  second  corridor,  an  entrance  is  effected  into  the  Foreign  Natural  History  Museum.  This  room  occupies  the  eastern  part  of  the  building,  and  conthins  cases  upon  the  walls,  and  table  cases  in  the  centre  of  the  apartment,  and  under  the  windows,  filled  with  different  of  foreign  natural  history.  Lcavin  :pecimenfi  to  the  right,  aleads  on  the  north  side  of  the  upper  cor corridor,  ridor, corridor,  leads  to  the  room  which  contains  specimens  of  British  Natural  History.  These  specimens  of  British  birds,  up upwards  wards upwards  of  a  thousand  in  number,  are  enclosed  in  costly  and  We  may  state,  without  hesitation,  that  this  is  secure  eases.  the  most  complete  collection  the  museum  contait  of  the  most  interesting,  because  of  its  local  character.  Tables  run  down  the  eere  tanning  specimens  of  British  shells,  Cr&#34;'  .d  truly  British  tre  of  ale  room  eon eons,  s, eons,  fishes,  bird's-nests,  eggs,  insects,  &amp;c.  Larger  specimens  are  placed  upon  tho  walls,  between  the  windows,  and  in  other  parts  of  the  room.  We  omitted  to  state,  that  in  the  room  where  the  _Foreign  Natural  History  specimens  are  kept,  one  of  the  table  ca.;es  is  filled  with  specimens  of  the  Natural  History  of  the  Red  Sea,  lately  presented  to  the  institution  by  Sir  John  Potter,  who  collected  them  during  a  lengthened  tour  in  the  East.  The  institution  is  likewise  largely  indebted  to  Mr.  E.  A.  Langworthy,  for  valuable  contributions  illustrative  of  foreign  natural  history.  SALFORD  BOARD  OF  GUARDlANS.—Yesterday  morn=  ing,  the  usual  weekly  meeting  of  the  Salford  Board  of  Guardians  was  held  in  the  Board-room,  Town-hall,  Salford.  A  report  from  the  joint  sanitary  committee  of  the  authorities  of  Salford  and  Pendleton  was  laid  before  the  guardians,  and  ordered  to  be  entered  upon  the  minutes  of  their  proceedings.  The  report  stated  that  in  the  Pendleton  district  five  passages  reported  as  having  accumulations  of  stagnant  water,  had  been  served  with  notice  to  drain,  purify,  or  abate,  the  nuisance.  17  privies  and  other  premises  had  been  served  with  notice  to  whitewash  and  purify,  and  105  ashpits  had  been  directed  to  be  emptied.  In  the  Salford  district,  204  privies,  yards,  and  premises,  reported  as  in  a  filthy  condition,  had  had  notices  to  cleanse  and  purify  th  same  in  two  days.  53  ashpits,  reported  as  being  without  doors,  had  had  notices  to  fix  the  same  in  two  days.  18  ashpits,  containing  stagnant  water,  had  had  notice  to  fix  spouts  thereto,  to  prevent  the  water  from  flowing  into  them.  55  keepers  of  pigs  had  had  notice  to  remove  the  same  in  two  days,  and  to  cleanse  their  premises.  11  premises,  in  which  the  drains  are  stopped  and  accumulations  of  stagnant  water  exist,  had  had  two  days'  notice  to  drain  and  purify  had  had  notice  to  cleans(  the  same  in  two-days  HOP  INTELLIGENCF  The  hop  season  in  the  north  clays  is  now  nearly  over,  and  the  result  is  a  more  complete  failure  of  the  crop  than  has  ever  before  been  experienced  in  this  district.  Of  the  225  acres  of  hop  ground  of  which  the  north  clays  now  consist  (having  been  reduced  in  the  last  few  years),  the  entire  yield  will  not  be  more  than  15  tons,  or  about  11  cwt.  per  acre.  Several  of  the  grounds  are  a  total  failure,  the  plant  and  foliage  being  as  black  as  soot;  and  even  in  those  grounds  where  a  few  nice  samples  have  been  picked,  the  quality  is  far  from  what  it  is  in  ordinary  years.  The  duty,  which  in  1846  amounted  to  £2,840,  is,  this  year  estimated  at  only  £l5O.  There  are  few  yearling,  or  indeed  any  kind  of  old  hops,  in  the  district.  The  samples  of  new  brought  to  hand  are  thin  and  buttony,  and  want  colour  and  condition.  It  is  evident  prices  must  rule  higher  than  they  have  done  for  some  years  past.  COMPLIMENTARY  DEJEUNER  TO  Mn.  G.  V.  BROOKE,  THE  TRAGEDIAN.—About  50  of  the  friends  and  admirers  of  this  popular  actor  entertained  him  on  Thursday  with  a  dejeuner,  at  the  Colehole  Tavern,  Strand,  London.  Mr.  T.  E.  Smith,  the  lessee  of  Drury-lane  Theatre,  presided,  and  in  proposing  the  health  of  Mr.  Brooke,  stated  that  while  Mr.  Brooke  had  been  performing  at  Drury-lane,  the  nightly  receipts  had  been  greater  than  at  any  period  during  the  last  25  years.  The  experiment  of  a  morning  performance  was  tried  the  other  day,  much  against  the  advice  of  some  his  friends.  The  result,  however,  was,  that  the  house  was  crowded,  and  that  money  was  refused  at  the  doors,  and  many  took  tickets  for  a  subseduent  'night  performance.  Having  testified  to  Mr.  Brooke's  liberality  and  generosity  to  his  pro professional  fessional professional  brethren,  Mr.  Smith  concluded  his  address  by  pre presenting  senting presenting  Mr.  Brook  With  a  diamond  ring  and  dirk  richly  mounted  with  silver,  to  be  used  in  his  representations  of  Mr.  Brooke  suitably  acknowledged  the  com compliment  pliment compliment  paid  to  him.  It  was  disclosed  in  the  course  of  the  speechification  that  Mr.  Brooke's  departure  for  America  would  be  delayed  for  a  few  day's  longer,  and  that  conse consequently  quently consequently  old  Drury  would  have  the  benefit  of  some  half halfdozen  dozen halfdozen  more  of  his  performances.  ESCAPE  OF  THE  EXILE,  JOHN  MITCHELL--1110  Melbourne  Argus  of  June  18  gives  the  following  additional  particulars  of  the  escape  of  John  Mitcholl  from  Van  Die Diemen's  men's Diemen's  Land  Information  has  reached  Hobart  Town  of  the  escape  of  Mr.  John  Mitchell,  the  Irish  state  prisoner,  who  was  residing  upon  ticket-of-leave  parole  at  Bothwell.  The  particulars  of  the  case  are  as  follow  :---Mr.  Mitchell  waited  a  day  or  two  ago  upon  Mr.  Davies,  the  assistant  police  magistrate  of  Bothwell,  with  a  letter,  which  contained  the  resignation  of  his  parole  of  honour,  and  he  offered  to  place  himself  in  the  custody  of  the  police.  While  Mr.  Davies  was  perusing  the  letter,  Mr.  Mitchell  abruptly  left  the  office,  and  proceeding  outside,  where  two.;  fleet  horses  were  in  waiting,  rode  off  at  full  speed,  accompanied  by  a  gentle gentleman,  man, gentleman,  supposed  by  the  police  to  be  Mr.  W.  L.  Smyth,  the  correspondent  of  the  New  York,  7'ribune.  He  has  not  been  heard  of  since.  Mr.  Martin,  another  of  the  state  prisoners,  residing  in  the  same  district,  has  since  reported  himself  to  be  at  his  authorised  place  of  residence.  This  is  the  fourth  of  the  Irish  state  prisoners  who  have  escaped  from  the  island.  Messrs.  Smith  O'Brien,  Martin,  and  O'Doherty  are  all  who  are  left  in  Van  Diemen's  Land  of  the  men  of  '48,&#34;"
