text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  IRELAND  OM  OUR  OWN'  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  TUESDAY.  TE  FATAL  RAILWAY  ACCIDENT.  on  the  bodies  of  the  persons  killed  by  the  e  accident  on  the  Great  Southern  and  Western  THE  LA  'The  inq  late  lameni  Railway  ..as  resumed  yesterday  in  the  Crown  Court,  Naas,  at  eleven  o'clock,  before  Dr.  Hayes,  Coroner  for  the  northern  division  of  the  county.  There  was  a  large  attend attendance  ance attendance  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  town  and  neighbourhood,  who  seemed  to  take  great  interest  in  the  proceedings.-  Sir  Edward  M'Donnel,  Chairman  of  the  Railway  Company,  Mr.  George  Roe,  Mr.  Wyndham  Goold,  M.  P.  ;  Mr.  William  Haughton,  Mr.  Hutton,  Mr.  John  Pennefather,  and  Mr.  Hardy,  Directors,  were  present,  having  come  down  with  the  professional  gentlemen,  witnesses,  and  others  concerned,  by  the  ten  o'clock  train  from  Dublin.  Mr.  Miller,  the  en engineer  gineer engineer  in  chief,  and  Mr.  J.  Ilberry,  traffic  superintendent,  were  also  in  attendance.  The  High  Sheriff,  Sir'  Thomas  Dancer,  Sir  E.  Kennedy,  Captain  Robinson,  the  Rev.  Stephen  Farrell,  S.L.,  brother  of  Mrs.  M'Swiney  and  Miss  Farrell,-were  present.  -The  prisoners  James  Gass,  engine  driver  ;  John  O'Hara,  the  stoker;  and  James  Prey,  the  guard  of  the  luggage  train,  were  .brought  into  Court,  escorted  by  a  body  of  police,  from  Naas  jail.  They  were  seated  in  front  of  the  dock.  •  Counsellor  the  railway  company,  Mr.  J.  D.  Fitzgerald,  QC.,  and  Mr.  Coffey.  Solicitor,  Mr.  Croker  Barrington.  Counsel  for  the  prisoners,  Mr.  J.  A.  Curran.  Solicitor,  • STYLE=superscript  Counsel  for  the  widow  and  children  of  the  late  .Mr.  0,  M!Nally,  Mr.  B.  Stephens,  Q.C.  Solicitor,  Mr.  LaurencE  Mooney.  •  -Mr.  Mc  ,gher  appeared  as  counsel  for  the  children  of  Mr  M'Swiney,  with  Mr.  Mooney  as  agent,  Mr  -  -  ;her  also  appeat:ed  a*counsel  Thomas  Turpin  s  anent,  for  nelt  of  kin  of  Mr.  Jelly.  Alma,  of  Alma  and  Hackett's,  solicitors,  appeared  ext  of  kin  of  Mrs.  Smith,  of  Mallow.  aving  answered  to  t  CORONT  read  a  certificate  from  . STYLE=superscript  the  .Rev.  Mr.  stating  that  Mr.  Thomas  Cooney,  mror  who  was  supposed  to  be  under  age,  was  born  on  September,  1832,  and  baptised  on  the  16th  of  the  me  month.  This  removed  the  difficulty  he  felt  on  Satur Saturty,,  ty,, Saturty,,  and  he  would  therefore  proceed  with  the  inquest.  The  CORONER,  at  the  request  of  Mr:  Curran,  read  the  mositions  takeh  on  the  first  day  of  the  inquest  at  the  Rourke;  P.P.,  Colbridg  —a-.  Barker  identified  the  body  of  Mr.  Jesse  Hall,  son  of  Mr.  Robert  Hall,  of  Littlerath.  Mr.  K.  M.  Knapp,  one  of  the  witnesses  who  had  been  lined  on  the  first  day,  was  produced  for  cross-exami-  In  reply  'to  Arr.  CURRAN,  he  said  :  —When  the  yin  first  stopped  at  Clownings,  there  was  quite  _ont  light  to  see  the  faces  and  hands  of  the  people  at  .d  gate  of  the  farmer's  house  opposite,  and  I  could  dis distinguish  tinguish distinguish  a  hill  two  or  three  miles  off;  I  think  we  remained  about  twenty-fiv  - STYLE=superscript  '  minutes  there  befoie  the  goods  train  came  ;  beforeAlle  collision  it  had  commenced  raining  smartly,  and  at  the  t  ime  I  should  think  that  an  object,  such  as  a  train  in  the  - STYLE=superscript  way,  would  have  been  visible  at  a  hundred  yards  ;  when  I  first  noticed  the  luggage  train,  I  could  not  distinguish  whether  it  was  on  our  line  of  rail  or  not,  it  was  at  such  a  distance  ;  I  think  I  saw  it  for  a  space  of  five  minutes  before  it  came  up  ;  it  was  the  lights  of  an  engine  I  saw  first  ;  I  observed  no  tail  lights  on  our  own  train  ;  if  they  had  been  there  I  don't  think  it  likely  I  should  have  observed  them,  as  I  was  looking  either  towards  the  approach approaching  ing approaching  train  or  towar6  my  own  people  in  the  carriage;  I  think  the  man  who  went  down  the  line  was  about  a  quarter  of  a  mile  from  us  when  the  train  passed  him  ;  I  believe  the  lantern  he  waved  had  a  white  light  ;  I  did  not  observe  him  take  it  up  before  he  left  our  train  ;  as  the  goods  train  passed  him  he  turned  towards  us,  and  I  then  saw  that  the  light  was  white.  -  In  answer  to  Mr.  FITZGERALD,  Q.C.,  the  witness  said  that  four  gentlemen,  in  the  same  compartment,'  got  out  along  with  him  after  the  train  had  stopped  about  15  minutes.  One  of  them  was  Mr.  Jelly,  who  told  the  ladies  there  was  no  dan danger,  ger, danger,  and  to  sit  where  they  were.  Witness  distinctly  saw  the  guard  of  the  passenger  train  wave  his  lamp  to  and  fro  as  the  goods  train  passed  him.  When  the  train  first  stopped  I  made  no  inquiry  as  the  cause  of  the  stoppage,  but  I  heard  somebody  ask  what's  the  matter  and'  some  official—l  think  the  guard—answered  that  there  was  some  trifling  de de---hpnt  ---hpnt de---hpnt  of  the  engine  ;  he  said  nothing  more  than  that  in  none  of  the  officers  of  the  company  said  in  my  hearing  that  there  was  a  train  coming  on  behind,  nor  do  I  nly  hearing  believe  did  any  other  passenger  hear  it  from  them.  After  answering  a  few  questions  to  Mr.  MEAGHER  this  witness  was  allowed  to  retire.  He  was  very  much  distressed  whilst  giving  his  evidence,  and  appeared  several  times  to  be  completely  exhausted  and  broken  hearted.  He  said,  on  going  away,_  that  he  had  been  up  all  night  with  his  child,  7vhoiri  he  id  not  expect  would  Mr.  Geoghan  examined—On  the  evening  of  the  accident  I  was  travelling  from  Dublin  by  the  half-past  5  train;  we  had  two  engines,  and  arrived  punctually  at  Straffan  ;  while  our  train  was  stationary  there  I  heard  the  noise  of  an  engine  pidly  by;  Ire Ire,;l-it  ,;l-it Ire,;l-it  something  e  occurred;  I  think  it  was  then  about  20  to  25  a  loose  chain  attached  to  it  passing  ed  to  a  person  in  the  carriage  I  thou.  me  that  it  was  not  a  train,  but  I  thought  there  was  more  than  an  engine  ;  •  the  train  in  which  I  was  went  on,  and  after  stopping  once  or  twice  arrived  at  the  scene  of  the  accident  ;  the  driver  crept  up  very  cautiously,  and  I  suppose  saw  what  happened  ;  on  the  way  I  put  my  head  out  of  the  window  and  saw  two  red  lights,  one  elevated  higher  than  the  other  ;  at  Straffan,  during  the  stop,  we  heard  nothing  of  the  accident  ;  on  arriving  at.  Clownings  I  saw  a  number  of  broken  carriages  and  several  persons  lying,  dead  in  them,  and  on  the  road  ;  I  saw  t*o  ladies  quite  dead  in  a  carriage,  with  a  large  broken  piece  of  it  pressed  against  their  chests  ;  I  passed  to  other  carriages  and  found  a  lady  who  was  held  by  the  arm  in  the  ruins,  and  a  saw  was  procured  with  which  she  was  extricated  ;  as  I  went  on  I  saw  a  number  Iter  6;  it  strue  of  persons  dead  had  dreadfully  mangled;  and  on  my  return  some  who  had  previously  had  life  in  them,  were  dead;  a  great  number  of  persons,  including  passengers  and  persons  in  the  company's  employment,  were  rendering  all  the  assistance  they  could;  I  was  at  the  Straffan  station-house  until  11  o'clock  attending  upon  the  sufferers;  Dr.  Muritz  and  Dr.  Kelly  came  up  about  an  hour  after  the  accident  occurred,  and  Dr.  Clarke  arrived  afterwards;  at  about  11  o'clock,  I  think,  we  began  to  p  i  t  the  wounded  persons  into  a  special  train  which  had  arrived  from  Dublin.  Mr.  William  Kennedy  examined—l  got  into  the  train  to  which  the  accident  occurred  at  Newbridge,  and  until  it  stop stopped  ped stopped  at  Clownings  I  had  no  idea  that  anything  was  wrong  with  the  engine  ;  a  gentleman  asked  a  man,  who  I  think  was  an  official  of  the  company,  about  the  stoppage,  and  he  said  that  the  train  would  go  on  directly,  but  that  if  it  did  •not,  a  cattle  train  would  be  up  which  would  - STYLE=superscript  push  us  on  to  Dublin.  The  door  of  the  carriage  next  to  where  that  man  was  standing  on  the  line  outside  was  locked.  In  about  a  quarter  of  an  hour  afterwards  (I  think)  I  heard  a  train  ap approaching,  proaching, approaching,  and  knew  by  the  sound  that  it  was  coming  rapidly  ;  I  had  not  got  out  of  the  carriage  in  which  I  tra travelled,  velled, travelled,  which  was  the  Killarney  one  ;  I  remarked  that  I  thought  the  approaching  train  was  coming  from  Dublin,  but  a  gentleman  in  the  carriage  with  me,  who  I  heard  was  Sir  John  Walsh,  looked  out  and  immediately  afterwards  at attempted  tempted attempted  to  get  out  of  the  window  of  the  locked  door;  a  friend  of  mine  attempted  to  hold  him,  but  he  succeeded  in  jumping  through  the  window  ;  he  had  previously  said  nothing  ;  directly  afterwards  I  heard  the  crash,  and  our  carriage  was  impelled  down  the  line  ;  not  one  of  those  in  our  compartment  were  knocked  from  their  seats  ;  after  we  had  been  impelled  about  150  yards,  I  looked  out  of  the  win window,  dow, window,  and  saw  that  the  carriage  next  to  us  was  broken  to  pieces,  and  there  was  a  cloak  flapping  about  one  of  the  wheels  ;  at  the  same  time  I  saw  broken  carriages  in  the  ditch  ;  some  of  the  passengers  in  the  carriage  in  which  I  was  were  going  to  jump  out,  but  I  shouted  to  them  not  to  do  so,  that  we  were  going  on  by  our  own  impulse,  and  would  stop  directly  ;  the  part  of  the  train  I  was  in  was  sent  down  a  hundred  yards  below  the  Straffan  station  ;  when  it  stopped  I  told  the  people  to  get  out  ;  I.  went  to  the  station  and  directed  the  station  master  to  get  the  place  ready  ;  he  ap appeared  peared appeared  agitated  when  I  told  him  of  the  accident  ;  I  got  a  table  and  brought  it  down  to  the  carriage  in  which  I  had  travelled  ;  attached  to  it  were  the  remains  of  a  second-class  carriage,  the  whole  of  the  upper  part  of  which  had  been  carried  clean  away,  and  the  flooring  only  remained  ;  there  were  six  wounded  persons  in  it;  I  carried  five  of  these  into  the  station  ;  the  first  was  a  gentleman,  both  whose  thighs  were  broken—l  believe  he  was  Mr.  Bateman,  of  Cork;  afterwards  I  carried  up  Mr.  Egan,  Mr.  Neville,  an  old  man  and  a  woman,  whose  back  was  hurt  ;  when  I  could  do  no  more  for  the  people  at  the  station-house,  I  ran  up  to  where  the  collision  occurred;  I  found  there  several  wounded  people  lying  on  the  bank,  and  I  had  a  stretcher  made  of  part  of  the  carriages,  and  brought  them  into  the  farm-house  '  •  the  first  I  carried  in  was  a  woman  whose  foot  was  torn  away,  after  she  had  been  attended  to,  I  went  away  accompanied  by  a  ctuntryman  to  my  brother's  house  for  wine,  and  brought  some  to  the  station-house,  and  also  to  the  farm-house  ;  a  carman  named  Connor,  of  Colbridge,  refused  to  give  the  assistance  of  his  car,  and  I  had  to  pay  him  half-a-crown  for  taking  it  from  the  station-house  to  the  farm-house  ;  I  had  sent  for  it  to  remove  a  sister  of  Lord  Guillamore  from  the  farm-house  to  my  brother's  residence  ;  when  the  car  arrived  the  lady  had  been  removed,  but  Connor  grumbled  so  that  I  had  to  give  him  half-a-crown  ;  all  the  other  country  people  rendered  every  assistance  in  thelr  power  on  the  occasion  ;  there  was  no  stipulation  for  money,  but  after  all  was  over  some  did  ask  for  it.  To  Mr.  MEAGHER.  'The  passenger  train  was  11  minutes  late  at  Sallins  ;  it  must  have  been  at  least  11  minutes  late  at  Newbridge  ,•  I  heard  no  whistle  from  either  engine.  James  M.  Cusack,  junior,  23,  Kildare-street,  was  next  examined—l  was  a  passenger  in  the  express  train  of  Wed Wednesday  nesday Wednesday  last  ;  I  got  in  at  Maryborough  ;  I  was  in  the  centre  division  of  the  second-class  carriage  ;  there  was  a  first  - STYLE=superscript  class  carriage,  and  a  guard  van  in  front  of  it,  and  two  first-class  carriages  behind  it  ;  when  I  got  into  the  train  it  was  late,  but  I  cannot  say  how  long  ;  it  might  be  about  fifteen  minutes  of  so  ;  at  Portarlington  station  I  got  out  on  the  engine,  and  travelled  on  to  Newbridge,  where  I  got  in  again  ;  at  Sallins  we.  stopped,  and  took  in  Mr.  Jesse  Hall;  at  some  distance  from  Straffan,  where  I  knew  we  were  not  to  stop,  I  found  that  they  were  slackening  speed,  and  in  a  short  time  the  train  stopped  ;  after  remaining  for  a  few  minutes  in  the  carriage  ;  I  got  out  to  see  what  was  the  matter,  and  went  to  the  engineer  ;  The  engineer  said  Will  you  let  go  the  break,  Doctor  I  did  so,  but  the  train  would  not  start;  I  then  said  4 STYLE=superscript  i  You  had  better  send  a  light  to  the  rear  of  the  ear-  and  I  saw  the  guard  light  his  lamp  at  the  engine  ;  he  walked  on.  about  150  yards,  and  I  lost  sight  of  him;  Mr.  Wills  and  I  walked  to  the  station-house  at  Straffan,  to  get  the  danger  signal  put  up  ;  I  called  out  to  the  station-master  to  put  it  on,  and  he  did  so  ;  I  stayed  to  see  that  it  was  the  red  light  which  was  signalled;  we  then  got  on  the  platform,  and  stopped  there  three  or  four  minutes  :  the  Dublin  train  had  not  arrived  at  this  time;  when  it  did  come  up  I  saw  that  there  were  two  engines  to  it  ;  I  went  to  the  driver  of  the  pilotengine  and  told  him  that  he  must  ac accompany  company accompany  me  and  run  to  Sallins,  as  the  express  train  had  broken  down  ;  he  said  that  they  had  a  very  heavy  train,  and  that  he  couldnot  ;  he,  however,  came  with  us,  the  Dublin  train  coming  slowly  after  us  ;  we  had  not  proceeded  more  than  forty  yards  down  the  line,  when  the  engineer  said,  is  your  train  gone  by  I  said,  That  is  not  possible,  for  there  are  all  the  lights  . STYLE=superscript  down  the  road  ;  I  did  not  recollect  at  the  time  that  we  had  no  lights  at  all  ;  I  saw  the  engine  driver  under  the  train,  and  I  thought  he  was  killed  ;  as  we  went  on,  O'Connor,  who  made  the  signal  with  the  flag,  came  towards  us,  and  said,  God's  sake  stop—they  are  all  killed  I  ran  to  where  the  break  was,  and  found  the  people  on  the  bank  and  lying  about;  Gass  came  up  to  me,  and  asked  me  what  he  could  do  ;  I  said  Try  to  back  her  he  jumped  on  the  engine,  but  it  could  not  be  moved;  after  ten  or  twelve  minutes  I  turned  back  and  went  to  the  Dublin  train,  and  asked  them  to  come  back  with  me  to.  Hazelhatch  ;  they  said  they  would  not,  for  M'Donnell  was  on  the  road  with  the  goods  ;  I  left  them  there,  and  went  on  to  where  the  disabled  engine  was,  and  saw  the  engineer  on  it  ;  I  said,  Can  we  do  nothing  and  he  replied,  fireman  is  not  with  me  I  told  him  I  would  do  what  I  could,  and  I  came  to  Dublin,  and  sent  down  medical  assistants  by  direction  of  Mr.  Miller  ;  I  saw  Berry  go  back  with  the  usual  guard-light  ;  the  white  light  was  to towards  wards towards  me  as  he  walked  from  me,  and  I  suppose  the  red  light  was  directed  the  other  way  ;  when  the  collision  took  place,  I  think  I  must  have  been  on  the  pilot  engine  at  Straffan  ;  the  walk  from  the  carriages  to  Straffan  station  occupied  about  ten  minutes  ;  as  the  train  stopped,  I  advised  the  guard  to  go  down  the  line  with  the  signal  light  ;  I  saw  a  man-  go  first  with  a  signal  flag;  we  turned  on  the  red  light  at  Straffan  ;  I  think  that  we  were  about  four  or  five  minutes  there  before  the  Dublin  train  came  up  ;  the  station-master  did  not  know  anything  about  the  collision  then.  Mr.  FITZGERALD  after  the  close  of  Mr.  Casack's  exami examination,  nation, examination,  read  a  list  of  the  company's  regulations  concerning  the  duties  of.  the  various  train  attendants.  Rule  No.  6  was  to  the  following  effect  In  case  of  any  .  accident  occurring,  so  as  to  impede  the  progress  of  a  train,  the  under  guard  shall  be  despatched  to  the  nearest  station  astern  of  the  train,  to  give  notice  thereof  ;  and  in  his  progress  thither  shall  fix  at  a  distance  of  half-a-mile  from  the  point  of  obstruction,  a  red  flag  by  day,  or  a  red  light  by  night  (in  addition  to  the  fog  signals,)  so  as  to  indicate  danger  to  a  coming  train.  Measures  should  also  be  taken  to  advise  the  clerk  at  the  nearest  station  ahead  of  the  Mr.  George  Ilberry,  Superintendent  on  tile  Railway,  ex ex°mined  °mined ex°mined  :--Fog  signals  consist  of  a  piece  of  metal  charged  with  combustibles,  placed  on  the  line,  which  explode  when  tite  train  passes  over  them  ;  for  a  heavy  train  there  are  two  guards  ;  in  a  light  train,  like  the  express  train,  with  only  four  carriages,  there  is  only  one  guard,  and  it  is  his  duty  to  put  on  the  fog  signals  ;  the  guards  of  all  trains  are  supplied  with  these  signals,  and  I  take  their  receipts  for  them  ;  they  are  carried  in  the  guard's  own  box  ;  the  present  guard  had  them,  for  I  inspected  them  ;  they  are  placed  at  intervals  of  200  yards  distance  in  ;  I  think  that  a  train  could  be  pulled  up  in  half-a-mile  ,•  I  examined  the  guard's  box  at  the  place  of  the  accident,  and  found  these  signals  were  in  it.  ANOTHER  ARREST.  1842.  to  1849.  He  had  only  found  two  entries  of  his  of  pri prisoners  soners prisoners  complaining  of  want  of  food,  though  he  frequently  visited  the  gaol,  and  listened  to  all  complaints  that  were  In  the  tvo  soners  to  the  Lord  Londesborough  was  examine(  that  he  had  never  heard  of  food  being  kept  back  to  the  in-  urgeon  same  of  jury  of  the  prisoners.  The  Rev.  H.  J.  Hoskins,  a  visiting  just.,  examined.  He  said  he  was  at  the  gaol  on  the  , STYLE=superscript  Ist  August,  1851.  He  had  no  doubt  that  he  so  soners  that  day,  and  that  there  were  no  complaints,  or  11  should  not  have  made  an  entry  to  that  effect  in  the  book,  a:  he  had  done.  Did  not  think  it  possible  that  a  man  who  was  without  food  until  the  fourth  day  could  be  in  the  gaol  at  that  time  without  its  coming  to  his  knowledge.  If  that  was  the  case,  the  man  was  a  fool.  Mr.  WELSBY.—That  is  possible  was  nex  all  the  nri-"
