text
"They  had  no  erroneous  ;  we  had  no  particulars  if  that  question  were  gone  into  before,  selves—we  deny  that  we  ever  had  any  sus.  The  Commissioner  :  This  objection  will  fall  unde 'unde'  the  particulars  must  be  expressed  with  a  reasonable  of  This  refers  to  other  particulars.&#34;'  Raffles  :  The  very  particulars  we  require  are  alleged  ff  been  sent  in  some  other  account.—Mr.  Fletcher  :  lars  have  been  delivered  to  the  debtor,  and  as  f  requires  that  the  particulars  to  be  delivered  n ntioned  tioned ntioned  with  a  reasonable  degree  of  certainty,  refer  in  the  same  manner  as  they  would  be  stated  in  t tticulars  ticulars tticulars  of  a  fiat  or  declaration,  that  would  do.—The  missioner  :  The  question  is  whether  tht.  or  not,  is  this  statement  of  particula.  Fletcher  :  We  say  they  have  been  delivered,  prove  it.—The  Commissioner  :  You  aro  referring  something  for  greater  certainty  -  4-1-  -  here  expressed  With  sufficient  ofli  w  t  h  o  e  u  I  p  d  be  a  a  rti  cn  I  n  a  inconvenient  over  again  certain.  ta  th  i  n  o  the  account  is  a  very  lon..  one.-  Mr.  liafh,  purposely,  beca  use  it  will  be  -a  matter  of  fact.  missioner  :  It  is  immaterial-  to  me  whether  .4  is  cx  not.  This  is  the  account  which  ought  titulars.  I  take  it  the  rule  seems  to  require.  this  should  be  stated  with  sufficient  certainty.,  account,  as  the  rule  requires,  c  on  t  a  i  n  sufficient  et  to  dates  and  all  other  matters  ?—Mr.  the  periods  between  which  the  date datesioner  sioner datesioner  :  From  one  period  to  another,  the  goods  were  delivered.—Mr.  Flt  livered  over  this  period.  The  dates  1.  analogous  delivered  in  the  declaration  to  an  action  ;  I  shall  they  are  quite  sufficient  in  this  case.  It  does  not  stL  amount,  and  give  the  dates,  bnt  it  goes  into  the  part'  of  goods  sold  and  delivered,  of  labour  and  mater  . STYLE=superscript  the  same  provided,  and  money  paid  by  the  credktorr  use  of  the  Commissioner  :  The  qui  whether  the  rule  does  not  require  this  account.  tive  of  anything  else,  should  give  the  items,  of  the  items  which  form  the  demand  of  the  as  to  dates  and  all  other  matters  ?—Mr.  Raffles  would  be  no  object  in  mentioning  all  those  partial  were  not  so.—Mr.  Fletcher  :  The  question  is,  wilt'  is  not  a  reasonable  and  convenient  certainty.  The  8  on  which  the  claim  is  made  are  stated  in  every  way  ja  they  could  be  stated.—The  Commissioner  :  You  have  shown  you  have  referred  to  particulars  which  hay  already  delivered  .  That  al  mos  t  i  mp  li  es  t  h  ere  i  s  some,  account  necessary  to  expl  a  i  n  th  e  matter.—Mr.  Fin  Not  necessarily.  The  debtor  having  the  account,  till,  meat  of  particulars  sufficiently  guides  him  to  know  ix  claim  is.—Mr.  Raffles  :  That  is  assuming  the  ?  was  delivered.  We  deny  we  h  a  d  an  y  Fletcher  :  I  can  prove  you  had.—Th  e  Coiatail  This  question  ought  t  o  b  e  se  ttl  e  d  i  n  d  epen  d  en  t  0'  Either  the  account  is  sufficient,  or  it  is  not,  according  rule.  It  is  the  account  itself  that  must  be  conform  s STYLE=superscript  the  rule.  My  impression  is,  the  notice  should  be  0 STYLE=superscript  .  of  the  account  between  the  parties,  showing  '  of  the  items,  and  of  thq,,goods  supplied.  I  Ulu.,  sufficient.  Even  if  the  account  had  been  dell\  would  not  be  sufficient,  and  the  act  requires  the  par  should  be  sufficient.—Mr.  Fletcher  :  I  have  nothing  to  say.  When  I  prepared  this  I  took  a  different  vie  in  this  case  I  have  nothing  more  to  add  to  ask  whether  we  can  amend  in  this  as  wt..  —The  Commissioner  :  No.  This  goes  to  the  slut,.  is  not  within  that  authority  of  amendment.--iu.  l STYLE=superscript  then  applied  to  hav  e  th  e  cos  t  s  a  ll  owe  d  .  —M  r.  Fie  of  is  rather  hard  to  have  costs  allo  w  ed  on  an  object°  d  kind.—Mr.  Raffles  :  We  have  offered  to  arrange,  a  n STYLE=superscript  is  an  action  now  pending  in  the  Court  of  b  P  a  ssage•_  :  hardship  was  in  bringinc,  us  here.—The  Commissione  r STYLE=superscript  your  objection  is  on  a  technicality,  I  do'not  think  lend  costs.  I  might  have  done  so  had  it  go  n  e  t  o  the  mc  the  case.  It  is  an  advantage  you  were  entitled  to  tak  e STYLE=superscript  '  it  is  not  a  matter  perhaps  by  which  y  ou  wou  ld  be  co  u STYLE=superscript  l  d  ceived.  It  is  a  good  objection,  but  I  thi  n  k  I  shoe  give  costs.—Mr.  Raffles  :  If  your  Honour  _  course  we  shall  be  afraid  to  take  a  technical  obiectio%  ie  partici  lave  been  de  s  •  suffi  uestion  is,  a  my  ?  —Mr.  l.'  Fle  r  i STYLE=superscript  r  i STYLE=superscript  _The  )  have  t  r:  It  coP,  -The  Co  t STYLE=superscript  :  not  the  dates  on  tcher  They_Wel'  vs  on  w  BIRKENHEAD.  OUTRAGEOUS  Commrer.---Yesterday,  before  J.  S.  1,  11 STYLE=superscript  0  4 STYLE=superscript  Esq.,  George  Martin,  captain  o  f  th  e  ce  l  e  b  ra  t  e  d  °,  4  schooner  yacht  Sverrige,  was  cha  rge  d  w  ith  d  run  kenin  assault,  in  Mr.  Roebuck's  house,  Claristian-street.  Thy  plainant  is  the  proprietor  of  the  vaults  of  the  Carter  .  4  and  at  about  12  o'clock  on  Thursday  night,  the  1  111 STYLE=superscript  9  came  in  there  i  very  drunk.  He  soon  quarre  ll  e  d  with  et  the  company,  and.  n  order  to  separat  e  th  em  ,  Mrs.  E,°„4,  desired  the  prisoner  to  go  about  his  b  us  i  ness  .  doing  so,  he  seized  her  by  her  hair,  violently  assaulting  He  then  .  attempted  to  get  over  the  counter,  three  .0r  times,  and  in  doing  so,  broke  four  bottles  of  spin  made  use  of  very  disagreeable  languaee.  ultimat  Roebuck  called  in  the  police,  and  the  prisoner  Avas„  up  in  the  bridewell.  When  brought  before  the  magic,  he  acknowledged  his  delinquency,  and  said  he  was  vet)  for  his  conduct.  He  was  fined  ss.  for  drunkenne  ssl STYLE=superscript  ordered  to  make  good  the  damage  and  loss  of  spirits  114 STYLE=superscript  caused.  His  freak  cost  him  altogether  LI  Is.  6d.  ~  ATTEMPT  AT  INFAN  TlClDE  .  —  i  n  f  orma  ti  on  was  r  ecei  the  Police  Office,  yesterday,  that  a  female  respectal  netted,  had  made  an  att  em  pt  u  p  on  th  e  lif  e  o  f  months  old,  by  cutting  its  throat  with  a  razor.  Th  e STYLE=superscript  is  still  in  a  very  precarious  state.  The  mother  is  11 STYLE=superscript  '  custody.  EXTRA  CONSTABLES.—Four  extra  constahi  sworn  in  at  the  Town  Hall,  for  the  dis  -  of  Claughton  ;  especially  for  the  win  caution  was  considered  nc  petty  robberies  in  that  neighbourliood.  SANrrAuv  PRECAUTIONS.—In  consequence  of  the  e  l  ) STYLE=superscript  ;  lence  of  cholera,  Inspectors  of  Nuisan  ce  s  have  be  pointed  who  have  already  visited  the  locality  of  Clang  SUDDEN  DEATH.—Emma  Doncaster-street,  a  woman  of  sli  went  to  bed  on  Thursday  night  somethi  liquor,  and  was  found  by  her  serva  yesterday  morning.  DEATH  FROM  EATING  night,  a  woman  named  Catharine  SaN  Soho-street,  partook  of  about  a  quart  of  int  her  husband.  She  was  almost  mimed  illness,  and  died  the  same  evening.  SALFORD  PARLIAMENTARY  RI  voters  for  members  of  Parliament  'cc  prised  within  the  parliamentary  yesterday  morning  revised  by  tl  the  revising  barrister  appointed  for  th  were  no  objections,  and  onl  iperatc  a  few  claims  made"
