text
"LATEST  INTELLIGENCE,  The  following  extracts  are  from  the  Southern  Reporter  received  this  morning:—  In  the  account  of  the  accident  at  Patrick's  Bridge  it  was  not  stated  that  more  than  eight  or  ten  perished.  As  yet  it  is  unknown  how  many  perished,  but  an  informant  of  ours  estimates  the  number  at  thirty.  The  appearance  presented  by  the  city  this  (Thursday)  morning  was  of  the  most  melancholy  character—the  streets  in  many  parts  were  completely  torn  up  ;  and  Great  George's  street  seemed  more  like  the  dried  up  course  of  a  mountain  EARLY  CLOSING  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  SIR-4  have  read  two  letters  which  have  re-  3ently  appeared  in  your  journal,  respecting  Early  losing,  emanating,  I  understand,  from  an  Associa-  tion  formed  by  the  Assistant  Drapers  of  this  great  commercial  town,  which  is  advancing  rapidly  in  commerce  •  and  in  science,  and  will,  ere  long,  rival  any  other  in  this  great  kingdom,  if  all  classes  but  work  faithfully  together,  each  man  doing  all  in  hip  power  to  elevate  those  placed  under  him  to  hap happiness  piness happiness  and  independence.  I  believe  the  sole  and  grand  object  which  stimulates  these  young  men  to  agitate  for  shorter  hours  of  business,  is  only  the  culti cultivation  vation cultivation  of  that  mighty  power,  the  intellect  ;  cer certainly  tainly certainly  there  may  be  a  few  isolated  exceptions,  such  as  those  quoted  in  one  of  the  forementioned  letters,  viz.,  that  young  men  become  mo  re  di  ss  i  pate  d  w  h  en  the  hours.of  business  are  shortened.  If  such  is  the  language  of  Mr.  No.  2,  indeed  I  must  say  his  capa capacity  city capacity  is  not  beyond  the  precincts  of  his  pocket.  Are  our  noble  merchants,  bankers,  &amp;c.,  dissi dissipated,  pated, dissipated,  because  their  hours  of  business  are  .short?  I  say  no.  In  all  grades  you  find  men  of  various  stamps,  some  moral  and  some  dissipated  ;  but  are  the  good  to  suffer  for  the  bad  in  this  respect  ?  If  such  was  the  case,  deplorable  indeed  would  be  our  position.  -  Young  men  in  these  establishments  work  ,hard,  and  very  hard  indeed,  from  seven  in  the  morning  until  eight,  nine,  and  in  some  houses  until  ten  and  eleven.  at  night.  Where  is  the  time  for  improving  the  mind,  or  refreshing  the  memory  in  former  studies  ?  Many  young  men  connected  with  that  trade  possess  very  high  orders  of  talent,  which  would  shine  forth  as  bright  as  jewels  in  any  of  the  professions,  if  that  fickle  smile  of  fortune  had  not  darkened  their  meridian,  to,  blast  their  prospects,  crush  their STYLE=superscript  hearts,  and  lead-  them  to  Mr.  No.  2,  (professor  of  A.8.C.),  to  finish  a  course  ofhard  study,  (late  hours  indispensable),  who  will  do  in  his  power  to  have  them  lost  for  ever  to  society.  Ladies  of  Liverpool;  who  have  placed  the  golden  plumage.  on  this  bird  of  No.  2,  come  forward  with  all  your  power,  beauty,  and  fashion,  to  clip  the  wings  of  that  haughty  bird,  if  the  lords  of  creation  are  not  set  at  liberty.  I  remain,  Sir,  your  obedient  Servant,  ZETA  A  PAPR  WAIL—Some  monarchs  fight  for  gold,  but  the  Ozar  and  the  Sultan  are  at  war,  about  notes,--•  FRIGHT.FUL  -  MURDER  OF  A  FEMALE  AND  BURNING  OF  THE  BODY  The  picturesque  parish  of  Burnham;  at  die  southern  extremity  of  the  county  of  Bucks,  within  about  four  miles  of  Windsor,  has  been  the  scene  of  an  appalling  and  mysterious  tragedy  within  the  last  few  days.  The  victim  of  the  barbarous  act  is  a  young  woman  named  Mary  Ann  Sturgeon,  whose  friends  reside  in  Suffolk,  but  who  had  been  living  for  some  years  as  a  domestic  servant  in  the  family  of  Mr.  Bayley,  at  Britwell  Farm,_  previous  to  her  taking  the  situat  ion  o  f  h  ouse  k  eeper  to  Mr.  Ralph  Willis  Goodwin,  of  the  Burnham  Abbey  Farm,  about  three  months  ago.  On  Wednesday  an  inquiry  was  opened  be before  fore before  Mr.  John  Charsley,  coroner  for  Bucks,  at  the  Mile Milehouse,  house, Milehouse,  on  the  Colnbrook-road,  and  adjourned  for  the  production  of  further  evidence.  According  to  the  testimony  already  taken,  it  appears  that  Mr.  Goodwin,  who  is  a  highly-respectable  young  man,  of  the  class  of  gentlemen  farmers,  is  unmarried,  and  that  his  household  consisted  of  the  deceased  and  a  groom  named  Moses  Attow.  In  the  farm-yard  •  there  is  a  cottage  occupied  by  John  Bunce,  the  groundkeeper,  who  lodges  in  his  house  several  labourers  employed  on  the  farm.  In  the  evening  of  Tuesday,  Mr.  Goodwin  'left  his,  home  soon  after  six  o'clock,  on  a  visit  to  a  neighbour,  and  returned  about  half-past  eleven.  During  Mr.  Goodwin's  absence  deceased  called  at  the  cottage  of  Bunce,  where  she  remained  until  about  nine  o'clock,  when  she  returned  to  the  house  for  the  purpose,  as  she  said,  of  preparing  the  supper  for  the  groom.  The  groom  states  that  he  was  served  with  his  supper  by  the  de deceased,  ceased, deceased,  and  that  he  soon  afterwards  went  to  bed.  The  farmhouse,  it  should  be  stated,  is  a  modern  and  con convenient  venient convenient  dwelling,  built  some  years  ago  on  the  site  of  the  ancient  abbey  of  Burnham,  by  the  late  Mr.  John  Pocock,  of  Lake  End,  a  part  of  whose  large  estate  it  formed.  The  kitchen  in  which  the  groom  had  his  supper  is  separated  from  the  other  part  of  the  house  at  eight  by  a  door,  which,  h  e  says,  was  locked  on  Tuesday  night  by  the  deceased,  the  groom  himself  sleeping  in  a  small  chamber  approached  by  a  ladder  from  the  kitchen.  He  further  says,  that  when  he  had  been  in  bed  some  time,  he  was  aroused  by  a  noise  as  of  some  one  falling  down,  and  he  thereupon  got  up,  and  proceeded  to  the  cottage  of  Bunco,  who  was  partly  dressed,  with  the  intention  of  looking  round  the  yard,  as  he  fancied  something  was  the  matter  with  one  of  the  colts.  This  proved  to  be  the  case  ;  and  after  the  animal  had  been  attended  to,  Bunce  and  'Attow  went  round  the  yard,  but  could  observe  nothing  wrong.  At  half-past  eleven,  Mr.  Goodwin  came  home.  Letting  himself  into'  the  house  by  a  latch-key,  he  was  surprised  not  to  find  his  candle  burning,  as  was  customary  ;  and  in  walking  along  the  passage  up  stairs,  after  he  had  provided  himself  with  a  li  g  ht,  he  discovered  on  the  floor  a  human  tooth  and  a  hair  pin.  He  also  perceived  a  dense  mass  of  smoke,  and  a  strong  smell  of  burning,  both  of  which  appeared  to  proceed  from  the  bedroom  of  the,  deceased,  at  the  further  end  of  the  passage.  Calling  Bunce  and  Attow  to  his  assistance,  he  went  to  the  housekeeper's  room,  and  there  a  horrifying  sight  presented  itself.  The  bedroom  is  provided  with  a  fire-place,  and,  in  contemplation  of  a  visit  from  some  relatives,  Mr.  Goodwin  had  ordered  fires  to  be  lighted  in  that  and  the  other  chamber.  When  the  door  was  opened,  and  objects  could  be  distinguished  through  the  smoke,  the  body  of  the  unfo  r  t  una  t  e  woman  was  f  oun  d,  lying  with  her  head  next  the  mantel-piece,  her  legs  on  the  hearth-rug,  in  the  direction  of  the  bedstead;  and  on  her  legs  and  the  lower  part  of  her  body  was  a  mass  of  fire  still  burn burning  ing burning  furiously,  and  consuming  the  flesh  of  the  deceased.  A  dressing  table  and  a  quantity  of-  linen  had  been  used  as  fuel.  The  fire  had  burnt  through  the  floor  of  the  chamber,  and  was  already  consuming  the  joists.  Had  Mr.  Goodwin's  return  been  delayed  one  half  hour,  the  house  would  have  been  on  fire  past  redemption.  _  _  On  examining  the  body  of  the  deceased,  it'was  found  that  both  legs  had  been  burnt  off  nearly  close  to  the  trunk,  from  which  they  were  completely  separated.  The  head  and  upper  part  of  the  body  were  not  injured  by  the  fire,  but  ex exhibited  hibited exhibited  marks  of  great  violence.  One  of  the  teeth  was  miss missing—the  ing—the missing—the  tooth  found  by  Mr.  Goodwin  in  the  passage—the  hand  was  injured  as  if  by  some  blunt  instrument.  Near  the  hand  ofideceased  was  a  large  pool  of  blood,  and  on  the  door  of  her  apartment,  and  on  the  handrail  of  the  staircase,  there  were  marks  of  blood.  When  the  reporter  visited  the  room,  the  remains  of  the  deceased  had  been  removed,  but  the  apartment  was  left  as  it  appeared  when  the  fire  was  got  under.  It  was,  indeed,  a  sickening  and  heart-rendmg  sight,  and  the  smell  of  the  roasted  human  flesh  was  quite  distinguishable.  That  the  deceased  was  foully  murdered  down  stairs,  and  her  body  then  taken  and  set  fire  to  in  her  bedroom,  is  the  present  belief,  but  no  distinct  clue  has  yet  been  obtained  to  the  guilty  parties.  Suspicion  at  first  rested  on  the  groom,  but  the  result  of  the  inquiry,  so  far  as  it  has  proceeded  at  present,  tends  to  establish  his  innocence.  -  At  first  it  was  believed  that  nothing  had  been  stolen  from  the  house,  and  the  absence  of  plunder  rendered  the  barbar barbarous  ous barbarous  deed  still  more  mysterious  ;  but  Mr.  Goodman  discovered  that  some  valuable  rings,  a  gold  pencil-case,  and  other  arti articles  cles articles  were  fakers  from  his  bedroom.  LIVERPOOL  MARK  ETS.YESTERDAT.  Written  expressly  for  the  _Northern  Duly  Timm.  COTTON.—The  sales  to-day  are  6,000  bales,  1,000  having  been  taken  for  export,  and  on  speculation.  The  market  closes  quietly.  UonN.=-  - STYLE=superscript  -  - STYLE=superscript  Alth  - STYLE=superscript  O  - STYLE=superscript  tigh  the  season  is  already  very  late,  and  after  long  excessive  rains  a  few  days  may  be  required  to  bring  some  of  the  heavy  lands  of  the  country  into  a  state  fit  for.  the  recep reception  tion reception  of  seed,  the  return  of  fine  dry  weather,  prevalent  here  since  the  close  of  last  week,  affords  a  fair  prospect  of  autumn  culture  being  shortly  in  extensive  operation,  as  is  now  the  case  in  this  district,  and  represses  the  fears  so  long  entertained  of  another  serious  falling  off  in  the  breadth  of  land  intended  to  be  planted  with  wheat.  This  apprehension  has  of  late  been  one  of  the  several  important  causes  which  have  influenced  the  steady  advance  of  prices,  and  the  prospect  of  its  removal  ap appears  pears appears  therefore  in  influence  In  Checking  their  up upward  ward upward  progress,  notwithstanding  the  great  deficiency  of  our  recently  gathered  crop,  the  continued  'large  consumption,  and  the  declension  of  our  usually  most  reliable  foreign  supplies.  In  most  markets•of  the  country  this  week,  the  trade  has  con consequently  sequently consequently  made  a  stand,  some  few  are  quoted  at  a  trifle  lower,  and  here,  with  a  very  limited  business  passing  in  any  article  intermediately  from  Tuesday  to  this  date,  wheat  and  flour  have  been  rather  more  pressed  for  sale,  and  each  could  have  been  purchased  on  slightly  easier  terms.  Beyond  a  tolerable  quantity  bf  oatmeal,  we  are  still  very  meagerly  supplied  with  any  kind  of  British  er  Irish  produce  ;  of  Foreign  wheat,  however,  we  have  to  note  a  rather  liberal  arrival,  into  this  port  sines  Tuesday,  amounting  to  upwards  of  17,000  qrs.,  principally  from  the  United  States,  and  partly  from  Canada,  Spain,  and  Egypt,  Whilst  of  other  grain  from  abroad  the  import  is  light,  and  of  States  and  Spanish  flour  9005  barrels  and  1960  sacks  only.  Our  market  this  morning  presents  an  unfavourable  contrast  to  most  of  those  which  have  preceeded  it  for  many  weeks  past  ;  the  attendance  has  been  exceedingly  limited  of  millers  and  dealers  from  any  quarter,  and  little  more  than  retail  sales  could  be  effected  in  Foreign  wheat,  for  which  holders  were  generally  willing  to  accept  a  reduction  of  2d  to  3d  per  701bs.  from  the  currency  of  Tuesday.  Farmers  being  actively  en engaged  gaged engaged  with  sowing,  there  were  scarcely  any  samples  of  country  wheat  - STYLE=superscript  offering.  We  note  flour  Is  to  is  6d  per  barrel  lower,  end  very  little  business  done.  Barley  is  neglected,  and  Id  per  bushel  cheaper.  Beans  aro  in  good  demand,  and  some  quantity  on  passage  has  been  taken  to  deliver  at  our  extreme  quotations.  Oats  are  confined,  the  value  has  receded  is  per  load.  Indian  corn  meets  a  fair  inquiry,  but  the  actual  business  is  un unimportant  important unimportant  to-day.  Arrivals  from  the  Ist  to  the  3rd  November,  1853,  inclusive,—wheat,  17,143  qrs.;  barley,  1,028  qrs.;  oats,  2,315  qrs.  ;  beans,  118  qrs.  ;  Pease,  125  qrs.  ;  Indian  corn,  2,502  qrs.  ;  oatmeal,  5,217  sacks;  flour,  2,377  sacks  and  9,028  brls.  Exports  from  Ist  to  Brd  November,  1853,  in inclusive.—wheat,  clusive.—wheat, inclusive.—wheat,  1,576  qrs.  ;  Oats,  646  qrs.  ;  Indian  corn,  50  qrs,;  oatmeal,  26  sacks;  flour,  945  sacks  and  4,711  brls."
