text
"ROYAL  AMPHITHEA  T  ILE.  PABLO  FA  NQU  E'S  COMPANY!—GRAND  MORNING  PERFORMANCE  Tata  Der  (Thursday),  December  the  22nd.  Doors  open  at  One,  Commence  at  Two.  ELLA  and  LEON  will  appear.  Enthusiastic  reception  and  rapturous  applause  greets  each  appearance  of  &#34;STORE'S  AMERICAN  WONDERS  !  ELLA  and  LEON,  who  will  appear  for  Three  Nights  more,  v'z:—Titts  EVZNING  (Thursday),  Friday,  and  Saturday,  December  the  22nd,  23rd,  and  24th.  In  the  Evening  the  Doors  open  at  a  quarter  to  Seven,  and  Performances  commence  at  half-past  Seven.  Prices  of  Admission  :  Dress  Circle.  Ss.  ;  Side  Boxes,  2s,  ;  Pit,  Is.  64.  ;  Stalls,  is.  6d.  ;  Gallery,  6d.  Second  Price—Dress  Circle,  25.;  Skis  Boxes,  Is.  6;  Pit,  Is.;  no  second  price  to  Gallery  or  Stalls.  Second  Price,  to  Boxes  and  Pit,  at  nine  o'clock..  ROYAL  ADELPHI  THEATRE,  Christian  Street,  Islington.  In  Preparation,'  for  Monday  Evenin  December  26th,  the  New  Serio-Comic  PANTOMIME,  which  will  be  produced  duping  the  Christmas  Holidays,  with  Gorgeous  New  Scenery  by  Messrs.  Mathews  and  Rainsden,  Machinery  by  Mr.  Atkins,  and  Appointments  by  air.  Gibbs,  entitled  THE  VALE  OF  GEMS  ;  or,  HARLEQUIN  AND  SINIIAD  THE  SAILOR,  AND  TIIR  FAIRY  or  CORAL  G  ROT.  Shiba&amp;  the  sailor,  Miss  Caere,  from  the  Theatre  ROyal,  Haymarket.  Harlequin,  Mr.  C.  Brown.  Pantaloon,  Mr.  Jackson.  Columbine,  Miss'  E.  Gibbs.  Clown,  Herr  Teesale.  Sprite,  Signor  SylVani.—Centre  BoXes,  25.;  Side  Boxes,  Is.;  Pit  tid.;  Gal Gallery,  lery, Gallery,  ROYAL  PARK  THEATRE.  Parliament-Street,  near  St.  James's  Market.  Extraordinary  Christmas  Attraction.—On  MONDAY  NEXT,  the  26th  instant,  will  be  produced  a  New  Magniloquently  Grand,  Comical,  Local,  Operatical,  Cabalistical,  and  Anachrordsmatical  '  CHRISTMAS  PANTOMIME,  entitled,  01131SHEADTaa  GREAT;  or,  HARLEQUIN  &amp;  JENNY  JONES,  AND  THE  PLOWER  i?  SNOWDON.  Written  expressly  for  this  theatre  by  the  author  of  Ye  Siege  of  &amp;c.,  with  new  and  beauti beautiful  ful beautiful  scenery,  by  Ur,  John  Wright.  from  her  Majesty's  Theatre,  Mr.  Liver,  and  assistants;  properties  by  Mr.  Eames;  Mu,ic,  composed  by  Mr.  Hope;  Machinery,  by  Mr.  Jackson  ;  dresses  by  Mr.  West  and  assistants  •  and  the  whole  p  r  od  uce  d  un  d  er  t  h  e  i  mme  d  iate  superintendence  of  the  Lessee,  Mr.  It.  Edgar.  .Snowdrop,  the  Fair  Flower  of  Snowdon,  with  a  airs  which  the  author  has  thrust thrustupon  upon thrustupon  her,  Miss  Marriott;  Lushiane,  a  doubtful  specimen  of  a  Fairy,  afterwards  Clown,  Mr.  J.  Appleby  ;  DayYdd  Jones,  an  ancient  Briton,'  Mr.  Wilmore,  afterwards  Pantaloon.  Mr.  P.  Anderson,  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Drury-lane  ;  Edward  Morgan,  with  a  terrific  com 'combat,'  Mr.  3.  Lennox,  afterwards  Harlequin,  Signor  Guarrino,  from  her  Majesty's  Theatre;  Jenny  Jones,  the  Flower  of  North  Wales,  Mrs.  J.  Appleby,  afterwards  Columbine,  Mad'lle  Rose,  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Edinburgh;  Sprite,  Signor  Vilderini,  the  wonderful  contortionist  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Drury-lane.  The  remainder  of  the  characters  by  the  entire  Dramatic  and  Pantomimic  artistes  attached  to  the  establishment,  forming  the  most  complete  and  powerful  cast  ever  submitted  to  . STYLE=superscript  a  Liverpool  public.  The  li  Pantomime  will  be  preceded  by  a  grave  Episode,  in  which  the  shades  of  Joe  Miller  and  the  Author  will  have  very  lively  representa representatives.  tives. representatives.  Doors  open  at  half  past  six,  to  commence  at  seven  o'clock  pre precisely..  cisely.. precisely..  Prices  of  admission.—Dress  Boxes.  Ss.;  Front  Boxes,  as.  Pit,  Is.;  Gallery,  6d.  Half-price  to  the  Boxes  at  Nine  o'clock.  Books  of  the  Pantomime  may  be  obtained  at  the  Theatre.  Gloms  Peas  I  GAME  PIES  !  --The  Celebrate.;  Yorkshire  Game  Pies  I  —The  greatest  treat  of  the  season  for  Christmas  Parties.  Suitable  fcr  Ladies,  as  well  as  Ep!evireS.  and  everybody  else.  Made  only  by  %V.  LAWTON,  of  the  BEE  HOTEL,  Queen-square  -14.h°  contracts  for  Public  Ball  Suppers,  and  other  large  Entertainments— Entertainmentswhere  where Entertainmentswhere  will  be  found  Good  Beds,  Good  Via,.ds,  Good  %Vines,  &amp;c.  HIGH  WATER  IN  THE  MERSEY.  Tuts  DAY—Morning,  3h.  11m  ...Afternoon,  3h.  34m.  THUESDA  Y,  DECEMBER  22,  1853  WHILE  the  subject  of  the  Alinisterial  arrange arrangements  ments arrangements  is  yet  fresh,  and  public  opinion  remains  in  that  state  wherein  impressibility  to  facts  can  mould  the  fUture  decision,  we  are  anxious  to  offer  a  few  words  upon  one  or  two  matters  which  we  know  to  be  necessary  to  the  formation  of  sound  results,  regarding  the  present  Ministerial  changes.  And  the  first  is  the  .Resignation  of  Lord  PAL PAL/iIERSTON.  /iIERSTON. PAL/iIERSTON.  ,  Now,  we  have  already,  upon  the  best  deditc deditctions  tions deditctions  which  we  could  form,  from  the  facts  commu communicated  nicated communicated  through  what  are  termed  the  ordinary  channels  of  expressed  our  sentiments  upon  the  - STYLE=superscript  noble  Lord's  retirement.  And,  however,  we  may  have  felt  upon-the  subject  to.  which.  his  friends  assured  us  it  has  been  owing,  we  .have  not  concealed  our  sentiments  of  the  antecedents  of  the  late  Home  Secretary.  We  have  now,  however,  such  information  touching  this  event  as  forbids  us  to  harbor  an-opinion  in  the  face  of  a  fact.  'lVe  are  in  a  position  to  state,  and  that  upon  au authority,  thority, authority,  that:Lord,P,ALMASTON  did  separate  from  his  colleagues,  not  upon  the  question  of  Eastetn  polities,  but  upon  the  question  of  Reform:  And,  moreover,  that  the  idea  of  separation  does  not  ap-  pear  toThave  always  influenced  him  in  discussing  even  -Reform  with  his  Colleagues.  And,  in  fact;  We  can  state  most  confidently,-that  the  noble  Lord  .  acted  in  this  instance,  under  the  influence  which  saved  him  from  ati  adverse  -rote:  of  the  Commons  of  England,  in  the  case  of  Don  Pacifica  !  What  .that.  influence  i  3,  how  near  him  it  is,  we  need  not  further  ~~  ~,i:Z'.7L  indicate.  Indeed,  the  conventionalities  of  society  forbid  it.  •  While  we  are  upon  this  subject  of  politics,  and  the  cohesion  or  antagonism  of  various  members  of  the  adininistration,  we  may  notice  the  _report  circu circulated.in  lated.in circulated.in  London  with  great  industry  —for  we  find  it  in  the  conservative  and  liberal  journals  simultane simultaneously—that  ously—that simultaneously—that  the  CHANCELLOR  of  the  EXCHEQUER  was  about  to-secede  from  the  administration,  and  that  he  , STYLE=superscript  like  LORD  PALMERSTON,  was  opposed  to  the  scheme  of  reform  contemplated  by,the  Cabinet—and,  indeed,  it  is  broadly  intimated,  that  the  Right  Hon..  Gen Gentleman  tleman Gentleman  is'  opposed  to  all  further  representative  We  have  ,the  highest  assurance  for  saying  that  this  statement  is  totally  and  entirely  fabulous  reform;  The  CHANCELLOR  of  the  EXCHEQUER  is  not  opposed  to  Reform  in  the  Representation.  He  has  not►  therefore,  intimated  any  intention  of  separating  from  his  colleagues  upon  that  question.  We  may  add  that  he  has  no  intention  of  abandoning  the  Aberdeen  administration,  of  which  he  is  a  principal  light  and  ornament;  and  towards  which  he  bas  in  an  eminent  degree  secured  the  good  opinion  of  the  best  men  in  the  Empire.  Whatever  differences  of  opinion  may  exist  in  the  Cabinet,  as  at  present  constituted,  we  can  say  with  the  utmost  confidence  that  they  have  no  reference  whatever  to  the  proposed  measure  of  Reform.  And  this  is  the  second  matter  upon  which  we  are  desirous  that  facts  should  supersede  fiction.  THE  late  alarming  mortality  which  has  taken  place  on  board  emigrant  ships  from  this  port,  naturally  enough  has  given  rise  to  a  variety  of  conjectures  as  to  the  cause.  Ship-owners  and  ship shipbrokers,  brokers, shipbrokers,  captains  and  prevision-suppliers,,  have  each  and  all  come  in  for  an  undue  and  unmerited  share  of  condemnation,  as  if  to  their  negligence  and  indifference  were  to  be  attributed  wholly  and  solely  the  cause  of  the  calamity.  Generally  in  such  cases  the  censure  falls  most  where  it  is  least  deserved,  whilst  the  origin  of  the  evil  remains  un untraced  traced untraced  and  misunderstood.  In  our  impression.  of  yesterday  we  published  a  well-written  article  on  this  very  subject  from  the  New  York  Courier  and  Enquirer  ;  and  we  must  say  that  .the._  views  propounded  and  the  :explication  given  by  our  contemporary  fully  agree  with  those  we  ourselves  entertain,  and  seem  to  us  far  more  rational,  logical,  and  .conclusive  than  the  arguments  adduced  by  others  in  support  of  their  groundless  theories.  Much  as  the  excessive  mortality  on  board  emi emigrant  grant emigrant  ships  is  to  be  regretted,  we  should,  neverthe nevertheless,  less, nevertheless,  exercise  great  caution  and  consideration  be before•We  fore•We before•We  lay  the  blame  at  anybody's  door.  Nothing  could  be  more  unreasonable  than  to  suppose  that  the  owners  and  agents  of  those  vessels  would  be  so  regardless  of  their  own  interests  and'  character  as  by  any  conduct  of  their's  to  render  themselves  obnoxious  in  public  estimation,  and  amenable  to  the  laws  of  their  country.  We  speak  not  At  all  of  the  humane  feelings  and  sympathies  , STYLE=superscript  by  which  most  men  are  actuated,  and  which  alone  would  be  .  sufficient  to  prevent  the  pos possibility  sibility possibility  of  such  •an  occurrence.  We  take  quite  different  grounds.  Arguing  from  self-interest  alone,  'we  say  it  is  absurd  to  think  that  those  whose  direct  advantage  it  is  to  afford.  emigrants  every  comfort  possible  to  procure,  would  for  a  little  paltry  saving,  or  from  sheer  negligence,  suffer STYLE=superscript  their  vessels  to  put  to  sea  ill-provisioned,  or  ill-adapted  for  the  direct  purposes  for  which  they  are  tended.  Ship  owners  •and  agents  know  very  well  that  if  their  vessels  obtain  a  bad  name,  it  would  be  inimical  to  their  interests,  and  become  seriously  detrimental  in  A  pecuniary  point  of  view.  They  know  that  there  are  government  inspectors  to  exa examinetheir  minetheir examinetheir  ships  and  to  report  accordingly.  If  all  the  necessary  appliances  are  provided,  and  all  suitable  arrangements  made,  well  and  good.  If  not  , STYLE=superscript  they  must  abide  the  consequences.  They  know,  likewise,  that  any  passenger,  has  it  in  his  or  her  power,  if  there  be  any  just  ground  for  complaint,  to  go  before  a  magistrate,  upon  the  arrival  of  the  vessel  taller  destination,  and  seek  reparation,  for  the  wrong.  i  Under  all  these  circumstances  we  take  it,  that  it  is  not  possible  for  the  owners  and  agents  of  ethigrant  vessels  to  be  so  wilfully  blind  to  their  own  profits  and  characters,  as  by  any  means  to  countenance  or  connive  at  imposition  of  any  kind.  Their  direct  interest  is  to  promote  the  health,  com comfort,  fort, comfort,  and  convenience  of  the  emigrants  :  and  we  have  every  reason  to  believe  that  in  nearly  every  instance  they  perform  their  duty  honourably,  effi efficiently,  ciently,- efficiently,  and  well.  The  captains  and  officers  of  emigrant  ships  have  exactly  the  same  inc'ntives  to  promote  the  welfare  of  the  passengers.  Their  interests  likewise  are  atstake•  Indeed,  perhaps  they  are  not  only  less  .  tenacious  but  more  fastidious  on  this  matter  thin  either  the  owners  or  brokers.  Clippers  invariably  take  no  little  pride  to  themselves  when  their  ships  and  pas passengers  sengers passengers  all  reach  port  in  excellent  Such  circumstances  add  to  the  weight  of  their  character,  a.  nd  raises  them  higher  in  the  owners'  estimation  and  the  public  confidence.  'Tis  not  likely  that  com commanders  manders commanders  of  emigrant  vessels  would  adopt  a  policy  fatal  to  their  best  interests,  and  even  hazardous  to  f  eir  own  safety:  •If•  thro  ugh  their  culpability  contagious  disease  •  should'  break  out  on  board  ship,  their  own  and  their  officers'  lives  are  just  in  as  much  jeopardy  as  that  of  the  meanest  emigrant.  The  true  cause  of  this  fearful  mortality  must  be  traced  to  other  and  far  different  Sources  ;  in  fact  to  the  emigrants  themselves  !.  This  ,is  the  cause  assigned  for  the  calamity  by  our  New  York  con contemporary,  temporary, contemporary,  and  we  fully  and  conscientiously  agree  with  him.  A  very  large  emigration  takes  place  from  this  port  to  America.  The  emigrants  are  mostly  Irish  and  German  people  •of  the  lowest  class.  Their  habits  are  filthy  in  the  extreme  ;  and  quite  enough  to  engender  disease  anywhere  much  more,  within  the  narrow  limits  of  the  between  ola  ship.  ImMediately  upon  getting  down  the  channel  they  betake  themselves  to  their  berths,  and  continue  thas.stove  up,  stewing  and  fretting  oughouti  the  voyage.  Too  indolent  to  exert  themselves  they  allow  every  kind  of  'filth  to  ac accumulate  cumulate accumulate  until  poisonous,  vapour  and:deadly  mias miasma  ma miasma  are  produced,  which  acting  upon  systems,  ;  already  much  enfeebled,  effect  the  results  we  so  deeply  deplore.  -  The  finest  and  best  victualled  and  ventilated  ship,  that  ever  sailed  would  not  be  safe  with  emigrants  so  neglectful  of  personal  clean cleanliness  liness cleanliness  and  even  decency.  The  emigrants  should  be  made  to  feel  this.  But  unfortunately  they  know  nothing  of  sanitary  laws,  or  the  nature  of  the  penalty  which  must  invariably  ensue  from  their  violation.  The  captain  of  a  ship,  cannot  do  much  in  preserving  attention  to  cleanliness  where  the  emigrants  amount  in  number  to  eight  or  nine'  hundred.  Besides  he  has  not  that  authority  dele delegated  gated delegated  to  him  which  he  once  had  ;  and  he  has  quite.  enough  to  do  in'  attending  to  his  nautical  duties  and  in  .directing  his  crew.  We  are  not  at  all  sur  7  prised  under  such  circumstances  that  the  mortality  on  board  emigrant  vessels  should  be  so  excessive..  To  us  the  only  wonder  is  that  so  few  have  fallen  victims  to  pestilential  disease,  considering  the  active  agencies  so  indefatigably  at  work."
