text
"n  Hop..sweli  Co.id  d  that  he  was  a  batter,  and  t.  He  left  h  lay  eveni  and  on  V  him  to  carry  the  in  aggagc  ay  forenoon  last,  near  WI  sere  ever  witness  took  up  the  carpet-bag  A  the  box  to  pro:  :Igs,  was  ut  he  aid  not  ;or  went  down  to  the  station,  ner  had  taken  away  the  box.  le  one  that  was  lost  Ten  IL  v  ie  landlord  of  the  Dog  Inn,  late  on  r  came'  to  their  hoine,  ar  f  the  arti  S  FROM  A  WORK-SILO  Court,  Joh  ht  sinlim  b  tated,  that  He  had  been  ight,  sayinf.  s  of  him,  sent  for  v.  The  constable  to  the  wralil  was  •e,  a  plane,  and  ,y  of  John  Maxwell  iving  in  Carver-  Messrs.  Mellor  irfield-street,  joiners  and  builders,  and,  on  he  left  his  tools  in  his  case  under  the  shed  at  worls  of  his  employer  He  had  been  working  in  the  Monday.  The  articles  produced  were  his  Tames  Scott,  a  joiner,  in  the  employment  of  the  same  stated  that,  on  the  preceding  day,  he  saw  the  go  to  the  case  in  question  and  take  out  of  it  a  rich  he  afterwards  pawned.  It  was  proved  that  he  ne  of  the  other  missing  articles.—Com-  ppsone  ROBBERY  FROM  A  DRAPER'S  SHOP.-At  the  City  Police  'court,  Manchester,  yesterday,  William  Carthy  was  charged  ith  having,  on  the  10th  of  November,  stolen  18  yards  of  gured  moreen,  of  the  value  of  135.,  the  property  of  William  arswell,  who  stated  that  he  was  a  draper  in  Green  -street,  ad  that  on  the  previous  evening,  about  half-past  eight  'clock,  he  went  out  of  the  sitting  .  -room  adjoining  the  shop  ito  the  shop,  when  he  saw  the  prisoner  behind  the  counter  the  pieCe  of  figured  moreen  now  produced  in  his  hand.  ;oon  as  the  prisoner  suw  the  prosecutor  he  made  a  rush  ards  the  door,  but  was  caught  and  prevented  from  T  FROM  A  110'  property  c  y,  at  the  City  Police  11  Road  as  charged  with  man,  liv  This  mOruing;  stolen  an  overcoat  worth  308.,  The  prosecutor  stated  that  ho  in  Elizabeth-street,  Cheetham-  he  placed  i  the  lobb  was  at  breakfast,  ready  to  be  taken  up  isoner  at  the  drir•n  cu..'  (111  2iiu  that  ►out  five  minutes  n  ftpr--  lig  ...mini,  speaking  to  the  ,ly  afterwards  she  gave  an  had  gone  off  with  his  overcoat  The  p-roseeu-  .w  the  prisoner  with  the  coat  over  his  arm,  ,ck,  took  him  to  Manchester  in  an  omnibus,  into  custody.—Committed  to  the  ANOTHER.  FROM  A  DRAPER'S  SHOP.—Yesterday,  the  City  Police  Court,  .Tames  Boardman  was  with  having  on  the  previous  day  nub—,  18  yards  of  f  the  value  of  235.  the  property  of  Messrs.  I  others.  a  with  John  Store)  Cheshire,  state(  a  brass-founder,  livin  on  Thursday  afternoon,  Deansrate  Sale  Moor,  three  o'clock,  he  was  going  it  half-pas  hen  he  saw"
