text
"broker  was  ordered  to  rHE  JUVENILE  BAND:  Bridport-street,  (  She  charged  the  mplained  of  the  1  nisoner,  William  Co  T  yard,  in  company  with  another  lad  on  Thursday  afternoon,  they  were  trying  to  get  over  the  wall,  Connell  having  her  much-prized  copper  kettle  in  his  hand;  as  for  the  other  bo_y,  he  got  clear  offa.  The  magistrates  determined  that  prisiner  should  be  remanded,  and  this  boy's  father  and  mother  ordered  to  appear  to-day.—Patrick  Cas Cassidy,  sidy, Cassidy,  10  years  old,  for  assisting  in  knocking  down  and  robbing  a  little  girl  in  St.  John's  Market  of  35.,  was  put  forward,  as  his  father  now  appeared.  The  unfortunate  man  stated  that  he  had  tried  all  means  with  his  boy,  but  he  was  hardened  young  ruffian  ;  he  had  sent  him  to  school  to  hill,  but  they  expelled  him  for  bad  habits.  The  thing  to  do  with  him  would  be  to  send  him  on  board  a  The  magistrate  said  at  present  he  had  no  It  to  send  him  to  gaol,  which  he  always  had  an  Copperas-'  man-of-war  p9wer  .  excei  objection  to  do  on  the  first  conviction.  There  was  to  I  specie  for  pi  he  h(  the  f  act  brought  forward  in  the  next  session  of  parliament  )rotecting  d  it  would  meet  such  c  For  the  T  of  the  boy  in  his  pow(  Irchibakl  Eak  ;onded  from  the  employment  manufacturer,  Lodge•  stealing  a  large  quantity  of  rope  from  A.  clerk  in  the  iye-walk  said  that  a  wished.  HE  s  in  the  very  act  of  cutting  up  the  rop  said  that  as  prisoners  had  not  Seen  before  com come  e come  would  remand  them  until  this  day,  and  send  for  William  Storey.  TAPPING  POUTER  BARRELS.-  _  Michael  and  Owen  _Hughes,  dock  labourers  in  the  employ  of  Dublin  Compan  mid  in  the  shed  o  ,ur  o'clock  on  Thursday  afternoo  were  charged  with  having  been  Trafalgar  Dock,  between  three  and  The  prisoners  had  a  hich  they  had  been  is  the  wed  away  from  II  Storey  and  Byrnes  were  - STYLE=superscript  drinking,  ng.  The  offiger  saw  Byrnes  throw  _  .  _  away  a  tin  vessel,  and  hg  found  a  gimllet  which  answered  exactly  to  the  hole  bored  into  the  barrel.  It  was  stated  this  particular  system  of  robbing  had  been  carried  on  for  a  con considerable  siderable considerable  time,  and  that  it  was  a  great  injury  to  the  porter  dealers,  for  pales  naturally  refused  to  trade  with  them  when  they  measure.  The  prisoners  were  fined  10s.  each,  in  default  to  be  imprisoned  for  seven  days.  ROBBERY  AT  SEA.—In  the  case  of  Campbell  and  Browne,  remanded  from  Thursday,  charged  with  robbing  a  ship shipmate  mate shipmate  in  the  channel,  the  American  consul  did  not  appear,  but  sent  word  that,  under  a  clause  of  the  local  act,  the  men  might  be  dealt  with  for  not  accounting  for  goods  found  in  their  possession  in  the  Port  of  Liverpool,  and  it  was  also  mentioned,  that  Mr.  Mansfield  had  thus  adjudicated  on  a  re-  on  this  suggestion,  the  prisoner  Camp-  bell  was  ordered  'to  be  imprisoned  for  14  days,  or  pay  a  fine  of  20s.  Brown  was  discharged.  CommirrAL  FOR  TRlAL.—Catherine  Wilkinson  was  fully  committed  for  trial  for  stealing  660  dols.  in  gold,  from  the  person  of  Charles  Peter  McClune,  a  naturalized  Yankee  re returned  turned returned  to  Liverpool  in  the  Golden  The  prisoners  companion  John  Wilks  was  discharged.  THE  Erracrs  OF  DRUNKENNESi.—Joseph  Hogan,  a  re re,nctably-dressed  ,nctably-dressed re,nctably-dressed  and  decent-looking  Irishman,  was  put  orward  charged  by  officer  192,  with  having,  at  half-past  on  Thursday  evening,  in  Tatlock-street,  assaulted  _bstructed  him  in  the  discharge  of  his  duty.  The  officer  said  that  he  had  taken  defendant's  wife  for  very  drunken  and  disorderly  conduct—  she  had  struck  him  several  times,  and  when  he  (officer)  was  about  taking  her  to  Bridewell,  defendant  came  up  and  held  him  by  the  arms,  whilst  the  wife  escaped  from  him.  A  struggle  then  took  place,  in  which  the  officer  was  assaulted.  Defendant  pleaded  that  he  only  tapped  complainant  on  the  shoulder  when  he  saw  ng  off  his  wife,  and  asked  him  what  she  had  done  quietly  afterwards.  The  magistrate  said  that  _lle  affair  had  arisen  from  the  drunkenness  and  mis mishaviour  haviour mishaviour  of  the  wife,  who  had  thus  placed  her  husband,  him  and  c  -he  wei  Workingman  in'  must  tipnL  awn  there  was  somexnuaduu  ler  him,  however  d  the  ca  CHARGE  OF  EXTORTION.  — STYLE=superscript  John  Thorn,  who  keens  a  lnag lnag-g-house  -g-house lnag-g-house  at  40,  Dennison-fa  - STYLE=superscript  root,  before  the  Court,  on  the  ocriipiamt  of  three  French  sailors,  who  said  that  Thorn.  was  detaining  their  chests.  An  agent  from  the  French  Consul's  office  appeared,  and  proved  that  Thorn  was  making  a  charge  of  £1  Is.  for  one  day's  board  for  the  three  men,  and  breakfast  on  the  following  clay  ;  and  12s.  for  the  e  of  their  three  chests  from  their  ships,  being  4s.  He  had  offered  him  15s.  4s.  each  for  the  board,  andls.  The  magistrate  said  the  charge  was  evidently  An  attempt  at  extortion  on  these  poor  fellows,  and  he  should  order  their  chests  to  be  given  up  on  payment  of  the  sum  offered  by  the  Consul.  DANGEROUS  NUISANCE.—Robert  Evans,  of  Chepstowe,  for  earn  was  summoned  for  allowing  a  nuisance  on  his  property  in  Liverpool:  he  did  not  appear.  The  inspector  or  nixisanc  stated,  that  in  a  large  unfinished  house  in  Lightbody-strec  the  property  of  Mr.  Evans,  there  were  now  a  large  numb  of  jug  styes,  causing  such  a  stench  and  dirt  as  made  it  01  of  the  worst  nuisances  in  the  north  end.  It  was  me  dangerous  to  the  public  health.  The  magistrates  mad(  order  tl  IA  the  nuisance  be  at  once  abated.  - STYLE=superscript  SUNDAY  TRADING.—P.  Casack,  beerseller,  Marybon  near  Banister-street,  was  charged  with  selling  ale,  ai  having  several  persons  in  his  house  ;  at  half-past  tweli  o'clock  midnight.  The  defendant  said,  yoi  Worship  and  gentlemen  of  the  Court,  I  beg  of  you  fi  '  He  then  proceeded  to  state  that  the  persons  deers,  and  that  the  glasses  seen  I  .  The  Mayor  said,  lemand  justice  yv-  .  You  must  pay  penalty  of  10s.  and  costs.  There  is  not  in  the  town  Liverpool  a  more  disorderly  street  than  Baia_  is  the  resort  thieves  and  prostitutes  of  all  descriptioi  and  I  happen  to  know  from  having  paid  some  visits  m  th  neighbourhood  during  the  last  few  weeks,  that  the  house  are  kept  open  Sere  to  a  scandalous  Millar(  Harrington-street,  beerseller,  was  fined  10s.  and  cost;  for  having  had  several  persons  in  his  house,  at  a  quarte  to  twelve  on  Sunday  morning,  and  having  drawn  glass  of  ale.  Mr.  Owens  appeared  for  Millard,  am  admitted  that  one  glass  of  ale  was  drawn.—H.  Yates,  beer beerseller,  seller, beerseller,  5,  William-street,  was  fined  10s.  and  costs  for  selling  ale  at  twenty-five  minutes  past  twelve  o'clock  on  Sunday.—  Matthew  Lowe,  beerseller,  Gerard-street,  was  fined  40s.  and  costs  for  selling  ale  at  a  quarter  to  ten  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning.  The  police  officer  stated  at  this  house  was  in  the  habit  of  selling  at  illegal  hours.  'The  Mayor  observed  that  if  the  party  was  charged  again  he  would  be  fined  in  the  full  penalty  of  £s.—Thomas  Owens,  beerseller,  Flare  Place,  was  fined  ss.  and  costs  for  selling  milk  at  half-past  twelve  —Anne  Pritchard,  beerseller,  Prices Pricesand  and Pricesand  .ls.  costs  for  selling  milk  at  a  o'clock  or  ster-street  quarter  past  nine  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning.—Mary  Bennett,  publican,  Brunswick-road,  was  charged  with  selling  beer  at  twenty  minutes  to  one  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning.  Several  witnesses  deposed  that  no  ale  was  drawn  after  twelve  o'clock.  The  case  was  dismissed.—Richard  Burgess,  beerseller,  Addison-street,  was  fined  10s.  and  costs,  for  sell selling  ing selling  ale  at  twenty  minutes  past  twelve  o'clock  last  Sunday.  —John  Thomas,  beerseller,  Edward-street,  was  charged  with  selling  ale  at  five  minutes  to  eleven  o'clock  on  Sunday  mornin  The  Mr.  Owens  appeared  for  the  defendant  case  was  dismissed.—Sarah  Davis,  publican,  Copperas Copperashill,  hill, Copperashill,  was  charged  with  having  a  person  drinking  ale  in  her  house  at  twenty-five  minutes  to  one  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning.  Evidence  was  given  to  shew  that  the  party  was  a  lodger  who  was  taking  supper.  The  case  was  dismissed.—Martha,  Boardman,  beerseller,  High-  fined  ss.  .  for  selling  ale  and  milk  at  a  quarter  to  nine  o'clock  on  Sunday  •  -  John  Jones,_  beerseller,  Harding-street,  Wind-  hill,  was  and  costs  morning  sor,  was  charged  with  selling  ale  at  twenty-five  minutes  past  nine  on  Sunday  morning.  The  case  was  dis dismissed.  missed. dismissed.  Jane  Hawey  Pardy,  publican,  Copperas-hill,  was  fined  is.,  and  is.  costs,  for  selling  whiskey  to  some  women  at  her  door,  at  a  quarter  past  twelve  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning.  The  defendant  alleged  that  it  was  only  twelve  o'clock,  and  lift  the  court,  exclaiming,  with  a  scornful  look  directed  to  the  police  officer,  Really  that  58  is  a  dangerous  Bridget  Currie,  beerseller,  49,  Albert-street,  -,  for  knowingly  permitting  drunkenness  in  her  on  Sunday,  fined  10s.  and  costs  ;  and  in  a  second  selling  beer  on  Sunday,  10s.  and  costs.  Toxteth  Par  puidican,  Marybone,  for  permitting  drunkenness  in  her  house.  Dismissed.  William  Boomfitt,  beerseller,  Jen Jenkinson-street,  kinson-street, Jenkinson-street,  fined  2s.  6d.  and  costs.  John  Wilkinson,  beerseller,  Norman-street,  allowing  drunkenness  in  his  house,  Dismissed.  INTERNAL  COMMUNICATION.  —Thomas  Mills,  beerseller,  Rupert-street,  was  fined  ss.  and  costs  for  having  kept  open  an  internal  communication  from  his  cellar  into  another  cellar  occupied  by  a  tenant,  through  which  ale  might  be  conveyed,  at  a  quarter  to  twelve  o'clock  on  Saturday  night  last.  THE  Shall  we  never  bury  the  hatchet  ?  asks  Mr.  Cobden.  And  .Punch  asks,  can  the  hatchet  be  buried,  when  the  peacemakers  themselves  go  often  throw  it  ?"
