text
"-Did  it  include  Great  Char  lottc7stl!  ma,  rkE  and  being  so  a  ppropria  market;  would  not  be  priate  c'ert  the  placing  of  things'  for  sal(  obstruction'  f  wbula  not  come•under  the  bye-laic.  Mr  Picret:pii—Then  u  - STYLE=superscript  nder  this  no  person  would  be  a  llowt  to  offer  a  basket  of  frui,t,  or  fish,  or  any  other  article  sale  in  the  streerg.  The  Tower  case  of  causing  an  ollgtrui.:.tami-  Mr.  PicroN  asked  'tS-k  Act  only  be  prevented  , STYLE=superscript  rher  lad  not  this  power  in  a  bY  law  before  The  TowN  CLEM,  of  parliament,  which  pro  a  certain  way  in  a  barro  by  parties  placing  down  woo&amp;I  Mr.  PICTON  structions.  The  TowN  Cr..t=.  Mr,  WOODRUFFn  remarked  tl  uck  ;  but  this  was  eV  , STYLE=superscript  wer  to  remove  —lt  merely  300  polepa  might  stand  i  Yrit  th  one  mutt  The  MAYOR  Mr.  HODSON  :  ft  Mr,  Alderman  - STYLE=superscript  cry  much  *c  ally  dangerous.  dehnitted  it  was  rule;  tut  ppor  women  was  not  to  be  done  ais  The  Town  CLERIC  Mr.  Aldermen  PARSE/1  should  like  to  know  what  the  reasons  for  appointing  Tyrrell  and  inspector  of  slaug  Wilms;  tic.  The  To  CLERK  explained  that  he  was  the  inspeeto  fish,  and  no  such  appointment  was  recognised  by  Act  ,  Parliameft,  and  to  give  him  power  to  act  In  pointment  an  inspec  incrs  were  then  confirmed.  %fr.  GLADSTONE  said  credit  17  - STYLE=superscript  as  due  to  the  officers  of  the  markets  for  seizing  so  much  bad  fish:,  Had  it  got  into  con consumption  sumption consumption  they  might  be  suffering  from  cholera  or  diarrhee•  Mr.  JOHNSON  said  . STYLE=superscript  8,5001bs  of  bad  m,:'at  had  also  beeil  seized,  and  if  this  had  been  sold,  it  would  hacre  tended  moll  to  the  destruction  of  health.  '  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  Bighan,  the  Council  adjo:trned  at  o•  quarter  past  three  o'clock  to  Wednesday  next.  The  proccetx  ENTERTAINMENT  AT  THE  TOWN  HALL,  LAST  Niou'r  , STYLE=superscript  —His  Worship,  Samuel  Holme,  Esq.,  entertained  the  Earl  of  Derby  and  a  distinguished  party  at  a  private  banquet  in  the  Town-hall  last  evening.  The  following  are  the  maws  of  the  guests  :—The  Earl  of  Derby,  Sir  John  Heron  gal'  well,  Bait,  the  Hon.  H.  T.  Liddell,  M.P.,  Mr.  William  Brown,  M,P.,  Mr.  Lawrence  Heyworth,  M.P.,  Sir  Edward  Cust,  Sir  John  Bent,  Admiral  Grenfell,  Archdeacon  Brook.►  Rector  Campbell,  Rev.  R.  M.  Fielden,  Rev.  Ellis  Ashtal  the  Town-clerk,  Mr.  Henry  Ashton,  Mr.  J.  H.  Turner,  1  0 STYLE=superscript  C.  Turner,  Captain  Baynes,  Mr.  Edward  Cropper,  ?ifs'  Hardman  Earle,  Mr.  William  Fletcher,  Captain  German  , STYLE=superscript  '  (Preston,)  Mr.  Hughes,  (Xinmell,)  Mr.  G.  Thompson,  gr'  Johnston,  (Allerton-hall,)  Mr.  H.  Littledale,  Little'  dale,  Mr.  J.  B.  Lloyd,  Mr.  G.  Hall  Lawrence,  Mr.  J,  31  055 STYLE=superscript  Mr.  T.  E.  Moss,  Mr.  Richard  Naylor,  Mr.  Daniel  Natoli  , STYLE=superscript  Mr.  George  Henry  Horsfall,  Mr.  Pedder,  (Preston,)  William  Potter,  Mr.  ChristOpher  Rawdon,  Mr.  Willia  o STYLE=superscript  Rathbone,  Mr.  W.  R.  Sandbach,  Mr.  Francis  Shand,  Afr'  John  Stewart,  Mr.  Charles  Saunders,  Mr.  J.  A.  Tinne,  3  11. STYLE=superscript  '  I.  A.  Tobin,  Mr.  Thompson,'  (Thingwall,)  Mr.  J.  14 STYLE=superscript  '  Walker,  and  Mr.  Charles  Inman.  Last  evening,  a  Alisienary  Lecture,  illustrate  d STYLE=superscript  by  a  Panorama,  was  deliirered  in  Toxtetit.  Park,  by  th  ° STYLE=superscript  Rev.  Mr.  Mann.  Yesterday,  the  splendid  clipper  ship  Ne  sailed  from  the  Mersey,  with  a  number  of  passengers  11° STYLE=superscript  Australia.  She  also  carries  out  mails  for  the  Antipodes:.  The  United  States  mail  steam-ship  •Atlantiee  Captain  West,  sailed  yesterday,  from  the  Mersey,  for  Ne  i STYLE=superscript  York,  with  a  large  number  of  passengers  and  a  full  cargo.  EMIGRANTS  IN  THE  WORKHOUSE.—Since  Tuesday  night,  there  has  been  but  one  death,  resulting  from  cholort  among  the  emigrants  removed  from  the  h  o  u  se  i  n  Moorfike  There  -has  been  no  death  among  those  removed  from  the  Isaac  Wright,  since  our  laSt  account:;  but  ye  s  te  r  d  a  y,  a  sai'°r  ~  belonging  to  her,  was  received  into  the  wo  r  kh  ouse  in  a  vox  dangerous  - STYLE=superscript  state.  A  German  emigrant  was  also  reMOVe  from  the  house  at  the  same  time.  MR.  LEVI'S  LECTURE  YESTERDAY  Levi  delivered  another  of-  his  cour.  Chamber  of  Commerce.  Bills  of  its  synopsis  comprising  definition  requisites,  and  forms  of  bills  of  exchange,  and  prc-  - STYLE=superscript  notes  ;  inland  and  foreign  bills  ;  parties  to  a  bill  ;  partners  •  operation  of  stamp  ditties;  and,bill  brokers.  Levi  fully  explained  and  illustrated  each  of  these  hea  and,  in  conclusion,  announced  that  he  would  deliVer  his  I  lecture  this  day.  .--Mr.  Leone  lectures  in  the  Lecture  wLI  THE  COLOSSEUM  AND  THE  ROYAL  INFIR,MARY&lt;  Mr.  Heath,  the  proprietor  of  the  Colosseum,  has  r  ece  ived  note  from  the  Treasurer  of  the  'Royal  Infirmary,  ac  kaVe,  lodging  the  receipt  of  £3O,  being  the  proceeds  of  a  collar;  on  Alio  29th,  given  in  aid  of  the  fiends  of  the  Infirmary,  al  l STYLE=superscript  ,  conveying.to  him  the  thanks  of  th  e  C  omm  itt  ee  f  or  h  i  s  h  a  w'  some  donation.  A  NOVEL  TESTIMONIAL  TO  CHARACTER.—Yeste  day,  at  the  meeting  of  the  West  Derby  Board  of  GuardiaOl  f  a  number  of  testimonials  to  character  w  ere  rea  d  i  n  f  a  vor  a  gentleman,  soliciting  an  appointment  under  the  Boar  i  a• STYLE=superscript  Amongst  them,  was  one  from  the  secretary  o  f  one  o  f  our  io iocal  cal iocal  institutions  ,  to  the  following  effect  ;  which  on  being.r°  d STYLE=superscript  along  with  the  others,  caused  considerable  merrullen  amongst  the  different  members  of  the  board  Dear  Sir;  Call  upon  me  at  ten  in  the  THE  LIVERPOOL  MUSEUM  AND  THE  LONDON  PRESS.—In  the  Globe  of,Tucsday  evening,  we  find  the  fol following  lowing following  remarks  on  our  local  museum  The  Liverpool  museum  is  deficient  in  arrangement,  and  poor  in  quantity.  Liverpool  is  the  centre  of  English  commerce  •  people  of  0  11 STYLE=superscript  nations  frequent  it;  people  go  from  it  to  all  parts  of;th°  world,  and  a  large  museum  m  the  town  is  a  national  want'  The  emigrant,  leaving  - STYLE=superscript  England,  wants  information  of  the,  countries  he  is  about  to  visit,  and  a  local  museum  won't'  be:  ichly  endowed  by  the  many  strangers  coming  to  ARCHITECTURAL  AND  ARCHEOLOGICAL  SOCIETY.  - STYLE=superscript  The  opening  meeting  of  this  Society,  for  the  present  sessie°  l STYLE=superscript  was  held  last  evening,  in  the  Royal  Institution.  M  r.  Ch  al  k'  , STYLE=superscript  Verelst,  the  president,  occupied  the  chair.  Mr.  Boult,  th  e STYLE=superscript  secretary,  announced  the  several  donatiOns  presented  to  th  e STYLE=superscript  Society  during  the  recess.  The  president  th  en  d  e  li  vere  d  the  opening  address  ,  in  the  course  of  which,  h  e  congratu  l  ate  d  the  Sodiety  on  the  adoption  by  the  committee  on  that  day,  o  f  the  improvements  suggested  by  the  Society;  and  after  offerid  several  suggestions  for  town  improvements,  proceeded  t  o  cow  trast  the  state  of  art  in  this  country  with  its  state  on  the  Continent,  the  results  being  not  at  all  flatterin  g  t  o  .ouf  patronage  of  art  as  a  nation.  Mr.  Picton  then  read  a  paper  °I  I STYLE=superscript  the  Society's  -annual'  excursion  to  Beeston  and  Banbari'  Thanks  were  voted  to  Mr.  Picton  for  his  interesting  paper  , STYLE=superscript  and  the  proceedings  terminated.  ACCIDENTS  NEST STYLE=superscript  ERDAY,—Joseph  Bell,  a  seawall'  was  knocked  down  - STYLE=superscript  and  trampled  upon  by  a  horse  in  Vic'  toria-road.  He  received  a  fracture  of  the  ribs,  and  bls  chest  bone  was  very  severely  injured.  Patrick  Hart,  wbils  going  on  board  the  steamer  gar  on  the  same  dal!,  with  the  intention  of  proceeding  t  o  I  re  l  an  d  ,  fell  bctwee'  the  steamer  and  the  dock  quay,  and  received  a  severe  eon'  cussion  of  the  brain,  together  with  a  f  rac  t  ure  o  f  the  collo&#34;'  bone.  Yesterday,  John  Young,  a  seaman  on  board  the  Isaac  Wright,'  was  severely  injured,  whilst  the  ship  coming  g:  into  the  Waterloo  Dock,  th  e  h  awser  breaking  and  fracturing  his  thigh;  he  also  sus  t  a  i  ne  d  a  severe  scalp  Thom  Morris,  a  labourer,  res  idi  ng  i  n  B  lackstone-stre  et,  got  crushed  between  the  cases  in  the  Liver  foundry'  Boundary-street,  and  received  a  fracture  of  the  leg.  incus  Metihoise  Sellen  an  Australian  seaman  on  board  th  e STYLE=superscript  ship  California,  fractured  his  thigh  by  a  fall.  Yesterday'  a  woman  named  Kehoe,  of  Dublin,  when  going  down  to  the  packet,  to  return  to  Ireland,  fell  into  the  turn  of  th  e STYLE=superscript  drawbridge  at  Clarence  dock  locks,  and  bruised  horse  badly.  THE  POWER.  Loom  WEAVERS'  STRIKE  AT  I\l  o STYLE=superscript  '  CHESTER.--yesterday  afternoon  'a  deputation  from  the  balliw  „ STYLE=superscript  formerly  in  th  e  em  pl  oymen  t  of  Messrs.  Miller  and  Mitchel  l STYLE=superscript  ;  manufacturers,  Alum-street,  Chapel-street,  and  Jersey-stm  t STYLE=superscript  '  (who  are  now  on  strike)  had  an  interview  with  Mr.  31  1 STYLE=superscript  -'  1 STYLE=superscript  ..  )  on  the  subject  of  the  differences  between  them.  The  result  of  the  interview  was  far  from  being  satisfactory.  . STYLE=superscript  0  Miller  on  behalf  of  the  firm,  (which  employs  somewhe  r STYLE=superscript  rt  about  380  hands,  now  on'  strike)  offered  to  comply  in  l'  with  the  demands  of  the  hands  for  an  advance  of  10g,  cent.,  by  giving  ld.  per  piece  on  some  sorts  of  cloth.  ~o  ('  hands  wanted  2d,  and  the  m  em  b  ers  o  f  t  h  e  deputation  respectable  females)  not  being  sa  ti  s  fi  e  d,  re  f  use  d  to  acce  pt  .  th  offer.  We  were  informed  'yesterday  (Wednesd  a  y)  Will  that  the  hands  now  on  st  r  ik  e  are  d  e  t  erm  i  ne  d  to  a  dh  e  re  their  original  demand  for  an  advance  . STYLE=superscript  of  10  per  cent.  COLONIAL  WOOL.—Tho  next  series  of  Colony  wool  sales  will  commenee,on  the  20th  inst.  The  stock  r  ;  56,653  bales,  viz.,  17,443  b  a  l  es  S  y  d  ney,  20,529  r°d„  Philip,  4,658  Van  Di  eman  '  s  L  an  d  ,  3,  3  68  Adelal  .  ;  t  1  5,255  Cape,  120  S  wan  River,  1,398  New  Zealand,  3 STYLE=superscript  '  to  3,902  East  India.  The  private  market  is  dull,  at  14 STYLE=superscript  currencies."
