text
"ITALY.  A  letter  from  Naples,  of  the  19th,  mentions  the  return  to  that  city  from  Rome  of  M.  de  Maupas.  The  unpleasant  incident  which  occurred  has  not  produced  any  other  result  than  the  temporary  absence  of  the  French  Ambassador.  OPENING  OF  THE  SPANISH  CORTES.  The  Spanish  Cortes  were  opened  on  the  19th  by  commission.  The  Senate  adjourned,  but  the  Congress  proceeded  to  the  election  of  its  president  and  other  officers.  190  deputies  voted  at  the  elec election  tion election  of  president.  Senor  Martinez  de  la  Rosa  was  elected  president  by  a  majority  of  100.  PORTUGAL.—The  London  Gazette  contains  an  order  for  the  Court  going  into  mourning  on  Sun Sunday,  day, Sunday,  the  27th  inst.,  for  the  Queen  of  Portugal.  The  late  queen  leaves  seven  children—Don  Pedro,  the  Prince  'Royal  ;  Don  Louis  Philip,  Duke  of  Porto  ;  Don  John,  Duke  of  Beja  ;  Don  Fernando  ;  Don  Augusto,  and  two  daughters,  the  Princess  Royal,  Donna  Maria  Anna,  and  the  Infanta,  Donna  Antonia.  The  Prince  Royal,  who  completed  his  sixteenth  year  on  the  16th  September,  is  now  king,  under  the  title  of  Don  Pedro  V.  His  father  will  exercise  the  regency  in  his  name,  until  he  com completes  pletes completes  his  eighteenth  year.  IRELAND.  FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.]  DUBLIN,  FRIDAY,  THE  LATE  RAILWAY  ACCIDENT.—The  Daily  Ex Express  press Express  of  to-day  announces  that  no  hopes  are  enter entertained  tained entertained  of  the  recovery  of  Mrs.  Blacker,  who  has  been  suffering  from  the  effects  of  the  accident  at  Straffan.  Three  actions  against  the  company  will  be  tried  in  the  Court  of  Queen's  Bench  during  next  month.  _  _  THE  DUBLIN  HOSPITALS.—A  deputation  waited  on  the  lord-lieutenant  yesterday  to  protest  against  the  government  grants  to  those  institu institutions,  tions, institutions,  and  requesting  his  excellency  to  use  his  in influence  fluence influence  in  securing  the  donations  in  their  integrity.  His  Excellency  received  the  deputation  emir  , STYLE=superscript  teously,  - STYLE=superscript  but  regretted  that  he  could  not  comply  with  their  request.  THE  QUEEN  AND  THE  IRISH  EXHIBITION.  — STYLE=superscript  Her  majesty  t  h  e  Queen  has  commissioned  Mr.  M.  Angelo  Hayes  to  paint  a  picture  of  the  exterior  of  the  Dublin  Industrial  Exhibition  building,  as  it  appeared  on  the  morning  of  her  majesty's  visit,  with  the  attendant  guard  of  honor,  royal  carriages,  &amp;c.  On  Wednesday,  the  Northern  Whig  reports  a  meeting  held  in  - STYLE=superscript  Donaghadee,  for  the  purpose  of  considering  the  advisability  of  extending  the  present  line  of  the  county  Down  railway  from  the  terminus  at  NewtownardS  to  Donaghadee,  and  also  a  project  for  establishing  a  line  of  steamers  from  the  latter  port  to  Portpatrick.  With  respect  to  the  first  matter  before  the  meeting—that  of  the  extension  of  the  railway—it  will  meet  with  general  approval,  but  the  fact  of  the  project  which  contem contemplates  plates contemplates  the  making  Donaghadee  the  point  of  com communication  munication communication  with  Scotland,  will  be  opposed  by  all  the  power  Belfast  can  wield.  We  find  froin  the  northern  Irish  journals,  that  the  communication  between  London  and  Belfast  by  magnetic  telegraph,  will  be  completed  in  about  a  fortnight,  when  there  will  be  completed  one  con continuous  tinuous continuous  line  of  wires  stretching  from  Cork  in  the  extreme,  south  of  Ireland,  through  Belfast  in  the  north,  across  the  channel  dividing  the  two  islands,  to  the  south-west  coast  of  Scotland,  .  and  thence  through  the  manufacturing  towns  and  districts  of  England,  to  London.  In  connexion  with  this  an announcement,  nouncement, announcement,  we  notice  that  the  Electric  Telegraph  Company  has  been  again  unsuccessful  in  the  lay laying  ing laying  down  of  their  wires  from  the  Irish  to  the  Scot Scottish  tish Scottish  coast.  On  Tuesday,  says  the  Northern  Whig,  the  cable  of  the  company  was•  paid  from  a  steamer  which  took  its  departure  from  Millisle  for  the  .  Scotch  coast,  but  the  vessel  had  not  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  more  than  four  miles  seaward,  when  lo  !  the  cable  again  gave  way  to  the  great  consternation  of  all  on  board.  The  vessel  returned  to  the  shore,  and  no  other  attempt  has  since  been  made  to  lay  down  the  cable.  _  .  A  BRAVE  WOMAN  !—I  mentioned  the  other  day  that  a  threatening'notice  had  been  served  on  David  Ross,  Esq.,  of  131adensburgh,  in  the  north.  That  gentleman,  it  appears  was  from  home  when  the  notice  came  through  the  post-office  into  the  hands  of  his  wife,  the  Hon.  Mrs.  Ross,  With  a  spirit  worthy  of  a  heroine,  the  lady,  on  receipt,  im immediately  mediately immediately  .caused  the  following  counter  proclama proclamation  tion proclamation  to  be  posted  up  :  the  absence  of  my  husband,  I  copy  and  post  up,  to  the  disgrace  of  this  parish,  a  letter  which  I  received  and  opened,  that  the  respectable  people  of  this  village  may  know  who  they  have  among  them,  and  purify  themselves  from  men  who  dare  not  sign  their  own  name  or  meet  publicly  in  the  face  of  day.  J.  say  moreover,  that  should  my  husband's  health  make  it  necessary  for  him  to  change  climate  this  winter  that  i  will  remain  here  to  fill  his  place,  in  order  that  .  a  cowardly  cabal,  who  dare  not  say  to  any  honest  man  be  of  should  not  continue  to  disgrace  this  parish  by  such  discreditable  productions  as  the  letter  I  now  subjoin.  earrigbawn,  November  13,  Thelollowing  is  the  threatening  notice  referred  to  :--  friend  Mr.  Ross  i  write  to  inform  you  that  I  will  .  pay  you  a  visit  some  of  these  nights  you  may  be  prepared  to  meet  us  for  it  is  not  your  Police  that  will  save  your  life  this  Winter  you  may  also  inform  Mr.  Pollard  of  the  affair  from  your  friend.  MoLLY  'MAGUIRE.  CLONMEL  ELECTION.—Mr.  Bianconi,  jun.,  has  withdrawn  from  the  contest,  and  Mr.  O'Connell  now  remains  the  sole  candidate.  THE  SHIP  The  health  of  the  passengers  and  crew  on  board  this  vessel  continues  good.  It  is  expected  that  the  necessary  repairs  and  puttiligs  to  will  be  completed  in  the  course  of  today,  (Friday)  and  that  the  Prevalav  will  then  clear  out.  PROTRACTED  VOYAGE.—  On  Tuesday,  the  emigrant  ship  Persevenance,  from  Dublin  for  Quebec,  arrived  in  Queenstown,  having  been  71  days  out,  She  has  150  passengers  on  board,  all  in  good  health.  Fortunately  for  them,  they  were  enabled  to  reach  this  port  with  two  days'  provisions  to  spare,  Yesterday  a  bulloclt  . STYLE=superscript  rendered  wild  by  somo  excitement,  ran  through  Wine-tavern-street,  in  a  furious  state,  and  in  his  career  knocked  down  an  old  man  named  Armstrong,  and  a  woman  named  Williams.  The  animal  was  'followed  by  a  crowd  on  which  be  turned  several  times,  but  was  at  length  ham-strung  by  a  thrust  of  a  pitch-fork,  and  then  killed  with  the  knife.  A  disastrous  fire  occurred  in  Victoria  Street,  Belfast,  on  Tuesday,  by  which  one  house  was  com completely  pletely completely  burn,ed  down  and  another  very  much  damaged.  Premises  awl.  property,,were  insured.  The  second  division  of  the  pstates  of  Mr.  John  Knox,  of  Castlerea,  Mayo,  comprising  2Q,123  acres,  statute  measure,  including  mountain,  bog,  and  lithe,  and  producing  a  rental  of  lls  6d,  were  sold  yesterday  in_the  Encumbered  Estates  Court,  and  produced  73,4851.,  equal  to  49  years'  purchase  on  the  rental."
