text
".  _.....  _  .  ..  _  .  ,  ..  ,  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .---..-  ,  .  _  .._.  _  ..,_  .  ..,,  ...,  •,....,...  .....,.•  .  _...,  ~....  .•...  ,•,  „_  :  .  .  .  ,  ..._  .„  ..  .  ~.................  .•.....  ~..............,..............  ....,..  .  THE..  1  - STYLE=superscript  11raos.o.N.ry.  OX_LANGU.4I,GE  _AND  .  `.`  God-be  thanlwd•  .  for.  books  exclaims  Dr.  COraiSpoutftuct.  ..ifORTALITY  ON  BOARD  _EMIGRANT  SHIPS.  ARRIVAL  OF  TORN  MITCHELL,  IN  NEW  YORK.  A  slight  shock  of  earthquake  was  f  e  lt  at  Algier  s STYLE=superscript  :  ll STYLE=superscript  sr  i  '  _  .  .  LITERATURE.  -  Charming,  and  we  re-echo  the  sentiment.  For  -------------------------  .  morning  of  the  25th  ult.,  and  on  the  same  day  tO  r STYLE=superscript  'iiit  .  1 STYLE=superscript  '  (18.  -  Tis  to  the  pen  and  press  we  mortals  owe  HAIR  DRESSERS'  EARLY  CLOSING  MOVEMENT.  The  following  are  th:names  of  passengers  who  have  died  The  event  looked  for  so  eagerly  by  the  Irish  citizens  of  shock  was  experienced  at  Boghar.  There  were  tell  ,  ...  Yo  r  rk  :--  .  (SECOND  ARTICLE.)  All  we  believe,  and  almost  all  we  .  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  .  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  at  sea,  on  board  emigrant  ships  from  this  country  to  New  New  York  and  vicinity,  took  place  on  the  27th  ult.  John  ent  oscillations,  three  of  which  so  violent  that  perso'  ls STYLE=superscript  ,  1  AT  length  a  new  era  in  w  r  itten  language  a  rose.  'Tis  to  the  press  the  Reformation  is  to  be  attributed.  SIR,-We  earnestly  desire  to  call  the  attention  of  Mitchell,  the  Irish  felon  '4B,  arrived  in  New  York,  almost  thrown  from  their  chairs.  The  movement  OS  ~  :Twits  this  - STYLE=superscript  that  raised  a  tameless  man  of  p  y,  .  .  ,  i  so  overt  your  readers  to  this  subject  which  has  been  THE  PACKET  SHIP  NEW  WORLD,  rnom  LIVERPOOL.-  in  the  steam-ship  Prometheus.  the  S.  S.  E.  to  N.N.  W.  The  old  systems  were  'found  wanting  ;  and  some  John  Stanton,  55  •  Bridget  Stanton,  20;  Margaret  Stanton,  .  The  confederates  had  been  on  the  qui  rive  for  several  Captaiu  Coddington,  who  was  for  som  ears  ni  v STYLE=superscript  .  ..  ••  •  into  the  solitary  monk  who  shook  the  long  in  agitation.  e STYLE=superscript  3. STYLE=superscript  Cho  ter STYLE=superscript  .;-1 STYLE=superscript  •  -  unknown  genius,  whose  name  is  hidden  in  the  2;  Honore  Geogban,  46  ;  ElizabethHealey,  6  ;  Mary  Hunt,  days,  and  the  news  of  the  arrival  soon  spread  with  great  of  the  Caledonian  railway  company,  died  'at  na  e  '  I  Fifty  Luthers  before  Martin  had  been  extinguished  ,  Our  employers  have  refused  to  accede  to  our  darkness  of  antiquity;  invented  signs  which  stood,  by  fire  and  fagot-but  fire  and  fagot-the  riven  request,  urging  as  the  chief  reason  that  the  cus-  38.  Neal  Kerbury  40  •  Maria  Daley  6  ;  Bridget  Clifford,  rapidity  and  pier  No.  3,  north  river,  t'ne  landing-place  of  Thursday  He  had  been  for  som  t'  labouring  ;  '  14  ';  Joseph  Harrington,  7  ,  Luigi  iriedman,  21  ;  Patrick  the  steam'  en  and  its  vicinity,  were  soon  thronged  with  an  painful  disease,  for  which  an  pe  e STYLE=superscript  at'  ime STYLE=superscript  was  recently  '  zal  not  exactly  for  objects,  but  for  the  words  used  in  a  xe  ,  an  d  th  e  b  urn  i  ng  could  not  oveT  - STYLE=superscript  °niers  either  could  not  or  would  not  oome  before  Rourke  36;  Patrick  Rourke,  infant  ;  James  Lacey,  7;  Pa-  immense  concourse  of  persons  who  h  a  d  co  m  e  to  see  and  formed  upon  him,  but  from  w  o STYLE=superscript  hic  r STYLE=superscript  h  ihoennever  recove,''  speech  to  designate  them.  An  alphabet  of  syllables  take  the  radiation§  of  the  Printing  Press  !  the  prescribed  hours.  trick  McDorough,  infant;  Sarah  McDorough,  25  ;  Andrea  s  welcome  the  exile.  It  was  with  great  difficulty  that  the  nr,  B.  H  az  y  .  •  cas  e STYLE=superscript  &#34;I'ead---'  was  fi  rs  t  f  orme  d,  w  hi  c  h  i  s  said  to  be  still  retained  As  to  who  was  the  originator  of  ,printing,  we  i  Other  reasons  were  advanced,  but  we  think  they  Kuster,  53  ;  Barbara  Kuster,  47  ;  Paul  Kuster,  10  ;  Ca  r  l  continually  increasing  crowd  could  be  kept  from  rushing  on  T  HE  S  UNDAY  S  TEAM  -  BOATS  ON  THE  ay  BE  .--Til?  0  i  .in  some  countries  of  India,  but  was  superseded  by  shall  hazard  no  remarks.  The  Germans  claim  *ere  not  a  sufficient  set-off  to  the  deprivations  we  Scherer,  5  ;  Enema  Scherer,  infant  ;  Caroline  Fahs,  2  ;  Ro_  board  of  the  vessel,  and  two  row-boats  were  brought  astern  )  the  Emperor  steamer,  which  has  been  so  often  ment'  b  ° STYLE=superscript  jeut,  tcl  at  is  an  alphabet  of  letters.  This  again  was  subsequently  Gruttenbueg,  whilst  the  Dutch  are  equally  clamor-  etidure.  If  11  or  111  hours  be  not  too  many  for  4  be  cino  t  a  s  cke  h  n  i3n  k  e  ,.  k  l  ,  2  .i;rn  f  c  an  l  T.  .  s  c  e  o  h  n  e  r  n  a  c  d  k,  E  s  ,:  e  te  a  rn  rd  ard  4  S  B  c  .  h  eßneerk7rd  -  in  which  Mr.  Mitchell  and  his  family  embarked  for  White-  the  public  papers  on  account  of  the  annoyance  will'  - STYLE=superscript  1)  1  improved  upon  by  some  genius  still  greater  than  ous  for  Koster.  Other§  are'  'of  'opinion  'that  this  any  man  in  any  station,  then  were  our  employers  9  8  .  1  mon„  .  o  mon,  6,  Frederick  .  Soloman,  hall  and  thence  the  roceeded  to  Brooklyn,  hy  way  of  the  caused  to  the  Sabbatarians  of  Glaseow  b  'ts  S  u  ndeY  .  ee-  D  Slo  3  g STYLE=superscript  •  '  '  Ham  , STYLE=superscript  ilton-avenue  fei•r  p STYLE=superscript  ,  y  i  n  ,  Ai  ,  ,  .  Q...  j  --  the  former,  who  traced  the  sounds  Of  the  human  art  was  invented  10  .  00  years  before  by  the  Chinese  ;  jUstified  We  could  wish  that  the  Ten  Hours'  sure  trips,  came  on  Tuesday_  last  before  the  seco  a.  1  ,  ._  ~,':,,  on  ,  John  Soloman,  infant;  Anne  Cunan,  58  •  Bled  et  Gun-  On  their  arrival  'a  r. STYLE=superscript  the  other  side  a  carriage  conveyed  voice  to  -their  simplest  elements,  reduced  their  and  it  is  imagined  that  as  the  Portugese  were  about  Facto  7  Bill  was  wider  in  its  range,  or  that  a  Ten  them  to  the  residence  of  Mr.  Mitchel's'brother  and  mother,  L  nes  c  e  ni  f  the  Court  of  Session  Ectinbur  h  The  complain,  ~  ..  '  ning,  7;  Christopher  Keenan,  infant  ;  Wilh'elminagTwiffel Wilh'elminagTwiffelnumber  number Wilh'elminagTwiffelnumber  to  a  few  vowels  and  consonants,  and  affixed  that  time  exploring  the  East,  they  might  have  been  Hours  Bill  was  enacted  that  would  reach  us.  ,We  hauffer,  24  ;  Louis  Twiffelhauffer,  10  •  Catherine  Twiffel-  corner  of  Hicks  and  Degraw-streets.  The  crowd,  in  the  eats,  Mr.  A  u STYLE=superscript  nd  ° STYLE=superscript  re  li STYLE=superscript  w  n STYLE=superscript  '  Ta  ra STYLE=superscript  to  y STYLE=superscript  n  and  o  c STYLE=superscript  t  o STYLE=superscript  hers  o STYLE=superscript  tl  r STYLE=superscript  -0  Hetet  -5 STYLE=superscript  °'  ~  '',',  it'.°  to  them  the  powers  which  they  still  bear.  Thus  was  instructed  in  the  art,  which  they  subsequently  present  our  grateful  acknowledgements  to  those  who  .  hauffer,  3  ;  Sophia  Steiger,  V  ;  Barbara  Hollander,  30  ;  meantime,  having  learned  of  these  proceedings,  rushed  in  steamer,  or  other  pude;  employed  ley  Tlee  P STYLE=superscript  m  i STYLE=superscript  P STYLE=superscript  froni  189 STYLE=superscript  ;0'  eq.  en:;  ;  the  art  of  writing  by  alphabetical  characters  brought  brought  to  Holland.  Be  this  as  it  may,  the  first  have  responded  to  our  appeal,  and  we  sincerely  solicit  Catherine  Srindel,  infant;  Joh's  Vander  Volde,  13  ;  Ileinr.  large  numbers  to  the  Hamilton-avenue  and  south  ferries  h  e'd  the  sift  t  . STYLE=superscript  p  ohibit  ale  reP;  i  t'  .  1  ',  12 STYLE=superscript  ),en  ,  and  embarking  passeneers  upon  any  Part  of  'the  pro  P  e STYLE=superscript  ri,  ,, STYLE=superscript  `')  Jee  to  its  highest  perfection  ;  and  in  this  state  we  110  W  book  printed  in  Europe  was  by  Laurens  Janzoon  from  all  and  every  one  a  continuation  of  their  prac-  Vat  Hasdel,  50  ;  Johannes  Bockel,  42  ;  Mary  McNamee,  ,  22  ;  Wm.  •  and  . STYLE=superscript  proceeded  to  the  residence  of  Mrs.  Mitchell,  where  they  of  the  complainer,.  on  Sundays  ;  and,  in  particular,  et  ,e,  b  cheered  mbst  lustily  for  some  time  ;  but,  finally,  very  pro proenjoy  enjoy proenjoy  it  in  every  European  country.  Hence  we  find  Koster,  of  Haarlem,  entitled  SPIEGEL  ONSER  BE  7  tical  sympathy,  believing  that  when  our  employers  infant  ;  Mary  Chambers,  16;  Cornelia  Aeberte  landing  passengers  at  the  pierS  of  Garlochhead,  A  rt STYLE=superscript  ;  3 STYLE=superscript  +  V  '  4 STYLE=superscript  i STYLE=superscript  n  that  language  was  first  pictorially  complete,  then  Mirror  of  our  BedeMption  )...--  have  .  demonstrative  proof  that  the  public  are  op  Hocken  36  ;  Mina  Hooker,  2  ;  Richard  Re  c  k  e  nh  ure  ,  , STYLE=superscript  7  ;  perly  retired,  to  allow  Mr.  Mitchell  the  quiet  enjoyment  of  Row,  or  Rowmore,  in  the  vessels  leaving.  or  returut  e  es..._____  symbolical,  and  finally  - STYLE=superscript  abstract.  and  bearing  date  A.D.  1422.  Boswell  gives  the  opposed  to  the  present  late  hour  system,  they  will  Frederick  Eruth,  infant  ;  Frederic  Bechus,  33  ;  Ann  Beh  the  society  of  his  mother  and  brother,  from  whom  he  had  Glasgow  on  Sundays,  or  from  passing  along  said  Pi  e STYLE=superscript  r  t  e  '  l STYLE=superscript  iki  G  •  The  alphabets  of  different  nations  contain  the  following  brief  but  graphic  description  of  it  :-  yield,  and  our  cause  will  eventually  be  gained.  rens,  47;  Ernest  Hamerstein,  infant  ;  John  Boldge,  56  ;  been  so  long  separated.  Late  in  the  afternoon,  however,  a  VI  k  a  i  ni  trespaesing  on  the  property  of  the  complainer  ;  also  to  ~,,si  ,  ne  y  ,  following  letters  :-  a  quarto,  in  old  German  character;  printed  'We  would  remind  all  that  the  hours  we  wish'  to  John  Beckerstin,  48;  Maria  Bookenton,  2;  Carl  Gupton,  large  crowd  assembled  around  the  house,  and  demanded  must  loudly  for  Mitchell,  who  finally  appeared  on  the  balcony  o  f  the  piers,  or  destroying  the  fences  which  may  be  e  o  r  '9,0  4e  diet  the  respondents  or  others  from  forcing  o  pen  els'.  ,  e  on  one  side,  and  the  blank  sides  pasted  together  close  at  are,  for  the  first  five  nights  of  the  week,  28  ;  Friti  Bohkin,  24  ;  John  Bohlken,  23  s  John  Batten,  re'  .'Perrii,  English  The  pages  are  without  folios,  and  many  of  the  71p.m.,  and  on  Saturdays  at  9.  by  the  complainer,  or  from  using  force  against  th  e STYLE=superscript  s  iel  !'&#34;'  , STYLE=superscript  1.4  French  ,•  ,  e  e.  ,  plainer's  servants  engao•ed  in  the  protection  of  the  •pv  ,Z  , STYLE=superscript  s;  ;1  Italian  John  Oakheim  29  ;  Maria  Ledrosky  29  •  Maria  Ledrosky  2;  H.  Cleig,  2'3  ;  Mary  Carroll,  22;  'Hug'h  Berry,  20;  Tho-.  Napper  Tandy  light  artillery  discharged  thirty-one  guns  on  or  the  grounds  adjacent  ° STYLE=superscript  .  The  case  remains  under  co  lls STYLE=superscript  . STYLE=superscript  e  - STYLE=superscript  '  -l STYLE=superscript  a3r  Spanish  27  Persian  32  illustrate  Scripture  by  After  this  was  MICHAEL  GALLIN,  Chair.  pro.  tem.  Brooklyn  heights  in  honor  of  the  arrival.  ,  .  of  pa.  ,  mas  Hall.  45  ;  Herman  Lehmann,  44  ;  Johan  Hopp,  1.  Y  A  Pious  MunnEnEn.-The  court  of.  assizes  of  ti  le STYLE=superscript  Of  'le  0  tion.  printed  the  Biblia  Pauperunt,  consisting  of  forty  HENRY  DEAKES,  Hon.  Sec.  The  committee  having  the  matter  in  charge  immediatel  rault,  in  its  last  sitting,  tried  a  man.  named  Valat,  f STYLE=superscript  ‘  n  e  o STYLE=superscript  4 STYLE=superscript  a STYLE=superscript  German  26  Sense:lit  ...  52  leaves,  which  when  pasted  together  made  but  halt  Dec.  7th,  1853.  Russia  n  4l  (contractions,  800)  THE  ROCHAMBEA.O  FROM  LIVERPOOL.-Ellen  Donahan,  assembled,  and  dispatched  orders  to  the  various  Irish  mili  Latin  ...  22  Chinese  .....  214  that  number.  Hymns  and  Psalters  were  the  first  printed  books.  Faust  published  a  Psalter  in  1457  ;  •  STEAM  SHIPS'  TRADING  CERTIFICATES.  6;  W.  Valentine,  infant  ;W.  Chapman,  33  ;  Charles  Chapman,  infant  ;  Richard.  Kearney,  41  ;  Samuel  Flinn  tary  companies,  to  be  in  readiness  for  the  evening,  to  pay  a  visit  to  Mr.  Mitchell,  which  order  was  promptly  responded  murder  of  M.  Cavalie,  - STYLE=superscript  cure  of  Poilhes  in  the  distil,'&#34;  le,  e  n  which  followed  the  coup-d'etat  of  December  1  85 STYLE=superscript  ',;  0  0  - STYLE=superscript  ___  .  )s  The  invention  of  conventional  signs,  or  letters,4  and  a  Bible;  in  moveable  types,  was  issued  for  the  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  '  infant  ;  Pat.  Henry,  infant  ;  11.  Kortens,  50  ;  Frederick  to,  by  the  assembling  at  the  corner  of  Delaney  and  Chrystie-  1815  he  was  brought  from  Spain,  in  whieh  co'untrs•  bi  e,  '  observes  Sir  Richard  Phillips,  was  the  first  step  first  time  in  Mentz,  early  in  the  15th  century.  SIR,-We  find  that  in  yesterday's  Mercury  it  is  George,  23;  Ann  Preston,  4  ;  Dennis  Preston,  6.  streets  of  a  large  number  of  the  various  companies,  all  in  born  and  he  has  since  resided  in  France.  In  I,  l STYLE=superscript  &#34;''',  s  ,  , STYLE=superscript  As,,  9  to  that  accumulated  knowledge  which  we  now  find  The  exact  date  is  not  fixed.  reported  that  we  were  fined  for  not  having  the  board  THE  Sir.As  GREEN3IAN  FROM  LIVERPOOL.-Eliza  Mal-  uniform.  Among  the  companies  present  were  the  Mitchell  sister  Sophie  died,  and  left  all  her  property  to  M.  L',,t,elr,  t  .  :  1 STYLE=superscript  --'--  ( STYLE=superscript  2.  man,  and  though  M.  Cavalio  showed  him  . STYLE=superscript  numerous  ‘  i  ,  l STYLE=superscript  e  in  the  world.  The  first  examples  were  records  of  ssr  es  !!  riiing  and  printing  were  free,  as  they  should  of  trade  certificate  for  the  present  half  year,  on  bere,  infant  ;  Frederick  Hacker,  56  ;  Selina  Cyben  a  ,  _  Captain  Henston  ;  Jackson  Captain  of  the  ninth  regiment,  Captain  Mulcahy  ;  Meagher  This  caused  him  to  entertain  a  violent  hatred  of  thatF;;P  '&#34;k  ;  - STYLE=superscript  1/0'  regal  vanity-  on  stone.  Then  a  similar  celebration  be,  until  the  year  1450,  when  the  Popes  took  alarm,  board  our  Wexford.  steamer  Emerald  and.  as  it  infaet  ;F.  Fannah,  45  ;  Caroline  Dubs,  6;.  Maria  Wach-  3  , STYLE=superscript  1  ) STYLE=superscript  ti  c  .Od  •  in  verse.  The  next,  the  regulation  of  reasoning  -issued  the  Index  Expurgatorius-and  when  several  would  naturally  suggest  itself  to  most  readers  .un•  alker  10;  Christiana  Terut  39  •  George  Lehmer  43  •  Kelley  ;  Emmet  Captain  M‘Grath  ;  Sarsfield  -•  t  ho,  ,ks  kindness,  his  enmity  appeared  rather  to  increase  '  p  ie  1  4 STYLE=superscript  se  in  logic.  The  next,  the  observed.  motions  of  the  presses  were  interdicted.  We  suppose  as  Gregory  acquainted  with  such  cases,  that  she  svas  running  Barli'ara  Myer  35;  R:osina  Se'heef'  26  ;  Claus  Pflefe'  Alvis  Faunah'  infant  ;  W.  Runsch,  infant  •  M.  R  r STYLE=superscript  u'  soh'  '.  Guards  Captain  Holly  ;  Irish  Rifles  tain  Butler  •  Irish  ' STYLE=superscript  Captain  Nugent,  all  Of  Nefv  York  ;  and  minish.  When  the  disturbances  of  1851  comm  e  n  ,  c.  ir  ei  1  ,,  ,1.er  heavenly  bodies.  The  next,  arithmetic  and  geome-  XVI.  not  Put  faith  in  his  predeces-  without  having  the  advantage  of  the  half  yearly  infant  ;  Carl.  Scheef,  infant  •  Maria  Raab,  33  '  Catha  Ham Ham'  ' Ham'  tl  M  h•  R  bl•  G  cl•  d  Mitchell  le  e  eag  ei  epu  ican  rena  iers,  an  aCcused  was  confined  to  his  bed  from  sickness,  bin  _!,„ii  4 STYLE=superscript  ,-.  4 STYLE=superscript  ..._J  .  try.  The  next,  geography,  chronology,  and  history.  sors  did  not  put  faith  inbooks  !  And  this  intolerance  survey  - STYLE=superscript  of  board  of  trade  officials  of  this  port  ;  we  macher,  infant  ;  Patrick  Me'arl,  48  ;  C.  Hage.  66-  Recha  of  Jersey  city.  This  body,  accompanied  by  Kides  to  God  to  give  him  strength  to  go  to  Pones  to  _P  o  i  k  4  4,  The  next,  observations  of  nature  and  the  investi-  wish  to  set  the  public  right  on  this  .head,  through  the  u  e'  bi  ',  ies  has  been  carried  to  such  an  extent,  that  prior  to  the  Thackelder,  infant  ,  Frederick  Tempt,  32  ;  -PAHA'  Ferley,  and  - STYLE=superscript  Nugent's  bands,  proceeded,  about  eight  o'clock,  down  to  w  e  al  r  k  e,  h  r  e  in  w  d  o  h  u  e  ld  deared  that  if  he  Ive:  ,t  5t,,,,,,_  ,  ,,,,  gation  of  reeetit  icv  vl,t,4  , STYLE=superscript  ==  ;...  I4ra  z  -,  ..........,  havt...  e  i  nee+  a  ere  e  ,  the  isee.anere,  e  r  your  p  a  p  er  .,  by  s  t  a  ti  ng  the  simple  ,40;  T.  Dworsky,  40  ;M.  Claus,  33;  Maria  Schroeder,  27;  the  Bowery,  through  Park-place,  Broadway,  and  Fulton-  e  re  a  si  c  d  a  e  r  n  nage.  nd  h  )  e  the  5t  1  1a  c  f,',,,,  1  :'  --- STYLE=superscript  2  he  went  to  the  cure's  Although  the  precise  period  when  letters  were  could  not  get  an  advertisement  printed  until  th  e  facts  of  the  case,  and  which  we  think  will  show  Karl  Wiess  16  ;  Dr.  G.  H.  T.  Pfeifer,  45.  The  first  17  of  street,  tO  the  Fulton-ferry,  where  they  crossed,  and  marched  a  i  s  i  so  v  n  i'd  o  i/  of  '  ~ STYLE=superscript  ,,,k  lkoenie,  had  to  lean  on  his  son.  He  c STYLE=superscript  e  e STYLE=superscript  nt  a STYLE=superscript  ered  th  ll STYLE=superscript  e  ' STYLE=superscript  invented  cannot  be  ascertained,  still  we  have  some  MS.  had  been  first  submitted  to  the  'ecelesiastical  that  if  not  acting  up  to  the  very  letter  of  the  act,  the  list  are  'from  Germany,  the  _following  7  from  Ireland,  through  Hices-street  to  the  corner  of  Union-street,  to  the  the  cure  to  relieve  him  as  he  was  in  distr  o STYLE=superscript  e  u STYLE=superscript  s  s STYLE=superscript  s  e STYLE=superscript  .'  a STYLE=superscript  Tb  e STYLE=superscript  .se  c STYLE=superscript  e  4 STYLE=superscript  ,  ,oin  .data  upon  which  to  found  our  conclusions,  as  authorities,  and  received  the  im  - STYLE=superscript  prilnatur  of  the  in-  we  certainly  did  so  to  the  full  spirit  of  it  ;  and  that  and  the  remaining  3  country  unknown.  Total  27.  quarters  of  Mr.  Mitchell.  Here  the  bands  played  several  went  to  his  secretaire,  and  whilst  opening.  it,  the  Vol  N  '',,  D  well  as  traditionary  opinions,  which  are  not  alto  quisitor  !  Wishing  one  morning  to  compare  the  the  bringing  of-us  into  court  for  so  very  trivial  a  THE  Meneeeriox  mom  LIVERPOOL.  -John  Atlesey,  in-  American  and  Irish  national  airs,  amid  loud  and  long-con-  discharged  a  pistol  at  him  and  shot  him  dead.  He  rie  '  4l STYLE=superscript  gether  devoid  of  interest.  .  r  asesaes  of  truth.  The  population  of  Ancient  -  and  Modern  Rome  (writes  charge  displayed  a  singular,  if  not  uncalled  for,  flint  ;  William  Regan'  Atlesey,  11  ;  Honore,  Mullen,  .20  ;  tinued  cheers  for  Mitchell.  turned  home  and  displayed  a  red  flag.  The  jurY  laltr  1'  1 STYLE=superscript  4  .42,  invention  of  testers  has  •  been.  attributed  to  Whiteside)  I  desired  tci  refer  to  Gibbon's  History,  nthount  of  zeal  on  the  part  of  the  legal  adviser  for  Biddy  MoGrally,  22;  Anthony  Walsh,  21  ;  Willi  am  .Mr.  Mitchell,  in  answer  to  the  loud  demands,  stepped  on  him  guilty  and  the  court  condemned  him  to  death.-  - STYLE=superscript  'llo,  m  et  y,,,,.  the  Egyptian,  who  flourished  1822  years  and  accordingly  asked  my  banker  where  I  should  safe  conduct  of  said  act  in  this  port.  Crumery,  infant  ;  Ellen  Fose,  20;  Bridget  McDonald,  24  ;  the  balcony,  and  spoke  to  the  assemblage  as  follows:-  nani.  .  4.  ,„„rfs'..  , STYLE=superscript  ,  before  the  Christian  era  ;  but  the  mummies  prove  be  most  likely  to-  procure  the  book.  He  smiled,  The  act  calls  on  us  to  have  our  vessels  surveyed  ers  20  •  John  Dourman  21  •  James  Dou  herty  James  Rog  ,  ,  .  .  ,  ,  g  ,  Citizens  Fellow-countrymen  and  Soldiers  of  America  •  I  ,  ,  2  .  •  WALLACE'S  AMAZON  AND  RIO  NEGRO.-THE  V.-  '  bef  '  •v,  s  e  ,  32;  Margaret  Butler,  33;  Julia  Callahan,  15  ;  William  feel  unable  to  speak  to  you  to-night  as  I  would  wish.  I  72  .  that  the  art  of  writing  is  far  more  ancient  than  said  I  must,  he  feared,  do  without  Gibbon  till  I  in  all  the  months  of  October  and  :  April  in  each  year.  One  day  the  fisherman  brought  us  in  a  fine  pei,  i STYLE=superscript  ,  e STYLE=superscript  ,,sl  ...1.1  ..  , STYLE=superscript  Stevenson,  16  ;  Mary  Stevenson,  3  ;  William  McCutchen,  am  fatigued.  For  many  a  long  day  I  pined  to  set  m  foot  -  his  age.  We  know  from  the  Pentateuch  that  reached  England,  as  he  belived  it  had  been  lately  The  Emerald's  old  certificate  expired  ou  the  26  •  James  Logan,  21  ;  Dennis  Lonheany,  20  ;  Catharine  on  the  free  shores  of  America,  that  I  might  be  free  l  y STYLE=superscript  The  or  cow-fish,  a  species  of  Manatus,  which  inhabits  ttt  .  , STYLE=superscript  ls}  ;tl  •  44,  •  letters  were  in  use  among  the  Jews  prior  to  the  seized  by  order  of  the.  Inquisition.  Curiosity  in-  18th  of  October  last,  and  she  was  surveyed  and  ;  Collins,  20  ;  Mary  Carroll,  35  ;  Augustus  Doremus,  19  ;  banner  which  I  now  see  before  me  --the  banner  that  o  z  f  on  ih  a  e  ndis  parlcularly  a  f  bundant  in  the  lakes  in._  t STYLE=superscript  f,  ,  ,.,  ,  c  v  .  sl  time  of  Moses.  But  Sanchoniatho  must  have  duced  me  to  walk  straight  to  the  bookseller.  I  passed  within  a  week  from  that  date,  and  the  Richard  Doreimus,  28  ;  Frederick  Ropke,  13  ;  August  Bau-  You  of  the  New  York  regiments  have  sworn  to  defend  near  five  n STYLE=superscript  i  v STYLE=superscript  n  e STYLE=superscript  r STYLE=superscript  e  . STYLE=superscript  i.  r  u  t  mf  w  er  a  e  s  o  a  e  .  mal  h  e,  a  h  b  i  o  c  iit  six  feet  ,  I STYLE=superscript  ,°,,P  e  1,a  ..  ,  s  e  ,  written  antecedent  to  Moses,  for  he  notices  nothing  asked  for  Gibbon  ;  he  replied.  the  book  he  had  proper  documents  vouching  .  the  same,  sent  to  Lon-  mann,  23  ;  Daniel  Harmery,  23  ;  Elizabeth  Halstead,  24  ;  -is  a  glorious  banner.  I  know  my  fellow-countrymen  is  perfectl  sLoth,  aZ  i  i  i  v  i  i  L:  o  t  t  kest  par:  t  .  ior  ;l'  or  c  i  •  Jewish,  unless  the  allies  of  Ilus  or  Chronus  not  then,  as  it  had  been  taken  away  from  him  don  ;  her  new  certificate  is-  dated  in  London  on  Elizabeth  Remezzel,  44  ;  Wilhelm  Oehr,  26  ;  Michel  will  ever  remain  faithful  to  that  banner,  and  the  qualities  gYradually  chanoino•  ,  into  a  a STYLE=superscript  argitl  semic  l STYLE=superscript  ;t  ° STYLE=superscript  '..13  .  1  (whom  he  called  Elohim,)  were  Jews  ;  and  nothing  lately.  Subsequently,  I  heard  the  officials  -  v  i  s  ito  the  3rd  November  last,  reached  here.  on  the  sth  of  Dauney,  19;  Honore  Dunlake,  '24;  Michael  Delany,  50  ;  country  it  represents-the  home  of  their  adoption;  and  flat  tall,  'with  ne  appearanco  ° STYLE=superscript  whatever  of  hind  limbs.  ter  I STYLE=superscript  4i  t  later  can  be  collected  from  him  than  the  Titan  this  man's  shop  and  library,  examined  his  stock,  November,  and  we  noticed  to  -that  effisct  on  the  7th  John  Fitzpatrick,'  infant  ;  Johanna  Fitzpatrick,  20  ;  Mary  should  that  banner  ever  be  assailed,  the  Irishmen  will  is  no  distinct  neck  ;  the  head  is  not  very  large  and  .  .,  e  '  er  k  t,  , STYLE=superscript  ,,,,,  war,  which  occurred  2,800  years  before  Christ.  and  removed  such  books  as  they  disapproved  of,'  of  November,  and  that  it  waited  our  signature  for  Reilly,  29;  Bridget  Reilly,  3  ;  Mary  Farrell,  40  ;  Cornelius  carry  it  deepest  into  the  ranks  of  the  enemy.  I  will  .saY  minated  by  a  large  mouth  and  fleshy  lips  somewhat  s  ';  lit,  \  I'  s  Moses  wrote  his  history  1,740  years  before  the  although  printed  in  foreign  languages.  Amongst  delivery  at  :the  Sailors'-home.  We  omitted  to  go  Guilford,  45  ;  James  Deyelin,  40;  Mary  Mulaney,  50;  nothing  about  Ireland  now,  but  God  knows  I  feel  much.  bling  those  of  a  cow.  There  are  stiff  b'ristles  on  t  s  uSsd  •  ‘  \ STYLE=superscript  s'el!  Christian  era,  and  other  Jewish  books  were  the  books  so  seized  were  Gibbon,  and,  I  - STYLE=superscript  believe,  down  fbr  it  on  that  day,  and  the  Emerald  sailed  Mary  A  L  e  &lt;  n  ele  n  30  ;  Ca  2  tl  2  7ine  Hogan,  28  ;  William  Hog:an,  o.  W  ..t  hen  .  l  see  so  many  I  d  rish  .  armed  m  i  en  before  me,  with  their  and  a.  few  distantly  scattered  hairs  over  the  body.  '1,  3  ,  written  540  years  earlier  still.  There  is  no  doubt  the  histones  of  Robertson  and  Hurne:'  So  far  the  the  following  day  without  it,  'but  had  it  on  board  te  27  •  °l;l STYLE=superscript  f  rn STYLE=superscript  h2Ls  I's  Bridgp  .  Dour  .  ney,  19  ;  William  e!  t  i  e  a  ri  s  ng  o  l  i  s  .  nmet  s  s  ai  a  d  n  tright  ma  i  r  i  f  al  ,  array,  lam  forced  to  the  head  are  two  powerful  oval  fins,  and  just  benea  t STYLE=superscript  'd  fie  :  . STYLE=superscript  ‘  l  l STYLE=superscript  7  that  the  Phcenicians  and  Egyptians  were  the  pen  of  Whiteside,  whose  volumes  on  form  on  the  14th,  ere  she  again  sailed  ;so  that  because  arey„  _  ogaa,  2  ,  Daniel  Marrow,  3  ;  Carl  ?ay,  .'  fi  ld  wi  e  his  eart  s  blood  was  plowing  are  the  breasts,  from  which,  on  pressure  beino•  a  pplie  tost  E\  is  Felter,  24  ;  Herman  Schneider  23  s  Robert  Vanderwolfe,  D  I  e  ore  his  eyes  on  the  0  God,  that  this  were  earliest  writers.  The  ancient  account  is  thet  a  a  splendid  tribute  to  our  national  literature.  we  were  -24  hours  behind  time  in  getting  this  52;  Richard  Vanderwolfe  28;  'Edward  Doremus  58  ;  for  I  must  ask  you  to  excuse  me  to-night  from  a  stream  of  beautiful  whit  •  ''  •  ute  dl  ,  ,  ss,  e  milk.  The  ears  are  min  Plicenician  named  Cadmus,  brought  letters  into  Caxton.  was  the  first  English  printer;  and  his  document  on  board,  thinking  it  mattered  not,  it  Anthony  Remezzel,  infant';  Crurner  Remezzel,  infant  ;  raking  any  lengthened  observations,  but  another  time  I  dth  that  i  i  le  .6:  l  a  i  n  e  ey  e  es  very  .  small.  -  The  dung  resembles  ;I  A  ,  k‘  s  e,,  ,  ,_  Greece,  and  that  according  to  the  common  system  printing  establishment  was  in  the  Chapter-House  being  in  the  hands  of  the  recipients  of  the  board  Sophia  Dettmer,  7;  Frederick  Rancke,  7  ;  Theresa  Ran  c  ke  will  address  you  at  greater  length.  Indeed,  I  shall  regret  Th  colour  is  a  dusky  lead,  with  some  largeP  a  9  s  w  o STYLE=superscript  h  r STYLE=superscript  i  s STYLE=superscript  t  e STYLE=superscript  e  marbled  blotches  o  -  '  '  '  013°.- STYLE=superscript  11'  '  2 STYLE=superscript  4  - STYLE=superscript  ..  2:  n  the  bell  The  skin  Is  be  •  •  R  of  chronology,  he  was  contemporary  with  Joshua.  of  Westminster  Alley.  He  brought  the  art  from  of  trade  for  sueh  documents,  and  as  it  is  of  no  un-  '  Christiana  Wayatt,  21  ;  Anna  Peterson,  7  •  Frederick  if  I  have  not  an  opportunity  to  address  my  countrymen,  Plato  attributes  the  invention  of  current  writing  Germany,  where  he  had  learnt  it.  In  the  year  common  occu  r  rence  t  o  h  ave  t  o  write  to  London  Rhol,  37  ;  Maria  Petz.  infant  ;  Frederick  le.  Klais,  23.  and  all  citizens,  one  to  tell  them  how  grateful  lamat  m  inch  thick  on  the  back,  and  a  uart  y STYLE=superscript  er  f  n  inch  on  the  .  c  n  t  ‘  y  Beneath  the  skin  is  a  layer  of  g STYLE=superscript  fat  of  a  o STYLE=superscript  gr  a STYLE=superscript  eater  or  less  t STYLE=superscript  ,,,  111 STYLE=superscript  0  V  to  Theuth,  or  Thoth,  the  Egyptian,  who  lived  1471  he  issued  the  first  book  printed  in  this  cows-  ere  they  are  sent  down,  and  then  find  them  dated  .  The  first  death  occurred  the  day  after  leaving  Liverpool,  escape  from  bondage  to  this  free  land.  With  thanks  for  ness,.generally  about  an  - STYLE=superscript  inch,  which  is  - STYLE=superscript  boiled  down  t  ° STYLE=superscript  ;ar  k,  --1 STYLE=superscript  -.  3,000  years  before  Christ,  and  who  is  considered  try.  It  was  The  History  of  After  his  death  forward  to  the  middle  of  the  months  of  April  or  and  on  the  15th  day  out  the  whole  number  reported  above  the  honor  you  have  done  me  this  eveuing,  I  will  bid  yon  an  oil  used  for  light  and  for  cookino.  The  intestine  e  el  l  e  t,  to  be  the  Mercury  of  the  Greeks.  It  does  not,  four  of  his  forei  '  1  t  t  . STYLE=superscript  d  tl  November,  as  the  case  may  be,  we  are  :brought  be begn  gn begn  assis  an  s  prac  ise  le  had  died.  .The  disease  afterwards  disappeared,  and  the  re-.  good  .  N'  ) STYLE=superscript  '  7  very  voluminous  the  heart  about  the  size  of  a  sheeP'  s STYLE=superscript  ;  e  ide'  e  \  _,  u  zi  however,  say  much  for  their  good  taste,  when  they  art,  and  several  works  were  published  by  them  _  fore  the  magistrates  and  find.  The  very  fine  asinine  passeneers  were  landed  in  eood  health  M STYLE=superscript  THE  b STYLE=superscript  GEORGE  ri STYLE=superscript  IItr  E  t STYLE=superscript  '  P  .  This  brief  address  from  Mr.  Mitchell  was  frequently  in-  the  lunes  ab  '  •  •  eh° STYLE=superscript  °  ---•  ,  out  two  feet  long,  and  six  or  seven  in  nee  ii,  t  ,  ,  have  made  Mercury  the  messenger  of  the  gods,  of  a  worthless  character.  .  The  first  types  itself  showing  their  opinion  of  the  affair  to  be  6;  W.  Valentine,  in  i STYLE=superscript  fa  E STYLE=superscript  n  it STYLE=superscript  t  i STYLE=superscript  ,  FWRONIChI!AVRE.-  3  3  ...  :  11ea  Donahue  terrupted  by  cheers  and  cries  of  Welcome  welcome  and  ut  A  D;  5  .,.,,  very  cellular  and  spongy,  and  can  be  blown  0  ,  to  t  .25  4,  C  Cha  p  a  '  at  its  conclusion  the  manifestions  of  rob  Lion  we  '  inventor  of  letters,  and  god  of  eloquence,  mer-  cast  in  England  were  by  Caslon,  in  1720  -  similar  to  our  own,  and  that  if  the  act  permitted  it  infant;  Patrick  Henry,  infant  ;  H.  p STYLE=superscript  l  r STYLE=superscript  i  n STYLE=superscript  e  a STYLE=superscript  r  i STYLE=superscript  terns;sl  ;  Fre  - STYLE=superscript  d  in STYLE=superscript  e  'el:  great.  The  band  again  struck  up  a STYLE=superscript  a  p STYLE=superscript  n  p STYLE=superscript  d  afterwards  riekfryeii  bladder.  The  skull  is  large  and  solid,  with  no  fe?nl  ow  1  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  chandise,  and  robbers  Josephus  affirms  that  he  Seventy  yeae  r  e  later  the  printing  machine  Was  sug-  they  wOuld  have  dismissed  the  case.-We  are,  George,  23  ;  Ann  Preston,  4  ;  Dend  P  -  •  n STYLE=superscript  JSthhff  t  d  th  1  . STYLE=superscript  1)  t•  'f  M  M't  hll  d  is  reston,  6  ;  Richard  •  my  ,w  oeece  eieraiono  r.  ice,mae  the  vertebrm  extend  to  the  very  tip  of  the  tail,  but  °.t.'  o  s  oy  .,  ,;_  had  seen  inscriptions  by  Seth  the  son  of  Cain.  gested  by  Nicholson,  which  was  sUbsequently  per-  -  yours,  obediently,  .  Kearney,  41  ;  Samuel  Flinn,  infant.  his  appearance  on  the  balcony,  and  said  :  rudiments  of  posterior  limbs  ;  the  fore  limbs,  on  to  e  ,  „  8,1  A  ,  ear  ,  ycl  a  lie.,  -  t  i,  1  41  ,  Although  Cadmus  journeyed  from  . STYLE=superscript  Phoenicia  to  fected  by  a  German,  named  Koenig.  Printing,  how-  FITZSIAIONS,  APPLEBEE  &amp;  Co.  Citizens  :I  am  thankful  to  you  for  your  kind  call.  lam  trary,  are  very  highly  developed,  the  bones  ex  the  ..,  •  0.  even  ''^-  so  Greece,  yet  the  ancients  assert  that  he  was  from  ever  was  distinguished  foe  little  taste,  till  improved  '  Liverpool,  December  JO,  1853.  indebted  for  it  for  the  tI  t  IC  th  11)  ti  f  h  par  .00  in  e  i  era  on  ot  e  ponding  to  those  of  the  human  arm,  hann„  .  a  s  .  ~  ,  A  fire  occurred  in  Cork  on  Tuesday  last,  by  which  pro-  noble  Mitchell,  whom  fingers  with  every  joint  distinct,  yet  enclosed  11 STYLE=superscript  '  10  01  Thebes,  in  Egypt,  where  he  built  a  citadel.  It  is  by  Bell  and  others,  about  the  year  1776.  And  it  is  -  perty  to  the  extent  of  .ElOOO  was  destroyed.  scape  from  geniis..  b  y  o  o  n  e  d  i  c  o  om  t  e  I  l  re  to-night  to  welcome  on  his  i  n  i!  flexiule  skin,  where  not  a  joint  can  have  anY.  r  s  en,  thought  that  Moses  carried  the  Egyptian  letters  only  within  the  last  half-  century  that  it  has  at  Burli  The  Press  recommends  th  ngton  House,  Piccadilly  The  fire  at  Mr.  Lumsden's  printing-office,  Cork,  last  e STYLE=superscript  a  man  in  the  croA  I  seeateef  o  appy  i  freedom.  But  is  there  The  cow-fish  feeds  on  grass  at  the  borders  of  the  r  i`vc  .00  ---!-0--  1.-:-.  :-+.,  r.  ,,, STYLE=superscript  innii..and  from  thence  they  were  arrived  at  perfection.  So  far  has  the  printing  press  which  is  now  to  be  sold,  shall  be  taken  for  a  national  museum  week,  is  said  to  be  the  work  of  an  incendiary.  H  i  d  e  g  h  set.  e  o  u  re  me  t  iat  would  not  de  what  lakes  and  swi  s  '  m  quickly  with  the  tail  and  paddles;  '0  transmitted  to  Greece  by  the  renn-e.e.,,,  e  and  picture  gallery.  aye  one  or  o  n  ite  e  ?  [Cries  of  There  is  not,  th  'h  ,1  hearing  l',_  re STYLE=superscript  r  e'  Tberear.n.d_van.ced  humanity,  by  extending  knowledge,  that  The  funds  of  the  Edinburgh  city  mission  amounted  for  there  is  not  He  returns  to  you  to  night-in  good  health  •  ong  the  external  organs  of  sight  art.  ---  to  ve  .  d  ),,  is  no  question  but  that  the  letters  of  venous  there  is  scarcely  man  to  be  found  NAVAL  INTELLIGENCE.-The  Blenheim,  60,  screw-ship  ,  imperfect,  these  senses  are  said  by  the  hunters  ou  C  4.,  t  e  past  year  o  2089.  h  t  l',  '  d  h  .  •  h  •  an  e  returns  to  you,  too,.  with  t  e  same  sentiments  and  languages  can  be  traced  to  one  source,  (with  the  who  does  not  possess  rnore  learning  mai,  seissr.  Captain  the  Hon.  F.  Pelham,  has  been  dismasted  and  placed  S  e  . STYLE=superscript  1  f  1  •cl  d  1  .  evera  ata  acce  ents  occurre  ast  week  during  the  fogs  the  same  spirit  with  which  he  left  hiS  country  in  1848.  markably  acute,  and  to  render  necessary  all  the  t  i;  „  e  ,  of  'o  we  l;  and  skill  to  capture  th  •  •  Pr- STYLE=superscript  °I. STYLE=superscript  t STYLE=superscript  e  animals.  Thev  breve'  ~,s  s.  arras  #  e  a  .  exception  of  four  subsequently  added  by  Pale,  colleges  could  boast  of  four  or  five  hundred  years  -  1 STYLE=superscript  -er  , STYLE=superscript  ;(lP  her  hulk  the  Hastings  where  her  officers  and  crew  will  be  berthed  auie  g  1....,  -41;  '  in  Manchester.  -  e.  (Great  applause.)  He  is  now  in  a  land  where  he  can  live  1  t  -  h  . STYLE=superscript  h  '  ii.'  *-- STYLE=superscript  eaugh STYLE=superscript  '  1' STYLE=superscript  medes  and  Simonides)  viz.,  to  the  alphabet  of  ago  !  A  book  svhich  can  now  be  had  for  a  few  LETTERS  FOR  TH  I STYLE=superscript  E  I STYLE=superscript  Artesne  SHIPS.-Letters'  tor  . STYLE=superscript  The  Mar  d  fL  nd  d  h  h  '1  ''t  uffic4  „....  ,  ,  qis  o  o  on  erry  as  appi  y  qui  e  recovered  without  the  fear  of  packed  juries  or  bayonets.  I  have  only  rare  y  wo,  young  .  ones,  wic  they  clasp  ossa  g  or  sears,  Cadmus,  as  that  brought  by  him  into  Greece  shillings,  would  have  cost  in  manuscript  no  less  seamen  s  and  marines  serving  ia  the  underrnention.ed  ships,  from  tne  eiTeute  yr  hi.  I.th  severe  accident  in  Dublin.  to  thank  you,  and  to  inform  you  that  our  other  friends  in  •  paddles  while  giving  suck.  They  are  bell  ,  s  e  or  st'  i.e.  s  a  la  g  e  t,  sn,  ,  .  contained  but  sixteen  letters.  Diodorus,  however,  than  500/  ,  during  the  fourteenth  century  !'  We  '  will  be  in  time  to  be  forwarded,  if  sent  to  the  admiralty  on  Last  week  a  girl  committed  to  the.  borough  gaol  uf  Leeds,  seen  Diemen's  Land  are  all  well.  Let  us  hope  soon  to  have  in  astrong  net,.  at  the  narrow  entrance  o  ___,,,  h  a  sea  ,  ,  contends  that  the  Pelasgian  letters  were  prior  to  have  every  reason  to  say,  God  be  thanked  for-  or  before  the  15th  inst.  :-Iler  majesty's  ships,  Enterprise  was  burned  so  dreadfully  that  she  can  hardly  survive.  The  the  pleasure  of  greeting  them  under  the  protection  Of  the  rd  .  are  killedby  driving  a  wooden  plug  .  f  i  ce  g.  ,c  4, STYLE=superscript  w,,  the  Cadmean.  Literature,  at  all  events,  cnims  an  books  !  Rattlesnake,  and  Plover.  '  mischief  was  caused  by  herself.  .  .  .  stars  and  stripes.  heir  nostrils.  Each  yields  from  five  t.L'X  i STYLE=superscript  ttitng  .  -  ~01'.  antiquated  origin.  The  earliest  Chinese  historians  It  is  a  'striking  fact,  that  the  ornaments  (as  we  APOTHECARIES'  -HALL.  -The  following  gentlemen  passed  WHISKEY.-On  Monday  the  Curk  distillers  reduced  the  M  r  S  ,  myth  s  remarks  were  also  received  with  raptures  of  of  oil.  The  flesh  is  very  good,i  b STYLE=superscript  i  g STYLE=superscript  's  with  seve  A  price  of  whiskey  3d.  per  0-allon.  The  price  is  now  fixed  a  .  b  f  d  k  d  11  .- STYLE=superscript  •  fur  n-she STYLE=superscript  l STYLE=superscript  '  -  ...../  s STYLE=superscript  .se STYLE=superscript  ee  an  por  ,  an  t  ie  one  claim  the  year  2,200  B.C„  and  Tacitus,  who  wrote  term  them)  of  language,  do  not•  necessarily  arise  their  examination_  in  the  science  and  practice  of  medicine  ,  on  7s  sd.  per  g  allon,  25  over  proof.  t  applause.  The  band  continued  to  play  for  some  time  longer,  from  our  fish  diet.  y  '4 STYLE=superscript  .  ber  8  1853  :-Edward  Pearl,  llexne,  but-  '  and  the  crowd  to  cheer  for  Mitchell,  Sm  th  and  was  an  agreeable  change  -  'of  eight.  books  of  laws,  and  several  works  of  natural  from  its  perfection,  On  the  contrary,  the  languages  puredaY,  -ii  em  .  -  W  - STYLE=superscript  Gbb  Messrs;Truman,  Hanbury,  Buxton,  and  Co.,  have  given  groans  for  the  packed  sec.  y  ,  and  others,  with  __________  'T  h  L  lk  •  George  Wright,  at  am,  ancaster  ,  i  iam  a  0  i+  1 STYLE=superscript  /  4  :  -  philosophy,  lived  nearly  2,000  years  before  the  of  the  most  uncivilized  nations  in  their  primitive  ,e.  ,  shAre.  instructions  that  all  the  men  in  their  employ  -about  300  M  111  . STYLE=superscript  hll  d  e  rs.L  itc  e,  in  -e..erenee  to  repeated  irequests  proscrnt  NOTICE.  TO,  g  IA  b  t  ..th  C  digan  Jenkins,  .ti.  erys  Nu  ,  ar  Greeks  became  distinguished.  state  abounded  with  figures.  And  the  American  .  L  EICESTER  TRADE.-The  firmer  tone  of  the  wool  market  in  number-shall  have  the  whole  of  Monday  the  26th  as  a  herseleat  the  window  overlookine  th  t  t  d  '  i  l  ea STYLE=superscript  ze....  •  a  e  s  ree  ,an  was  DAILY  t  oP,  1  ,1  ,  zi  out  u_  ,  .--........„......  _c  c  ,  the  NORTHERN  ,  .  ..  e  el  ~$  k  to..st  Early  Chinese  literature  suffered  a  misfortune  dialects  are  to  thus  characterised.  In-  has  given  more  coefidence  to  the  holders  of  both  goods  and  hrd  '  fCh  d  ''  •  '  '  -  o  i  ay,  in  consequence  o  ristmas-  ay  falling  this  year  siastieally  cheered.  nave  now  completed  their  ctrrangements  Joi  '  ,i  t  it'  9  ,`44  similar  to  that  of  the  West,  in  tlse  destruction  of'  the  deed,  the  Canadians  carry  on  their  treaties  and  yarns  •  and  the  coeviction  is  general  that  prices  have  on  a  Sunday.  In  the  meantime,  many  of  the  more  noted  of  the  confede  •  •g  I  .4  e  the  delivery  of  the  paper  at  the  follOWe  ll STYLE=superscript  1  .?51,  1  41  (  .  Alexandrian  Library,  for  their  emperor  Chee-whang-  public  business,  in  the  most  florid  style  of  conifio  - STYLE=superscript  reached  their  lowest  limits  for  the  present.  We  have  heard  [As  Irish  whiskey  is  sold  in  this  country  at  proof,  it  rates  and  of  '4B,  and  others,  entered  the  house,  every  morning,  at,  or  before  eight  o'clock.  ~,•  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  1  ,  i;!e(  tee-commanded  all  the  writings  to  be  burned,  that  sitioia.  In  Colden's  History  of  the  Indian  - STYLE=superscript  of  375.  being  offered  freely  for  fair  average  Leicestershire  woeld,  of  course,  be  one-fourth  less,  or  ss.  6id.,  to  which,  of  and  were  introduced  to  Mr.  Mitchell  and  his  family.  Among  BIRKENHEAD  I  BOOTLE  .1  1  ,  tr,  t  ,  everything  might  begin  anew  with  his  reign  !  highly  amusing  and  interesting  instances  are  re-  lots.-Leicester  Chronicle.  course,  is  to  be  added  the  cost  of  carriage,  and  diference  them  were  P.  Lynch,  of  the  Irish  Amerian,  Robert  H.  Hop-  WOODSIDE  i  1  WAL'I'ON  Y,  ' STYLE=superscript  '  i STYLE=superscript  l  Some  of  their  book;  and  records  fortunatel  between  the  Englier  and  Irish  duty  to  make  the  wholesale  per  Edward  Kavanagh  Y  corded  in  th  e  - STYLE=superscript  f  orm  o  f  ex  t  rac  ts  f  rom  t  h  e  i  r  public  A  niNT.  -I  t  i  s  no  t  generally  known  that  the  leaves  of  •  !  „  Messrs.  Taylor,  Oulahon,  and  TRANMERE  ;  escaped  the  conflagration.  So  the  Mussulmans,  documents:  So  that,  however  paradoxical  •the  gerauiums  are  an  excellent  a  plication  for  cuts  where  th  1  3 STYLE=superscript  s  rice  in  England].  p- STYLE=superscript  d  f  h  •  -  SACR  I  Murphy,  and  officers  from  the  Montgomery  and  ROCK  FERRY  ILEGE  AT  RVINE.-On  the  nieht  of  Tuesday  last  Tandy  Light  of  Brooklyn,  besides  many  WATERLOO  1  EVERTON  FAIRFIELD  '  s  -tel.  '  c STYLE=superscript  ite  .  ,  !\,.  ,  '  •  •  when  they  conquered  Hindostan,  destroyed  the  assertion  ma  •  •  .e  forced  - STYLE=superscript  to  give  it  skin  is  rubbed  off,  and  other  Rolm  sot  at  kind.  One  or  ,  .  .  s.  ,  y  appeal,  Ise  ar.  be  bruised  and  apphed  on  linen  to  the  part  n  t  e  pansh  church  of'  Irvine  was  feloniously  entered  uy  others.  •  chief  part  of  the  ancient  svritinss.  Asia*  has  pre-  utterance,  that  Poetry  claims  priority  to  Prose  !  two  leaves  must  .  .  SEA.FORTH  AIGBURTIL  5....  /  't  o  '  f  .°v  served  an  antiquated  record  of  ' STYLE=superscript  her  primitive  lan-  As  nations  advanced  in  civilisation  nnd  re-  t  *  d  •  h  '  e  wound  . STYLE=superscript  will  become  ma  rize  in  a  very  s  ort  time.  .  and  G  th  .  ~  '  thieve  h  tdi-  •  th  eh  ba  k•  d  d  ebt  h  lf  tlo'l  k  th  '  s,  wo  go  a  m  ssion  rou  s  a  c  win  ow,  an  a  sta  ou  a  -pas  oc  oc  e  immense  concourse concourselaree  laree concourselaree  quantity  of  property  carried  off.  which  numbered  several  thousands---began  to  disperse,  and  -  N  g  ,  N  .  altgnam  s  Messenger.  HOUSE  AGENTS  t  i  l STYLE=superscript  l  ll STYLE=superscript  ellr  j STYLE=superscript  guage,  the  Zend,  in  use  during  the  time  of  Zoro-  finement,  the  imaginative  faculty  became  CLOSE  OF  THE  SMITHFIELD  CATTLE  SRO  - STYLE=superscript  W.-This  exhibi-  THE  LATE  'JAMES  EWING,  'EsQ.-We  understand  that  the  the  New  York  military  returned  to  this  city,  everything  HAVING  „i,  ,  ~Ql4  .  %  aster,  and  the  fire  worshippers,  who  preceded  the  checked,'  and  Philosophy  .  took  up  her  abode  tion  closed  on  Saturday,  after  having  received  an  amount  of  will  of  this  gentleman  provides  for  his  relict  and  relations  in  having  passed  off  pleasantly.  Taking  into  consideration  the  PREMISES  T'  0  LET  OR  S  P STYLE=superscript  1(l STYLE=superscript  e  Greek  Prometheus.  It  consists  of  one  book,  the  on  the  glory-smitten  summits  of  Parnassus  public  patronage  altogether  unexampled  on  any  previous  oc-  the  most  liberal  manner  ;  and  amongst  the  princely  gifts  to  short  notice  given,  the  demonstration  was  large  and  highly  SHOULD  4  fdl  t  3(  Zendavesta,  and  is  the  earliest  naemonal  of  her  tra•  Instead  of  poets,  philosophers  became  the  casion.  Notwithstanding  the  superior  beauty  of  many  other  our  public  charities  may  he  mentioiaed  :--  L  20,000  to  the  successful.  It  should  be  borne  in  mind,  however,  that  the  ADVE-R  T  ISE  1  itti  ditions.  This  was  the  language  imprinted  upon  instructors.  of  mankinda  or,  if  poets  -  volun-  animals,  Sir  Harry  Verney's  monster  has  carried  away  Merchants'  House,  £lO,OOO  to  the  Royal  Infirmary,  and  greeting  was  but  an  impromptu  affair.  The.  arrangement  :.  4.  l STYLE=superscript  va  the  Babylonian  bricks,  but  its.  cunic  form  insciiP-  teered  •  to  teach,  their  writings  were  deeply  the  palm  of  attraction.  It  is  really  wonderful  how  the  poor  n  9,000  in  the  aggregate  to  other  charities.  In  addition  to  sometime  since  made,  was  that  the  evening  of  the  morning  IN  THE  NORTHERN  DtILY  Tl'  .- STYLE=superscript  -  k  i  f  '  4 STYLE=superscript  6:  tc  tions  are  quite  unintelligble.  About  forty  of  these  seasoned  with  true  philoSophy  _  and  exalted  senti  beast  has.borne  the  presence  of  sightseers  who  have  crowded  have  been  left  to  the  Free  Church  -  ou  which  Mr  Wtch  's  '  to  these,  X  13,00  0.  a  1  •  i  .  i  ell  arrival  was  announced,  the  civic  e  4„`  L  bricks  have  been  discovered  among,  the  ruins  of  ment.  In  this  case  the  intellectual  appetite  re-  upon  him  during  the  past  four  days.  This  animal  is  destined  North  British  Datt'y  Mi  .  and  military  serenade  and  welcome  should  take  place.  .  AT  A  CHARGE  OF  .  ~t  ..,  1  Babylon,  and  in  many  parts  of  western  Asia.  .  The  lished  .  them  ;  and  those  who  hails  welted  the  tonish  the  eood  people  of  Cheshire  havine  found  a  pure  to  as  .  THE  LATE  ACCIDENT  ON  THE  LONDON  AND  NORTH-  The  Prometheus  not  havingaigived  till  yesterday  afternoon,  es  ,  ,k  t  .  q  S  I  X  P  E  -  N  C  E  -  spcs  sc  s,  ,  characters  stamped  on  them  very  much  resemble  midnight  oil,  and  coined  their  for  the,  ,e  b STYLE=superscript  n  -.-  f  ,„1-  1  1  '  e  d  WESTERN  RAILWAY,-Mrs.  Barr  and  Mrs.  Garwick  h  h  d  '  '  •  '  easser  in  Mr.  o  n  uooper,  0.,  I  -street,  Macclesfiel  .  ,w  0  t  e  great  emonstration  will  take  place  this  evening.  A  umces-19,  SOUTH  JOHN  STREET,  LIVERPOOL  ;9  1  -  1- STYLE=superscript  -  AA  ~ STYLE=superscript  ,w  •  the  Chinese  at  first  sight,  and  some  have  consi-  universal  weal,  were  not  without  receiving  their  0.1  A  NAL  COPYRIGHT.-The  lords  commissioners  t  h  N STYLE=superscript  O  T STYLE=superscript  I:  E STYLE=superscript  it STYLE=superscript  m  N STYLE=superscript  a  j  e  T STYLE=superscript  s  l STYLE=superscript  t  O STYLE=superscript  y  '  s  treasur  have  caused  to  b  d  o  hif  bth  1  t  •d•  t  --*  were  te  su  erers  y  e  a  e  acci  en  ,  are  progreeeing  fa-  large  number  t.  f  bands  have  been  engaged;  the  military  STREET,  MANCHESTEP...  _____  .  ,,c  ,  1).4  4  1 STYLE=superscript  krE  vorably.  They  are  still  at  the  King's  Arms  Inn,  at  Hinford.  •  b  '  •  11  f  d  h  -  '  /,  o  , STYLE=superscript  i  1,,,  vr  ,  transmitte  t  promise  to  e  out  in  fu  orce  ;  -an  t  e  various  confederate  dered  that  the  Phcenician  and.  Hebrew  are  but  imi-  'need.  of  praise.  Generations  have  arisen.  to  call  the  -  commission.ers  of  c  y STYLE=superscript  ustoms  f  h  '  e STYLE=superscript  ,  or  t  e  informatioa  and  ERIOU  S  S  ACCIDENT  AT  CA.LikIS.-A  serious  calamity  has  clubs  of  '4B,  (who  held  a  meeting  in  Grand-street  hall  last  SERVANTSWANT  I  N  G  S  I  T  IT  A  T  s  ft  ks  e  r  tations.  them  blessed.  .  .  .  .  guidance  of  their  officers  at  the  several  ports  in  the  united  befallen  the  port  of  Calais.  The  Impartial  of  Boulogne  re-  evening)  and  those  of  later  date,  will  also  be  on  hand.  It  Or  4 STYLE=superscript  i  ett STYLE=superscript  tioe  Writing  was  originally  accomplished  by  engra-  The  progress  of  language  has  been  justly  com-  kingdom,  a-copy  of  a  letter  from  the  foreign-office,  and  of  a  ports  that  the  sluices  of  the  former  town  have  given  way  will,  no  doubt,  be  a  great  affair,  and  one  befitting  the  man  .  PERSONS  •  WANTING  SERVANTS,  4,  s  ii  l STYLE=superscript  l  t  S  of  sings.  Blocks  of  marble  were  first  used  ;  then  pared  to  that  of  the  individual.  In  youth  the  note'  from  the  chevalier  -Bunsen  the  Prussian  minister  at  and  caused  an  immense  destructien  of  the  works.  Partin-  whom  it  is  intended  to  honor.---New  York  Times,  Nov.  29.  should  Advertise  in  the  Ig  f  '  1 STYLE=superscript  kb  softer  materials  were  resorted  . STYLE=superscript  to,  such  as  lead  and  imagination  is  most  .  vigorous  and  predominant.  this  court,  enclosing  patterns  of'  the  stamp  to  be  hereafter  lars  are  wanting,  but  the  damage  is  estimated  at  800,000  A  „  e,  „  „  ,-,  NORTHER  N  -  D  A  I  L  Y  T  other  metallic  plates.  Lighter  and  softer  sub-  With  advancing  years  the  imaginative  faculty  affixed  to  the  works  imported  into  this  country  from  the  francs.  •  ARRIVAL  OF  THE  ALONSTER  ULIPPER  -  UREAT  iI.EPUBLIC,  CHARGE  e  ts  PITCAIRN'S  ISLAND.-The  Rev.  G.  H.  Nobbs  safe  re rely  ly rely  IN  NEW  Yoax.-This  noble  vessel  arrived  on  the  27th  ult.,  _  4  l,  4  .  , STYLE=superscript  %,,  stances  still  were  next  employed  (upon  which  im-  gradually  decreases  . STYLE=superscript  ,  whilst  'the  -  understanding  states  of  Germany,:  parties  to  the  international  copyright  .  .  .  SIXPENCE  ,  1  '  '  from  Boston  in  tow  of  the  steamtug  turned  to  his  flock  on  Pitcairn  sls  and,  on  the  15th  of  May  7 STYLE=superscript  R.  B.  Forbes.  Her  •  '  ha  -stP  4  0  T  1  Published  every  morning,  at  19,  South  Jo  pressions  were  made),  such  as  the  leaves  and  bark  expands.  We  now  conclude  that  part  of  our  suli-  con.vention  with  this  country.  last.  The  joy  of  the  inhabitants  on  seeing  their  tried  friend  appearance  in  our  waters  •has  been  most  anxiously  looked  of  certain  trees  ;  but  the  prepared  skins  of  animals  ject  which  treats  of  philosophy  and  printing,  with  The  Duke  and  Duchess  of  Saxe-Coburg  Goths  were  ore  was  exceedingly  great  ;  but  they  were  suffering  at  for  by  a  very  large  number  of  people,  especially  by  those  Liverpool,  and  9.  Princesssstreet.  Manchester.  .  were  in  universal  use  until  the  Egyptian  plant,  laced  in  eat  dan  er  on  the  3d  instant  The  duke  was  o STYLE=superscript  nee  m  a  suitable  quotation  from  the  elegant  Addison  :-  1  3 STYLE=superscript  ,  .  .  gr  g  .  .  that  time  from  the  double  calamity  of  influenza  and  a  scarcity  more  immediately  interested  in  the  proeress  of  marine  -  .  S:  1 STYLE=superscript  ilti  driving  his  consort  flora  the  palace  near  Coburg  when  •  •  I  i  i  A  papyrus,  was  adopted,  from  which  comes  the  word  Words  (observes  this  writer)  are  the  transcript  of  the  wheel  of  h  •  --  -  t  e  carriage  passed  over  a  large  stone  and  he  s'  food.  The  Admiral  most  opportunely  assisted  them  with  pro-  architecture.  Anticipation  had  been  raised  ° STYLE=superscript  to  a  high  pitch  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  9  ,  4  N  CI'S  1  )  04  (  paper.  About  700  B.  c.,  cotton  and  silk  were  sub-  those  ideas  which  are  in  the  mind  of  man.  Writ Writwas  was Writwas  thrown  out,  losing  hold  of  the  reins.  The  frightened  visions  from  the  Portland.  by  the  various  laudatory  notices  in  the  newspapers  ;  but,  Is  Published  every  Morning  in  LIVERPOOL  and  31A___y  -'4tli,  -  stituted  for  this  Egyptian  shrub,  which  was  then  a  ing  and  printing  are  the  transcript  of  words.  As  horses  ran  away  with  the  carria  d  hill  db•  ht  '  ge  own  a  ,an  ioug  GREAT  RISE  IN  THE  VALUE  •OF  DUST.-The  parish  of  St.  and  the  following  are  the  rates  and  however  sanguine  any  one.  might  have  thus  become,  none  81 STYLE=superscript  .  great  article  of  commerce  ;  but  linen.  did  not  come  the  supreme  Being  has  expressed,•and,  as  it  were,  the  vehicle  into  violent  collision  with  a  post.  The  carriage  Mary,  Islington,  is  now  reapino•  in  a  remarkable  degree  the  ould  but  feel  upon  beholding  her  that  all  and  more  than  a  c STYLE=superscript  ll  as  fully  l'sed  ;  and  her  une  ualled  size,  her  b  utiful  TERMS  OF  SUBSCRIPTION&gt;I  AI(  into  use.for  500  years  afterwards.  The  first  paper  printed  his  ideas  in  .  the  creation,  men  'express  was  completely  destroyed,  yet  the  duchess,  who  was  in  rt,  benefit  resulting  from  the  greatClemand  for  dust,  to  be  used  line:  her  By:Metrical  model,  and,  her  lone  and  ea STYLE=superscript  f  1  IN  LIVERPOOL.  OUT  OF  LI  _____sl,  VER-  A  it,  s  grase  u  manufactory  in  England  was  erected  at  Dartford,  their  ideas  in  books,  which,  by  this  great  invention  .  was  not  in  the  least  hurt.  The  duke  escaped  with  a  sprained  in  the  manufacture  of  bricks.  A  few  years  since  .  ,  20/.  a  year  '  d  -  his  . STYLE=superscript  11  f  in  the  year  1583.  MSS  were  either  rolls  or  vo-  of  latter  ages,  may  last  as  long  as  the  sun  and  foot.  •  was  paid  for  the  sweepings  and  dust  of  the  parish;  for  the  masts  an  spars,  were  eac  te  t  eme  o  warm  encomium.  Term  for  In  advance  On  Credit  In  advance.  2  .  1  ....  1 STYLE=superscript  '  0  -New  York  Herald.  lumes  of  parchments,  or  stitched'  books,  called  moon,  and  perish  only  in  the  general  wreck  of  Tun  BRAZILIAN  MAIL.-On  Friday  the  royal  mail  t  half-year  the  trustees  are  to  receive  650/  while  for  A  -,  e  ,  ,  ,  ~  ,„.„_  ,  ,  presen  .  .  ,  :  -  ~  .a.  )  Y  EEK'S  IMMIGRATION  INTO  ,EW  i  ORK.-1  Re  lot-  A  Year  4.  30  0  ~e  4  0  0  .e  3  10  0  6  the  year  commencino.  Christmas  next,  the  contractors  have  .  .  .  .  codices.  They  were  rolled  on  a  eircular  stick,  with  nature.  Books  'are  the  legacies  which  a  great  company's  steam-ship  Thames,  under  the  commend  of  lowing  list  is  said  to  show  the  whole  number  of  immi-  H  s  mgh  .  x  2  I STYLE=superscript  undertaken  to.  pay  1,500/  ,  making  2,150/.  for  the  year  a,r  ..  ii  6  .e  2  2  0  118  0  I  a  ball  at  each  end,  anck  the  composition  began  in  genius  leave§  to  mankind,  and  which  are  delivered  Captain  Strutt,  left  Southampton  with  the  customarymenthly  t  th  t  •  d  t  N  - STYLE=superscript  Y  k  d  '  •  gran  s  a  arrive  a  ew  or  unng  the  week  ending  endino•  Midsummer  next,  Which  is  applied  to  the  reduction  ,  §  the  centre.  The  outside  was  inscribed  just  .as  down  from  generation  to  generation,  as  presents  to  Brazilian  and  River  Plate  mails.  She  has  taken,  'eesides  of  th  ° STYLE=superscript  lam  rate.  e  p-  on  the  24th  Nov.  De  Witt  Clinton,  Liverpool,  550  ;  Cle-  Quarter  ..  .e  0  19  6  .el  5  0  .i'o  ig  6  .iy  books  are  now  lettered.  The  oldest  MS.  known  is  the  posterity  of  those  who  are  yet  a  general  cargo,  £8,375  in  specie,  and  seventy-seven  pas-  .  mentine,  Bremen,  160  :  Germania  (s)  Bremen,  348;  St.  po.rt  of  the  Iliad.  of  Hoincr,  found  in  Upper  Egypt.  Petite  bine,  juvenesqm.  apuesque  -  sengers,  amongst  whom  are  Sir  C.  and  Lady  Lyell,  Hon.  SUDDET  .  DEATH  AT  MANCHESTER.---Mr.  John  Philips,  Denis,  Havre,  33  ;  Advance,  Havre,  838  ;  Elise,  Bremen,  Single  Papers  3d.  I  Single  Papers  34  The  world,  doubtless,  has  sustained  great  loss  in  Finem  animo  certum,  miserisque  viatica  and  Rev.  A.  S.  Rice  and  Lady,  Chevalier  Vienna  de  Luira  only  survenng  son  of  Mr.  Alderman  Philips,  of  Manchester,  134  ;  John  G.  Costsr,  Havre,  45  ;  Hampden,  Hamburg,  Subscribers  who  do  not  pay  their  Subscriptions  within  /fed  .10  ,  the  destruction  of  many  ancient  MSS.  Besides  lON.  and  party,  Mr.  Commodore  Hull  and•  Miss  Heid.  The  .  g  while  sittin  at  breakfast  with  his  famil  on  Frida  morn-  days  after  they  become  due,  will  be  charged,  when  pa  r  ntni  ly  .  .  Y,  y  148  ;  Sea  Lion  Hamburg,  20  ;  Rhein,  Hamburg,  20  ;  •  .  \  o  p  -,  those  already  enumesated  36,000  MSS.  in  the  Basi-  (To  be  continued.)  home  rd  onion  of  the  a  ove  ing,  suddenly  fell  from  his  chair  and  expired.  Mr.  Philli  s  •  Great  Western  with  the  wa  p  b  p  Gilbert,  Belfast,  'l3  ;  Arao  Cork,  210  •  Auna  Elise  Bremen  erio  credc  price  for  all  papers  that  may  have  been  supplied  •  d  ofpayment.  mail,  is  expected  to  arrive  on  or  about  the  16ili  inst.,  and  had  recently  been  the  companion  of  Sir  R.  Potter,  on  a  tour  109  ;  Fidelia,  Liverpool,  '431  ;  Oxfor'cl,  Glasgow,'  23  ;  Con-  , STYLE=superscript  P STYLE=superscript  .  1  r  t STYLE=superscript  '  +.,„.  lican.  Library,  at-Constantinople,  were  consumed  in  -  the  next  West  India  mail  will  be  looked  for  by  the  La  in  Egypt  and  other  parts  of  the  East,  and  returndsWebre-  nelia,  Liverpool,  463  ;  St.  Louis  London,  340;  Rose  ADVERTISEMENTS.  850,  and  120,000  Greek  - STYLE=superscript  MSS.  were  also  burnt  at  A  CHEERFUL  REUNION.  --..  I  was  presenton  .  Plata  on  the  14th  or  15th  of  the  present  month.  plaimng  occasionally  of  rheumatic  pains.fre  chest,  but  Standish,  Rotterdam  178;  Florida,  London,  850;  Wm.  Advertisers  are  given  the  full  benefit  of  the  Repeal  01i7  e STYLE=superscript  15  40 STYLE=superscript  !  1  N,  the  sacking  of  the'same  city  by  the  Turks,  in  1452.  says  a  correspondent  of  the  Brighton  Herald,  the  s  gi.eat  with  this  exception  his  health  was  good,  an  e  had  dined  at  Their  announcenients  are  inserted  at  the  following  Scale  o._  .  4  1;  .  The  following  appointments  were  made  at  the  Admiralty  Thompson,  Limerick',  87  •  Maid  of  Orleans  Havre,  435;  Again,  the  stupid  old  monks,  before  the  revival  of  annual  ball  for  the  benefit  of  the  Sussex  Connt  f  y  Ho  pital,  on  Friday  :-L  - STYLE=superscript  ord  E.  H.  Kerr,.  captain,  to  the  Waterloo  ;  his  club  on.  the  previous  day,  manifesting  his  usual  cheerful  Satellite,  Havre,  194;  'Washington  (s),  'Bremen,  145.  i STYLE=superscript  s  i STYLE=superscript  s  . STYLE=superscript  stt  e STYLE=superscript  -g  i STYLE=superscript  se  s STYLE=superscript  ,  Y STYLE=superscript  •s  me STYLE=superscript  a  n STYLE=superscript  n  t STYLE=superscript  e'  s STYLE=superscript  ain  a STYLE=superscript  lti  o  '  3 STYLE=superscript  ,2  1 STYLE=superscript  :74  1 STYLE=superscript  2e5  t4. STYLE=superscript  er  e STYLE=superscript  ct  t  i STYLE=superscript  .  s STYLE=superscript  i:alt  e' STYLE=superscript  ifP  '!  l#l STYLE=superscript  '  I'  letters,  were  in  the  habit  of  selling  the  parchments  and  saw  there  gentlemen  who  had.  come  to  it  rota  a  con-  G.  F.  Burgess,  lieutenant,  to  the  Edinburgh  ;  J.  H.  Cave,  disposition  and  elasticity  of  spirits.  It  is  thought  that  he  ,  ,  fotal,  6,906.  Since  the  21st  of  October,  35,416  immigrants  not  made  on  or  before  the  10th  of  each  month.  The  f  o  lloteg  4 STYLE=superscript  siderable  distance,  and  who  had  not  many  .  acquaintances.  1 STYLE=superscript  P  died  of  some  disease  of  the  heart.  scale  of  ....  y!  ','.:•  on  which  Greek  and  Latin  works  had  been  written,  lieutenant,  to  the  Princess  Royal  ;  Lord  G.  Grosvenor,  -  '  have  landed  in  New  York.  equence  was  that  they  could  not  easily  obtain  part-  .  •  The  cous  .  .  .  to  racket  makers  and  book  binders  ;  whilst  others  lieutenant,  to  the  Boseawen  :  Albert  Dent,  mate,  to  the  TRINITY  COLLEGE  CHCRCIL  EDINBURGH.  -The  memorial,  ANOTHER  COMET.-The  Newark  (IT.  S.)  Advertiser  says  Charges  for  Single  Insertions Insertions-1,  1, Insertions-1, STYLE=superscript  '  ners  •  and  I  believe  there  were  young  ladies  of  good  family  srld  k  were  suffered  absolutely  to  rot  in  the  lumberrooms  sitt'  '  b  •  h  t  d  '  f  '  1  d'ffi  lt  b  ing  y,  wit  ou  ancing,  rom  a  simi  ar  i  cu  y  a  out  •  Boscawen  ;  N.  H.  Goold,  mate,  to  the  Boscawen  ;J.  Short.  in  favour  -of  the  restoration  of  Trinity  College  Church,  a  that•another  comet  was  discovered  on  Friday,  the  26th  ult.,  sd'  sd'  s  d  .8  -qg's(  s STYLE=superscript  6'  'A  of  monasteries.  And  as  parchment  was  expensive,  the  introduction  of  J.  Tracey,  and  P.  P.  Lusmoore,  navel  cadets,  to  the  Bos-  fine  old  Gothic  edifice,  now  threatened  with  destruction,  was  by  Mr.  Robert  Van  Arsdale,  of  that  city,  in  the  constellation  ,  .  1,2,0r3  lines  1  0  10  or  11  lines  3  0  18  or  lglines,  50  -  ,  .  4  ,  ,4  'i  a  l  4or  5  „  16120  r  13  „3620  or  21  ,  5  6  31,  :',  0  , STYLE=superscript  5  9,  they  devised  a  chemical  preparation  by-  which  they  SOCIETY  OF  ARTS.  -SAFETY  LA.MPS.-The  members  of  cawen  ;C.  R.  Robson,  lieutenant,  to  the  Cruiser  •It  C  presented  - STYLE=superscript  to  the  Edinbur  h  town  council  on  the  6th  The  '  g  .  .  of  Cassiopea,  which  is  nearly  in.  the  zenith  ;  its  approximate  60r7„2014  or  15  „  4  0  22,  23,  or  2'4,  6  (13-1,  or  COUld  obliterate  previous  writing.  In  this  way,  too,  the  society  of  arts  held  their  usual  meeting  last  night,  Mr.  H.  to  th  B  '  '••  I  d  t  d  h  S  .  aun  l  c  .  lers  i.  lava,  l  l  3,  inst  i  Tctor  .  ,  e  oseawen;  ,  the  Rev.  or  provos  oppose  t  e  proposal,  one  of  hi  ,  s  ,  grounds-being  d  .  eclination  and  riglit  ascension  at  6  o'clock  50  min.  mean  .  Bor  q  „  26160  r  17  „4  6  25,  26,  or  27,  6  6  37,  \  thonsands  of  valuable  works  have  been  lost.  Greek  Chester  in  the  chair.  Dr.  -Glover  _read  a  paper  on  a  new  un STYLE=superscript  r,  aplain  to  the  Princess  Roy  al  ,B.  F.  that  as  the  edifice  would  have  to  be  refaced,  there  was  not  tune  was  north  decl  60  dee  12  min  R  ht  „.  .  ig  ascen.  2  hours  And  Sixpence  for  every  Additional  two  lines.  I  i  ..  Ci  ment  n  s  li STYLE=superscript  Cor  e STYLE=superscript  rd  Master  to  the  Dasher:  - STYLE=superscript  f  •  •  •  •-  •  •  •  •  e  so  ,  e  ,  one  stone  o  the  old  building  which  any  inhabitant  of  Edin-  5  mm.  It  came  to  the  meridian  at  9  o'clobk  48  min,,  decl.  th  dramas,  o  - STYLE=superscript  thigh  literary  worth,  besides  three  orations  safety  lamp  for  mines,  invented  by  himself.  After  notieing  Scale  of  Prices  for  Contract  Advertisenia  s  IN  of  Cicero,  ancient  commentators,  the  writings  of  the  Clanny  lamp,  the  Davy  lamp,  and  the  improved  Clanny,  _  ,  WRECK  OF  THE  HYPERION.-EIGHT  LIVES  LOST.  -In-  burg  would  ever  see  again  ;  and  to  call  this  restoration  of'  60  deg,  Right  ascen.  2  hours  7  min.  It  is  of  a  small,  PAYABLE  IN  ADVANCE.  11  0 STYLE=superscript  44  Cl/  Toronto,  and  other  eminent  scholars,  have  been  Dr  .  .  G  .  lover  proc  .  •  the  buildine  seemed  tohim  a  ross  abuse  of  words.  eeded  to  describe  his  own  invention.  The  formation  has  been  just  received  of  the  total  and  extremely  .  0  g  It  was  round,  bright  appearance,  with  an  exceedingly  rapid  motioe,  I•2'  ale  , STYLE=superscript  •  One  Month  3  Months  6  Months  or  t  iot  i  Ed  council,  by  the  o  findine  a  fine  Greek  statue  com  letel  defaced  in  i  a  cl•  'on  r  bjection  to  the  improved  Clanny  lamp  is  that  the  glass,  sudden  loss  of  the  barque  Hyperion,  bound  from  New  Just  as.  l STYLE=superscript  0  .  .  p  .  y  a  mai  ,  .  s  pparently  opposite  to  that  of  the  sun.  After  07  26  or  78  or  156  p  ier/  C  f)  ,  .  traced  under  some  acts  of  .  a  Pap  .  _  the  ruins  of  some  anci  with  which  it  is  surrounded,  is  liable-to  fracture  from  a  York  to  Kingston  (Jamaica),  which  melancholy  event  in-  ent  city,  they  cut  an  - STYLE=superscript  eighth  off  the  en-  a-  short  observation  it  changed  its  place  very  perceptibly.  Insertions.  Insertions.  Insertions.  ..„....-•;,  1:'  A  t.  ai  kz  ,  Abbe  Mai,  and,  in  a  few  instances;  have  been  re retire  tire retire  surface,  and  brought  it  ______  __—_-  drop  -of  water  falling  on  it  when  heated.  To  remedy  this  volved  the  loss  of  eight  lives,  and  exposed  four  survivors  to  out  forsooth  as  a  Greek  statue  No  record  of  this  heavenly  ,  visitor  is  known  to  have  been  ee  s  0  t4 STYLE=superscript  •4  4 STYLE=superscript  tit  stored.  The  ancients  wrote  without  stops,  or  even  defect  asi  far  as  possible,  the  present  lamp  has  been  inven-  the  fury  and  inclemency  of  a  North  Atlantic  winter,  having  The  debate  was  adjourned.  -Edinburgh  Courant.  '  previously  made.  It  is  not  apparent  to  the  naked  eye.  .t  . STYLE=superscript  8.  d.  ..€  s.  d.  -.'s.  d.  g  1  A  1,  4  %,  Ito  3  lines  ..  12  0  215  0  415  0  1  2  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  °  ,  K  it'N',.  separation  of  woi•ds,  so  that  caligraphiets  must  ted.  Instead  of  the  single  glass  cylinder  of  the  Clanny  neither  food  or  shelter  for  fifty-seven  hours,  during  which  UNITED  SERvICE  INSTITUTION  '  WHITEHALL  -YARD.-  PHURCII  RATES.--A  deputation.,from  the  deputies  of  the  es  or  5  lines  ..  113  0  42  6  72  6  1  9  0 STYLE=superscript  ViV  ,  i  'l  have  experienced  much  difficulty  in  transcribing;  lamp,  a  double  cylinder  is  used.  The  outer  cylinder  is  a  time  the  sea  washed  over  them  in  a  continuous  stream,  and  Captain  Garnet  Man,  professor  of  ' STYLE=superscript  fortification  at  the  royal  three  denoMinations  of  Protestant  dissenters  had  an  inter  .  -  6or  7  lines  ..  25  0  60  0  11  0  :  ;.  , STYLE=superscript  7  0  11 STYLE=superscript  0  It  .  qkef  and  this  circumstance,  no  doubt,  accounts  auffi-  quarter  of  an  inch  thick,  the  inner  one  a  good  stout  gl  ass  ,  reduced  them  te  a  most  pitiable  and  exhausted  condition.  military  college,.  last  night  gave  the  first  of  a  series  of  view  with  the  Earl  of  Aberdeen  yesterday,  at  his  officialresi.  '::  ?s,oorsllo3  l STYLE=superscript  /  i STYLE=superscript  i  n STYLE=superscript  n  e STYLE=superscript  e  s STYLE=superscript  s  4  3 STYLE=superscript  :  1  8 STYLE=superscript  1  1 STYLE=superscript  1  5 STYLE=superscript  0  0 STYLE=superscript  0  2  15 STYLE=superscript  0  1 STYLE=superscript  10  5 STYLE=superscript  0  3 STYLE=superscript  4  5 STYLE=superscript  4  4 STYLE=superscript  Iv  t),  Il  l'  i  ciently  and  satisfactorily  for  the  errors  they  have  a  full  eig  .  hth  of  an  inch.  The  air  to  feed  the  flame  ent  ers  The  Hyperion,  on  the  30th  of  October,  when  in  lat.  35  lee:tires  on  ancient  fortification,  illustrated  by  dissolving'  deuce  in  Downing-street,  on  the  subject  of  the  abolition  of  14  ,  15,  orl6  lines  511  0  14  5  0  25  5  0  0  a  F  ,  ...  unwittingly  committed.  •  at  the•top  Of  both,  through  wire  gauze,  and  passed  down-  39i.N.,  long.  73  30  W.,  encountered  a  most  terrific  gale,  views.  In  reviewing  the  .  progress  of  the  art  of  fortification  church-rates.  The  deputation  consisted  of  Mr.  Apsley  Forevery  .  additi-  1  ._  0  '  7  - STYLE=superscript  yl  l  The  art  of  Printing  has  pr  o  d  uce  d  th  e  greatest  of  ward  between  them,  entering  the  inner  cylinder  through  and  about  1  p.m.  she  sprang  a  leak,  which  gained  so  rapidly,  from  the  -most  remote  periods  of  history,  the  gallant  officer  Pellatt,  M.  P.,  Mr.  Pewtress,  Mr.  J.  Rimington  Mills,  M  r  .  on_r:/  ;8  3  lines  or  '  i  t  1  2  0  2  15  0  4  la  ____.--  ,  6,  .  all  reVolutionS.  It  has  turn  e  d  th  e  wor  ld  u  pside  gauzes  The  doable  cylinder,  kept  packed  as  it  were  to-  notaithstanding  every  effort  of  Captain  Perkins  and  the  coptended  that  fortifications  might  be  regarded  as  tending  Alderman  and  Sheriff  Wire,  Mr,  Samuel  Morley,  m  r  .  B.  '  down-changed  the  mind  of  men  a  d  the  aspects  gether  by  :the  gauze,  is  thus  much  stronger  than  a  single  crew,  to  d  ccreae  it,  th  a  t  '  s  h  e  sank  before  the  boats.could  be  greatly  to  preserve  the  blessings  of  pre•  t  _  He  traced  the  Clarke,  Mr.  R.  11.  Terrell,  and  Mr.  William  Reddome.  AGE_NTS  IN  THE  COUNT  es.  ,  i  ii„  re  t  :  ,  n  .  gee'  „  No?  ea  ts  one  would  be;  and  the  double  cylinder  is  a  double  protection,  loweed,  and  eight  of  the  crew,  including  the  boatswain  and  piegress  of  the  a  r  t  !  o  ta  e  r  ude  age  wsn  he  hunter  raised  THE  SHIP  Daeiroysie.--  7  The  corpse  of  a  man,  attired  in  Ashton....  ....  Mr.  Kerrigan.  i  Preston...  ......  i?a  .  to  0  tilt  klt  of  society.  Before  the'  invention  of  printing  scarcely  one  in  it  thousand  could  nroeure  AlSS__  ..  .  as  at  either  cylinsler  be  broken  .  _  the  lamp  is  still  a  safe  lamp,  carpenter,  met  with  a  watery  _grave.  Captain  Perkins,.  the  his  .  stockade  s  to  the  improvements  made  in  subsoque_nt  periods  a  red  Guernsey  shirt,  with  a  leather  strap  attached,  a  Btrmingham..  Mr.  Cooper.  I  xi,  dii_ste...  ,11,.  The.  art  of  Printing  has  produced  the  greatest  of  all  reVolutioria.  It  has  turned  the  world  upside  down—changed  the  mind  of  men,  and  the  aspects  of  society.  Before  the  invention  of  printing  scarcely  one  in  a  thousand  could  .  procure  MSS.,  so  clearly  were  they  to  be  pur  c  h  ase  d.  The  stationarii,  or.  traffickers  in  books,  made  immense  fortunes  by  lending  them  out  to  be  read  at  ex exorbitant  orbitant exorbitant  charges,  and  not  in  volumes  either,  but  in  detatched  parts,  according  as  the  fame  of  the  author,  rendered  their  productions.  called  for.  In  those  days  learning  to  read  was  useless,  excepting  for  professional  purposes,  and  learning  to  write  was  more  useless  still.  Such  was  the  state  of  mankind  till  1450.  But  the  Printing  Press,  like  an  angel  of  light,  came  to  bless  and  illumine  the  world.  Scarcely  half-  a  century  had  elapsed  ere  schools  had  been  everywhere  established  to  read  the  printed  books:  And  by  this  means  the  intelli intelligence  gence intelligence  of  the  XVII  century  surpassed  that  of  the  XIV,  as  that  of  the  latter  surpassed  the  instinct  of  the  lower  creation.  Printing,  as  has  been  inge ingeniously  niously ingeniously  remarked,  created  a  sixth  sense,  and  raised  man  and  society  above  half  in  the  scale  of  intellect,  SOCIETY  OF  ARTS.—SAFETY  LAMPS.—The  members  of  the  society  of  arts  held  their  usual  meeting  last  night,  Mr.  H.  Chester  in  the  chair.  Dr.  Glover  read  a  paper  on  a  new  safety  lamp  for  mines,  invented  by  himself.  After  noticing  the  nanny  lamp,  the  Davy  lamp,  and  the  improved  Clanny,  Dr.  Glover  proceeded  to  describe  his  own  invention.  The  objection  to  the  improved  Clanny  lamp  is  that  the  glass,  with  which  it  is  surrounded,  is  liable  to  fracture  from  a  drop  'of  water  falling  on  it  when  heated.  To  remedy  this  defect  as  far  as  possible,  the  present  lamp  has  been  inven invented.  ted. invented.  Instead  of  the  single  glass  cylinder  of  the  Clanny  lamp,  a  double  cylinder  is  used.  The  outer  cylinder  is  a  quarter  of  an  inch  thick,  the  inner  one  a  good  stout  glass,  a  full  eighth  of  an  inch.  The  air  to  feed  the  flame  enters  at  the  top  of  both,  through  wire  gauze,  and  passed  down downward  ward downward  between  them,  entering  the  inner  cylinder  through  gauze.  The  double  cylinder,  kept  packed  as  it  were  to together  gether together  by  the  gauze,  is  thus  much  stronger  than  a  single  one  would  be,  and  the  double  cylinder  is  a  double  protection,  as  if  either  cylinder  be  broken  the  lamp  is  still  a  safe  lamp,  and  there  would  be  time  at  , STYLE=superscript  least  to  remove  the  lamp  and  replace  the  injured  cylinder,  which  could  easily  be  done,  all  the  glasses  for  the  different  lamps  being  of  the  same  gauge.  The  current  between  the  glasses  keeps  the  outer  cylinder  cool,  so  that  it  can  always  be  held  in  the  hand,  while  a  Museter  or  Clanny  gets  soon  so  hot  that  it  would  - STYLE=superscript  burn  the  flesh.  The  light  is  even  superior  to  the  Clanny-,  owing  probably  to  the  more  perfect  combustion,  the  air  entering  the  inner  cylinder  at  the  bottom.  1n  the  interior  of  the  wire  gauze  cylinder  is  placed  a  tin  cone;  the  object  of  this  is  to  force  the  air  to  enter  the  lamp  through  the  two  glass  cylinders,  and  so  to  regulate  the  supply  of  air  as  to  make  the  lamp  self-extinguishing  in  an  explosive  mixture.  The  wire  gauze  could  be  done  without,  and  a  tin  or  copper  tube  substituted  with  h  o  l  es  at  the  top,  as  in  the  Elvin  lamp  ;  but  in  practice  we  find  that  such  a  tube  gets  hot,  and  it  is  thought  that  it  is  an  advautage  to  have  the  whole  lamp  as  cool  as  possible.  Dr.  Glover  stated  that  the  lamp  was  used  in  mines,  and  had  been  approved  of  by  practicalpen.  Thethanks  of  the  society  were  vote  to  De.  Glover,  for  his  interesting  paper.  THE  BRAZILIAN  MAIL.—On  Friday  the  royal  mail  company's  steam-ship  Thames,  under  the  command  of  Captain  Strutt,  left  Southampton  with  the  customarymonthly  Brazilian  and  River  Plate  mails.  She  has  taken,  besides  a  general  cargo,  £8,375  in  specie  and  seventy-seven  pas passengers,  sengers, passengers,  amongst  whom  arc  Sir  d.  and  Lady  Lyell,  Hon.  and  Rev.  A.  S.  Rice  and  Lady,  Chevalier  Vianna  de  Luira  and  party,  Mr.  Commodore  Hull  and.  Miss  Heid.  The  Great  Western,  with  the  homeward  portion  of  the  above  mail,  is  expected  to  arrive  on  or  about  the  16th  inst.,  and  the  next  - STYLE=superscript  West  India  mail  will  be  looked  for  by  the  La  Plata  on  the  14th  or  15th  of  the  present  month.  The  following  appointments  were  made  at  the  Admiralty  on  Friday  :—Lord  E.  H.  Kerr,.  captain,  to  the  Waterloo  ;  G.  F.  Burgess,  lieutenant,  to  the  Edinburgh  ;  J.  H.  Cave,  lieutenant,  to  the  Princess  Royal  ;  Lord  G.  Grosvenor,  lieutenant,  to  the  Boscawen  :  Albert  Dent,  mate,  to  the  Boscawen  ;  N.  H.  Goold,  mate,  to  the  Boscawen  ;  J.  Short.  J.  Tracey,  and  P.  P.  Lusmoore,  navel  cadets,  to  the  Bos Boscawen  cawen Boscawen  ;  C.  R.  Robson,  lieutenant,  to  the  Cruiser  ;  R.  C.  Saunders,  naval  instructor,  to  the  Boscaweri;  the  Rev.  Charles  T.  Comber,  chaplain  to  the  Princess  Royal  ;  B.  F.  Clementson,  second  master,  to  the  Dasher.  WRECK  OF  THE  HYPERION.—EIGHT  LIVES  LOST.  —ln —lnformation  formation —lnformation  has  been  just  received  of  the  total  and  extremely  sudden  loss  of  the  barque  Hyperion,  bound  from  New  York  to  Kingston  (Jamaica),  which  melancholy  event  in involved  volved involved  the  loss  of  eight  lives,  and  exposed  four  survivors  to  the  fury  and  inclemency  of  a  North  Atlantic  winter,  having  neither  food  or  shelter  for  fifty-seven  hours,  during  which  time  the  sea  washed  over  them  in  a  continuous  stream,  and  reduced  them  tr,  a  most  pitiable  and  exhausted  condition.  The  Hyperion,  on  the  30th  of  October,  when  in  lat.  35  39'.  N.,  long.  73  30  W.,  encountered  a  most  terrific  gale,  and  about  1  p.m.  she  sprang  a  leak,  which  gained  so  rapidly,  notwithstanding  every  effort  of  Captain  Perkins  and  the  crew  to  decrease  it,  that  she  sank  before  the  boats  could  be  lowered,  and  eight  of  the  crew,  including  the  boatswain  and  carpenter,  met  with  a  watery  grave.  Captain  Perkins,  the  chief  and  second  mates,  and  one  seaman,  providentially  escaped,  by  getting  on  the  top  of  the  cook-house,  which  floated  after  the  vessel  went  down.  On  this  frail  raft  they  were  exposed  to  a  furious  gale  at  N.E.,  with  a  heavy  sea  washiag  continually  over  them,  and  neither  food  nor  water.  Fortunately  the  American  ship  Edward  Everett,  Grundy,  master,  from  Baltimore  for  London,  hove  in  sight,  and  ob observing  serving observing  the  ill-fated  mariners,  bore  down  to  their  assistance,  and  rescued  them  from  from  their  perilous  situation.  This  occurred  on  the  2d  of  November,  at  eight  a.m.  ;  conse consequently  quently consequently  fifty-seven  hours  had  elapsed  from  the  time  they  were  first  exposed  to  the  mercy  of  the  wind  ano  sea.  When  the  unfortunate  seamen  were  taken  on  board  they  were  in  a  most  exhausted  state,  from  exposure,  want  of  food,  and  an  intolerable  thirst  ;  but  by  the  kind  attention  of  Captain  Grundy  and  his  crew  they  gradually  recovered.  The  Edward  Everett  arrived  yesterday  with  the  survivors.  So  extremely  sudden  was  the  wreck  of  the  Hyperion,  that  it  is  supposed  she  either  struck  on  a  half-sunken  vessel,  or  else  started  one,  if  not  more,  of  the  butt-ends  of  the  planking.  TRINITY  COLLEGE  CHURCH,  EDINBURGH.  —The  memorial,  in  favour  of  the  restoration  of  Trinity  College  Church,  a  fine  old  Gothic  edifice,  now  threatened  with  destruction,  was  presented  - STYLE=superscript  to  the  Edinburgh  town  council  on  the  6th.  The  lord  provost  opposed  the  proposal,  one  of  his  grounds  . STYLE=superscript  being  that  as  the  edifice  would  have  to  be  refaced,  was  not  one  stone  of  the  old  building  which  any  inhabitant  of  Edin Edinburg  burg Edinburg  would  ever  see  again  ;  and  to  call  this  restoration  of  the  building  seemed  to  him  a  gross  abuse  of  words.  It  was  just  as  if  finding  a  fine  Greek  statue  completely  defaced  in  the  ruins  of  some  ancient  city,  they  cut  ameighth  off  the  en entire  tire entire  surface,  and  brought  it  out  forsooth  as  a  Greek  statue  The  debate  was  adjourned.  —Edinburgh  Couraht.  UNITED  SERVICE  INSTITUTION,'  WHITEHALL-YARD.—  Captain  Garnet  Man,  professor  of  fortification  at  the  royal  military  college,  last  night  gave  the  first  of  a  series  of  lee:ures  on  ancient  fortification,  illustrated  by  dissolving  views.  In  reviewing  the  progress  of  the  art  of  fortification  from  the  most  remote  periods  of  history,  the  gallant  officer  contended  that  fortifications  might  be  regarded  as  tending  greatly  to  preserve  the  blessings  of  peace.  He  traced  the  progress  of  the  art  to  the  rude  age  when  the  hunter  raised  his  stockade,  to  the  improvements  made  in  subsequent  periods  of  the  Assyrians,  &amp;c.—tar  the  invention  of  the  battering batteringran,  ran, batteringran,  when  the  walls  were  of  vast  height,  it  having  been  alrays  intended  that  the  •  means  of  security  should  be  adapted  to  the  means  of  defence.  To  these,  as  science  pro progressed,  gressed, progressed,  there  followed  town  walls  and  dwarf  ramparts.  At  the  present  time,  however,  the  mil.tary  art  of  attacking  fortifications  had  attained  such  perfection  that  the  stronnst  fortification  could  not  hold  out  above  a  month,  if  assailed  by  the  proper  mode  of  attack.  The  lecture  was  illustrated  by  views  of  ancient  cities,  &amp;c.,  before  the  christian  era,  such  as  Nineveh,  Platea,  Tyre,  Syracuse,  the  Great  Wall  of  China,  and  Jerusalem;  A.D.  71,  in  games,  when  be besieged  sieged besieged  by  Titus.  Some  of  the  pictures  were  very  well  executed,  but  the  lanterns  used  described  too  large  a  disc  for  the  size  of  the  theatre.  The  next  lecture  will  be  purely  anc,  solely  of  a  historical  character,  on  modern  practice  ;  and,  looking  to  the  crowded  audience  on  this  occasion,  we  have  little  doubt  the  successive  entertainments  will  be  equally  popularised,  which  is  a  desideratum  in  so  technical  and  abstruse  a  science  as  fortification  is  to  the  great  body  of  civilians,  ANOTHER  COMET.—The  Newark  (U.  S.)  Advertiser  says  that  another  cornet  was  discovered  on  Friday,  the  26th  ult.,  by  Mr.  Robert  Van  Arsdale,  of  that  city,  in  the  constellation  of  Cassiopea,  which  is  nearly  in  the  zenith  ;  its  approximate  declination  and  right  ascension  at  6  o'clock  50  min.  mean  time  was  north  decl.  60  deg.  12  min.  Right  ascen.  2  hours  5  min.  It  came  to  the  meridian  at  9  o'clock  48  min,,  decl.  60  deg,  Right  ascen.  2  hours  7  min.  It  is  of  a  small,  round,  bright  appearance,  with  an  exceedingly  rapid  motion,  in  a  direction  apparently  opposite  to  that  of  the  sun.  After  a-  short  observation  it  changed  its  place  very  perceptibly.  No  record  of  this  heavenly  visitor  is  known  to  have  been  previously  made.  It  is  not  apparent  to  the  naked  eye.  Canaan  RATES.—A  deputation,  from  the  deputies  of  the  three  denoMinations  of  Protestant  dissenters  had  an  inter interview  view interview  with  the  Earl  of  Aberdeen  yesterday,  at  his  official  resi residence  dence residence  in  Downing-street,  on  the  subject  of  the  abolition  of  church-rates.  The  deputation  consisted  of  Mr.  Apsley  Pellatt,  M.  P.  Mr.  Pew  tress,  Mr.  J.  Rimington  Mills,  Mr.  Alderman  and  Sheriff  Wire,  Mr.  Samuel  Morley,  Mr.  E.  Clarke,  Mr.  R.  H.  Terrell,  and  Mr.  William  Reddome.  THE  SHIP  DALHOUSIE.—The  corpse  of  a  man,  attired  in  a  red  Guernsey  shirt,  with  a  leather  strap  attached,  a  brown  jacket,  was  found  a  few  days  ago  on  the  shore,  near  Winchelsea.  The  body  was  in  a  state  of  decomposition,  and  was  supposed  to  have  been  one  of  the  Lascars  belonging  to  the  ill-fated  ship  Dalhousie,  which  sunk  off  Beachey  Head.  ROUGE  ET  Noln.—On  Friday  night  last  the  counting  room  attached  to  Mr.  Deans'  coach  works  and  painting  shops,  Haddirigton  was  broken  into  by  forcing  open  a  back  window.  Holes  were  neatly  cut  by  the  depredator  in  the  bottoms  of  two  drawers  of  a  writing-table,  doubtless  in  the  search  for  money,  which  happily  proved  unsuccessful.  One  of  the  drawers  contained  a  small  paper  parcel  of  ver vermillion,  million, vermillion,  which  the  thief  evide  n  tly  cu  t  th  roug  h  w  h  en  lyi  ng  under  he  table,  allowing—as  was  conjectured—the  colour  to  fall  upon  his  face  and  hands  Next  morning  the  county  police  were  informed  of  the  burglary  ;  and,  upon  their  vi visiting  siting visiting  the.  house  of  a  man  named  Campbell,  a  chimney chimneysweep,  sweep, chimneysweep,  the  grotesque  appearance  of  his  face  and  clothes,  by  this  novel  admixture  of  red  and  black,  at  once  fastened  sus suspicion  picion suspicion  upon  him.  He  was  immediately  taken  into  custody  and  is  now  in  Haddington  goal  awaiting  his  trial.  —Edin —Edinburgle  burgle —Edinburgle  Courant,  NTS  IN  T  Ur.  Kerrigan.  Mr.  Cooper.  E.  &amp;  C.  Mansell.  Mr.  Lutcliffe.  Samuel  Gardner.  Mr.  Ewan.  Richard  Pybus.  Horatio  Lawson.  Mary  Cotton.  Mr.  Horrop.  R.  &amp;  H.  Taylor.  Douglas..  Mrs.  Quiggins.  Holyhead.  H.  G.  Hughes.  Huddersfield,  Edward  Clayton.  Hyde..  George  Booth.  Macclesfield....  Mr.  Shuttleworth  Ormskirk..  William  Garside.  Prescot...  Thomas  Traverse  35  . STYLE=superscript  jire  ofy•  WilliinEKtO  °  C.  -----  •  A  ll° STYLE=superscript  :01  . STYLE=superscript  •••  •  •  S STYLE=superscript  N  s'ridk  i  e STYLE=superscript  jillP  St.  Helena..  •  •  •  •  r  ho  raa'.  aac STYLE=superscript  13 STYLE=superscript  ;.  St  W  S STYLE=superscript  ww  ° STYLE=superscript  oi  u STYLE=superscript  •  Wigan.........  o  t STYLE=superscript  i  h STYLE=superscript  Messr  s  r  j  o  in STYLE=superscript  s  sit  j STYLE=superscript  ri  t  (•l  l3 STYLE=superscript  I,t  rusaj  10.10.7J1  0  1 STYLE=superscript  O  fit  ,  1  , STYLE=superscript  in  g  5  1,01  10 STYLE=superscript  Dlrs•  I  I STYLE=superscript  Sti STYLE=superscript  vg  WiLLDI  PUBLISHING  OFFICES,  •  }  Foal  °  `  o  nrr  T.  IS  ST.  Runcorn,  Burnley....  801t0n....  800t1e.......  Barnsley.....  Chorley...  Crewe.........  Chester.....  ..  Preston  James  Lambert.  ,  o  f  Pririted  and  Published  b  3  CHARLES  WILLIV-ttiolo  Oxfbrd-street,  at  his  General  Printing  an  d STYLE=superscript  i  - STYLE=superscript  Establishment,  19,  South  John-street,  MONDAY,  DECEMBER  12,  1653'  Psn'icz:  P4_TB00016 T~"
