text
"INSTRUCTIONS  TO  COMMITTEES  The  usual  instructions  to  committees  were  read  over  b  y  the  TOWN  CLERK,  and  agreed  to  unanimously.  THE  BUSINESS  OF  THE  COUNTY  Mr.  Alderman  HEELIS  said,  after  the  meeting  which  took  place  on  the  previous  Wednesday,  it  seemed  to  him  to  be  very  desirable  that  there  should  be  some  good  mode  of  pro proceeding  ceeding proceeding  in  reference  to  the  various  matters  that  came  under  notice  of  the  committ  , STYLE=superscript  for  -  distr;-  —ces  ne  various  districts,  and  he  hastily  sketched  a  memorandum,  which  he  sent  to  the  town  clerk,  asking  him  to  give  notice  that  the  question  would  be  brought  under  the  consideration  of  the  council  that  day.  The  following  was  the  motion  of  which  he  had  given  notice  :  To  consider  and  decide  on  some  plan  by  which  the  several  district  committees  for  various  purposes,  can  be  kept  in  one  consistent  course,  so  as  to  insure,  as  far  as  practicable,  uniformity  in  But  he  intended,  as  he  believed  it  was  competent  for  him  to  do  so,  that  being  an  adjourned  quarterly  meeting,  not  topress  the  above  motion,  but  to  pre prepare  pare prepare  one  of  a  much  more  extended  nature.  It  seemed  to  him,  when  he  began  to  consider  the  matter  a  little  further,  talitl,  woe  buujeu  was  or  a  more  extenaect  character  than  at  first  sight  appeared.  Of  course  it  must  appear  to  everybody  iN  nal  4  t.tly  iDIVLL  Vt  11.&amp;  trui.  uu.6lt,  61acaV  vv  work  ;  and  that  in  all  respects  it  was  very  desirable,  at  all  events,  that  there  should  be  a  revision  of  the  duties  hitherto  performed  by  the  town-clerk,  by  the  borough  treasurer,  and  various  other  officers  of  the  corporation.  He  begged  to  move  the  following  resolution  That,  inasmuch  as  the  extension  of  the  limits  of  the  borough  appears  to  render  necessary  an  alteration  in  the  duties  of  the  various  officers  of  the  corporation,  the  general  purposes  committee  of  the  borough  be,  and  they  are  hereby  requested  and  directed  to  take  into  their  early  consideration,  and  report  to  this  council,  what  duties  ought  henceforth  to  be  performed  by  the  town-clerk,  borough  treasurer,  and  other  officers  for  the  time  being  of  the  corporation,  and  whether  it  will  be  proper  that  any,  and  if  any,  what  alteration  should  be  made  in  the  salaries  or  remuneration  of  or  to  such  town-clerk,  borough  treasurer,  and  other  officers  respectively,  and  whether  any,  and  if  any,  what  additional  officers  should  be  appointed,  and  at  what  salaries,  and  what  course  seems  desirable  to  be  adopted  fer  - STYLE=superscript  'ccirmity  of  -  tier  .  in  the  working  of  the  committees  having  similar  powers  and  duties  in  the  several  districts  of  the  Mr.  Alderman  WORRALL  seconded  the  resolution  which  was  carried  unanimously.  CHAIRMEN  AND  DEPUTY-CHAIRMEN  OF  COMMITTEES.  The  committees  were  instructed  to  report  at  the  next  meeting  of  the  council,  the  names  of  the  gentlemen  elected  chairmen  and  deputy-chairmen.  Shortly  afterwards  the  council  broke  up."
