text
"DAILY  TIMES  ;OSING  OF  THE  PRESTON  ..4Q,ZTON  MILLS.—TIVENTY  FIVE  THOUSAND  PEBSO?TS  Oar.OF-  EMPLOYMENT.  I.TEST  PARTICULARS,  FROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.]  Saturday  afternoon,.  the  vakious  mills  in  Preston,  and  ,  _  -  -..  its  vicinity,  iii  Which  the  notiees  t'  the  hands  had  exiiired;  were  closed;  and'upwards  of  15,000'  additional  persons  'are  thus  left  without  employment.  On  Friday  and  Saturday,  no  less  than  thirty-six.mills  were  closed,  and  if  we  add  the  number  closed  for  a  I STYLE=superscript  =few  weeks  previously;  ten,  we  have  a  grand,total  of  forty-six  mills  now  r  absolutely  closed,  and  in  which,  there  is  an  entire  snspension  of  manufacturing  opera operations.  tions. operations.  There  are  yet  running  four  mills,  which  are  under  nofice  to  close,  so  that  in  a  - STYLE=superscript  few  days  the  nuniber  of  mills  closed  will  be  uywarcls:of  fifty;  only  eight  mills  in  the  whole  district  continuing  operations.  The  number  of  mill  hands  at  Preston  is  estimated  at  about  30,000,  and  the  number  who  are  now  walkin  g  about  the  streets  of  Preston,  without  employment,  is  set  doNiii  at  froin  20,000  to  25,000  persons.  The  amount  of  wages  paid  weekly;  at  the  various  mills  now  closed,  is  stated  to  have  been  - STYLE=superscript  from  £12,000  to  £13,000.  The  immediate  withdrawal  of  so  large  an  amount,  must  operate  very.  injuriously  On  - STYLE=superscript  the  trade  and  generalbiisiiiess  of  the  town.  To  enable  the  large  number  of  human  beings,  who  are  now  without  employment,  to  exist,  the  committee  of  the  Operative  'Union  proposes  to  pay  them  weekly,  a  sum  of  £4,000,  and  they  allege  their  funds  are  sufficiently  strong  to  enable  them  to  continue  this  payment  for  some  weeks.  In  the  meantime  delegates  are  to  be  deputed  to  visit  all  the  principal  towns  in  the  kingdom,  to  solicit  assistance  from  the  operative  classes  of  those  towns,  to  enable  those  of  Preston  to  prolong  their  struggle  with  the  employers,  and  to  compel  them,  if  possible,  to  yield  the  10  per  cent.  on  pre prepent  pent prepent  prices.  Thus  far  we  have  indications  of  an  obstinate  and  ruinous  struggle,  rendered  less  likely  to  be  brought  to  an  amicable  or  speedy  conclusion  by  a  strong  belief  on  the  part  of  the  'hands  that  the  masters  cannot  long  afford  to  keep  their  mills  dosed,  and  a  feeling  on  the  part  of  the  masters,  amounting  almost  to  a  certainty  that  the  necessities  of  the  bands,  when  without  employment  for  a  few  weeks,  will  bring  them  to  their  senses,  and  induce  them  to  submit  not  ,  only  to  the  •terms  which  they  now  propose,  but  to  any  which  they  may  then  think  fit  to  insist  upon.  This  is  the  present  position  of  the  unfortunate  misunderstand misunderstanding  ing misunderstanding  which  has  arisen  between  the  employers  and  the  em employed  ployed employed  at  Preston,  and  until  either  party  succumb,  or  some  arrangement  is  come  to,  even  supposing  the  union  is  enabled  to  continue  the  payment  of  £4,000  per  week,  the  business  operations  of  the  town  must  suffer  to  the  extent  of  £B,OOO  per  week,  or  in  the  ratio  of  the  very  large  sum  of  £400,000  per  annum.  The  prospective  loss  of  this  sum,  and  the  difficulties  in  which  must  involve  shopkeepers  and  others,  have  necessarily  caused  a  great  deal  of  excitement  amongst  persons  in  business,  and  they  are  not  slow  to  attach  blame  to  all  parties  who  hay(  taken  any  part  in  producing  the  present  crisis.  The  genera;  feeling,  however,  seems  to  be  that  if  someslight  concessions  or  immaterial  points,  on  the  part  of  the  masters  and  men  wen  Made,  the  strike,  or  rather  as  it  is  now  called,  migh  , STYLE=superscript  be  speedily  terminated,  andbusiness  allowedto  resimae  its  Usua  course.  On  the  other  hand,  the  operative  classes,  not  alone  of  Preston,  but  of  several  towns  in  Lancashire,  Cheshire,  &amp;c.  are  favourable  to  the  'course  taken  by  the  Lock  am  have  determined  to  support  them  to  the  last.  So  far  as  the  trades  of  Preston  are  concerned,  this  was  clearly  exemplifies  n  Friday  evenin  g,  when  a  meeting  was  held  at  Farmer  -  -  -  Arms,  at  which  fifteen  trades  were  represented,  comprisin  steam-engine  makers,  boiler  makers,  mechanics,  tin-plate  workers,  stone  masons,  bricklayers,  joiners,  flaggers,  slaters  &amp;e;,'  &amp;c.  An  unanimous  resolution  come  to  was,  to  suppor  the  lock-outs  to  the  best  of  the  ability  of  the  various  trades  and  a  form  of  placard  was  drawn  up,  announcing  to  till  public  the  determination  of  various  trades  to  do  so.  Thl  following  is  a'  list  of  mills  closed,  under  notice,  and  still  a  work  :  Closed  :  Swainson  Brothers  (3  mills),  James  Naylor  Miles  Rodgett,  J.  and  R.  Walker  '  R.  Riley,  Gardner  am  Naylor,  John  Clayton,  William  Bashall,  junr.,  Horrockses  Miller,  and  Co.  (4  mills),  Paul  Catterall,  Son,  and  Co.,  T  Ainsworth,  and  Co.,  J.  and  H.  Seed,  W.  Dawson,  W  Eccles,  and  Co.  (Walton),  W.  Taylor,  and  Co.,  R.  Threlfall  Horrocks,  Jacson,  and  Co..  Humber  Brothers,  T.  and  W  Mc.  Guffog,  J.  Paley,  and  Co.,  J.  and  A.  Leigh,  D.  Ark  wright,  Swainson,  Birley,  and  Co.  '  J.  Hawkins  and  Sons  Garrington,  and  Co.,  G.  Smith,  R.  Riley,  Birley  Brothers  W.  Calvert,  and  Son  (Walton),  R.  Almond  and  Co.,  E  Edge,  and  R.  Orrell  (Lostock),  G.  Corry,  J.  and  J  llaslam,  T.  Co., STYLE=superscript  drundy,  and  C  0.,.  .W.  Shaw,  and  Co.,  W  Bashall  and  Co.  (Farington),  Rodgett  Brothers  (Walton)  Gardner  and  Welch,  H.  Dawson  (Fylde-road).'  Yet  running,  -but  under  notice  to  close  :  Sharpies  am  Wilding,  - STYLE=superscript  W.  Lancaster  and  Co.,  T.  Blackliurst  and  Co.,  1  •  •  at  work  :  Napier  and  Goodair  (one  mill,  the  othe  closed,  but  only  temporarily  for  repairs),  Hugh  Dawson  (Maudlands),  Smith  and  Slaters,  R.  Goodair,  R.  Gardner  ,  /7  \V.  Paley,  It.  Miller,  J.  Williamson,  J.  Gillow.  •  After  the  closing  of  the  mills  on  Saturday,  owing  to  ti  extreme  wetness  of  the  day,  no  demonstration  on  the  part  I  the  hands  took  place,  but  in  the  afternoon  tl  boll-man  was  sent  round,  who  announced  that  a  meeting  o  the  weaver's  would  be  held  at  the  Temperance  Ilan  at  fou  o'clock.  Should  this  morning,  however,  prove  fine,  a  monste  meeting  is  to  be  held  on  the  Marsh,  Preston.  The  amours  of  steam  power  now  idle  exceeds  2,000  horses,  and  th  dispute  is  stated  to  have  resulted  frem  a  diffefence  relativ  to  the  payment  of  £1  per  week  in  a  small  mill.  MEETING  OF  WEAVERS  •  -  A  meeting  of  the  weavers  was  held  on  Saturday  evenin,  at  four  o'clock,  in  the  Temperance  Hall,  behind  the  pari:  church.  Notwithstanding  the  extreme  wetness  of  the  afte  noon,  the  hall  was  well  filled  with  male  and  female  open  tives.—Mr.  Pryce  HUMPHREYS,  weaver;  was  called  to  tl  chair.  .  .  The  CiIIIRMSN,  in  opening  the  business,  said,  that  in  consequence  of  nine  or  ten  delegetes  having  come  over  from  Blackburn,  they  considered,  it  wisdom  to  call  that  meeting.  The  great  ane  important  question  they  had  before  them  that  evening  was  the  position  in  which  they  stood  in  Preston  at  the  present  moment.  The  question  had  been  before  them  for  a  long  time;  it  was  10  Per  Cent.—No  Surrender  —and  the  (Great  applause.)  This  was  lost  sight  of  by  the  masters.  They  wanted  to  diminish  combination  and  to  destroy  the  committee,  but  there  were  persons  on  that  committee  Who  could  weigh  their  characters  ,against  those  of  the  'Masters'  Association.  The  determination  of  that  committee  was  never  to  yield  until  they  were  completely  beaten,  and  with  their  assistance  that  would  never  be.  (A-pplause.)  Mr.  COWELL,  one  of  the  Secretaries  of  the  •Preston  Com Committee,  mittee, Committee,  referred  to  the  generous  manner  in  which  the  Black Blackburn  burn Blackburn  delegates  had  come  to  express  their  sympathy  and  strong  regard  for  the  obligations  •  they  owed  to  the  labour  cause.  He  next  adverted  to  a  meeting  called  by  a  person  named  Catterall,  and  held  in  the  Paul-street  School-room,  remarking  that  the-object  of  Catterall  was  to  malign,  under undermine,  mine, undermine,  blast,  and  scatter  to  the  winds  the  characters  of  those  who  were  taking  aprominent  part  in  the  agitation.—  (Cheers.)  —and  hand  over  the  operatives  to  the  manufacturers,  so  that  Preston  would  be  branded  as  long  as  one  brick  of  it  remain remained  ed remained  upon  another.  He  hoped  the  operatives  would  never  be  led  by  a  man  like  .Catterall,  who  now  sought  to  upset  the  committee  after  haying,  in  the  first  instance,  urged  him  (Mr:  Cowell)  and  others,  to.  go.  on  with  the  agitation  for  the  ten  per  cent.  Let  them  press  forward  orderly  and  quietly,  and  victory  was  theirs.  Blackburn  was  at  their  back,  and  not  only  the  weavers,  but  the  mechanics;  engineers,  millwrights,  joiners,  carpenters,  cabinet-makers,  and  all  other  trades,  throughout  the  kingdom.  There  was  nothing  to  fear  on  their  parts.  (Hear,  hear.)  They  talked  of  their  funds  failing;  they  had  never  failed  yet.  (Cheers.)  Subscriptions  kept  rolling  in,  and  should  the  agitation  be  carried  on  for  12  months,  he  was  satisfied  the  subscriptions  would  never  fail  ;  they  would  constantly  keep  augmenting.  There  were  plenty  of  places  they  had  'not  yet  been  to,  Bradford,  Leeds,  Bir Birmingham,  mingham, Birmingham,  Sheffield,  Liverpool,  Crewe,  and  other  places.  He  called  upon  those  present  during  the  turn-out,  to  enjoy  innocent  recreation,  to  attend  public  meetings,  and  he  hoped  the  clergy  of  every  denomination  iu  the  town  would  open  their  schools,  and  would  teach  the  male  and  female  opera-  tives  to,  reacl.  , STYLE=superscript  and  write.  Let  the  ministers,  if  they  Niot  make  themselves  useful  in  cultivating  their  intellectual  fact  ties,  in  making  men  more  moral,  making  them  better  sub subjects,  jects, subjects,  :teaching  them  to  read  and  write,  and  their  duties  mo moral,  ral, moral,  physical,  social,  and  political.  If  they  did  this,  and  minded  their  own  work,  ,  they  had  quite  sufficient  to  do.  (Cheers.)  If  they  (the  ministers)  could  do  the  operatives  any  good  in  attempting  to  negotiate  for  them,  he  should  not  object  to  their  help,  but  he  did  not  want  that  sort  of  nego negotiation  tiation negotiation  which  wanted  them  to  yield  everything,  and  throw  themselves  into  the  arms  of  the  manufacturers.  (Cheers.)  If  clergymen  could  attempt  no  better  negotiation  than  this,  he  was  satisfied  they  could  do  as  well  without  them  as  with  them.  (Cheers,)  Mr.  HODSON,  of  Blackburn  was  the  next  speaker.  They  had  come  there,  he  said,  to  speak  with  them  on  a  vast  and  important  subject.  The  crisis  upon  which  the  inhabitants  of  Preston  had  now  entered  was  big  with  importance  to  coming  i  generations.  Preston  was  not  the  only  town  inte interested  rested interested  n  this  great  subject.  (Hear,  hear.)  As  a  working  man,  he  felt  an  interest  in  their  welfare  and  in  his  own  ;  and  he  felt  also  that  ,  on  them  in  the  present  crisis  depended  the  great  question,  whether  they  should  be  slaves  or  free freemen.  men. freemen.  (Cheers.)  That  was:  the  point.  It  was  time  they  should  assert  their.  manhood.  Allow  every  man  his  opinion,  but  let  them  not  degrade  themselves  to  serfs  and  slaves,  or  be  the  sUbjects  of  any  man  living  in  the  world.  (Applause.)  The  contest  was  not  whether  they  should  have  an  advance  of  wages;  but  whether  they  ,  should  submit  to  a  future  course  of  despotic  rule  on  the  part  of  those  who  claimed  to  have  a  right  to  say  what  they  should  have  lor  their  labour,  and  that  they  had  no  right  to  say  what  they  demanded  for  it.  (Hear,  hear.)  Was  that  fair  or  honest  between  any  two  men,  place  :them  in  w.liatevex  position  in  society  they  might  ?  (No,  no.)  Was  not  the  poor  man  a  man  ?  The  rich  man  was  no  more  than  a  man.  Both  stood  equal  in  the  sight  of  Heaven,  .and  why  should  not  both  have  an  equal  say  as  to  the  manner  in  which  they  should  contract  for  their  labour,  and  the  manner  in  which  the  should  be  paid.  As  delegates  from  Blackburne,  it  was  said  they  had  no  right  to  interfere interferein  in interferein  this  matter.  Had  they  no  right  ?  Were  they  not  in  the  same  rank  of  society,  amongst  the  same  classes  ?  Had  they  not  to  do  with  masters,  and  labour,  toil,  sweat,  and  live  on  labour  ?  They  had  a  right  ;  for  if  the  operatives  of  Preston  'did  not  get  the  advance  they  sought,  the  operatives  of  Black Blackburne  burne Blackburne  must  have  the  disadvantage  of  that,  for  if  Preston:  was  not  raised  to  the  level  of  Blackburne,  Blackburne  must  come  ,wn  to  the  level  oPrekton.  .(.Applause.)  That  was  their  Isition,  and  there  needed  be  no  secret  about  the  matter.  thefdid  this  struggle  in  Preston,  they  lost'  it  roughout  the  length  and  bre4dth  of  the  manufacturing  ;tricts.  (Cheers.)  That  was  the  reason•  why  they,  in  other  mns,  were  willing  to  aid  and  help  the  operatives  of  Preston.  hit  if  they  had  no  Tight  in.  Preston,  what  right  had.  the  manufacturers  of  Prestonto  meet  those  of  Blackburne  On  the  Manchester  Exchange,  and  ask  them  to  discharge  men  from  their  employ.  (Hear,  hear.)  They  should  show  they  re respected=  spected= respected=  themselves,  and  then  they  would  be  respected  by  others.  They  must  be  firm  and  persevering.  There  was  no  necessity  for  falling  out  with  the  masters  ;  their  object  should  be  to  reason  with  them,  and  have  interviews  as  fre frequently  quently frequently  as  possible,-but  never  to  diverge  from  the  principle  of  the  full  and  entire  10  per  cent.,  and  no  surrender.  (Hear.  hear.)  That  was  the  point  to  which  the  association  had  agreed,  and  let  them  be  resolute  and  stand  to  it.  He  knew  there  were  fears  entertained  at  Preston,  and  fears  of  a  strong  and  powerful  character,  and  there  was  great  need  of  fear.  Mizell  caution  was  required  amongst  the  working  classes  of  Preston  at  the  present  crisis,  both  with  regard  to  their  con conduct  duct conduct  and  deportment  in  the  streets.  (Hear,  hear.)  Let  them  take  care  that  no  one  was  abused  or  insulted  in  the  streets.  (Hear,  hear.)  Be  calm,  deliberate,  firm,  and  deter determined,  mined, determined,  yea,  resolute.  (Cheers.)  He  then  referred  to  those  parties  who  were  in  authority  in  mills,  and  who  wielded  an  enormous  power  for  good  or  evil,  and  advised  the  operatives  to  endeavour  to  gam  the  confidence  of  those  parties.  He  praised  those'  who  gave  their  masters  good  advice,  but  de denounced  nounced denounced  these  whom  he  called  lick  spittles  that  pan pandered  dered pandered  to  the  wishes  of  the  masters.  He  next  adverted  to  the  righteousness  of  their  demand,  and  asked  what  there  was  unjust  in  it?  They  wanted  their  true  rights,  and  as  men  they  ought  to  have  them.  (Hear,  hear,)  No  man  couldsaytheir  demand  was  an  unrighteous  one.  If  they  looked  on  the  affair  in  its  religious  aspect,  they  would  find  the  individual  who  wished  to  deprive  the  labourer  of  his  hire,  was  denounced  by  God  himself  as  the  veriest  tyrant  on  earth.  (Cheers.)  The  speaker'  then  contrasted  the  position  of  the  operative  with  the  manufacturer,  remarking  that  the  former  by  dint  -  -  f  economy  and  'scraping  during  a  long  life,  was  in  some  'ery  few  cases  enabled  to  get  together  as  many  thousand  wicks  as  would  build,himself  a  cottage,  whilst  M  a  few  years,  he  manufacturer  was  enablelto  erect  'gigantic  mills,  'build  ,plendid  mansions;  and  purchase  large  estates  . STYLE=superscript  ,  and  asked  vhere  did  all  this  come  from  ?  (A  voice  :•'  From  the  work workng  ng workng  That  was  the  very  place.  It  came  out  of  thE  ihuttle's  eye,  and  ,  off  the  spindle  end.  Out  of  the  sweat  of  he  operative  had  this  abindence  come,  and  yet  they  coulC  iot  afford  to  raise-  the  wages  10  per  cent.  Were  they  tc  )elieve  their  own  senses,  or  those  mens'  silly  nonsense  ?  ['hey  would  believe  their  own  senses,  and  not  their  silly  non non;ease.  ;ease. non;ease.  (Cheers.)  He  (Mr.  Hodson)  was  glad  a  suggestion  iad  been  thrown  out  about  the  way  in  which  they.  should  spend  their  time.  Let  schools  be  opened,  and  let  both  men  and  go  there  to  learn  to  read  and  write  and  cast  .  up  accounts.  Above  all  things  they  should  study  to  get  the  capital  into  their  own  hands..  That  was  the  point.  If  they  raised  capital  within  themselves,  they  raised  power  within  themselves  ;  for  wherever  there  was  wealth,  power  was  sure  to  follow  it,  and  no  person  could  hinder  it.  (Hear,  hear.)  If  they  had  capital,  they  could  easily  say  to  the  masters  in  Preston,  if  you  do  not  give  us  ten  per  cent.  advance,  we  will  go  to  work  for  ourselves  ;  we  have  power,  and  looms  of  our  own;  we  can  work  cheaper,  and  we  will  ruu  you  out  of  the  (Cheers.)  The  floating  capital  of  the  country,  he  was  bold  to  say,  passed  once  a-year  through  the  hands  of  the  working  classes,  and  if  by  economy  and  temperance  they  could  only  scrape  together  one  sixth  of  that,  -in  six  years  they  would  have  all  the  capital  in  the  country.  (Hear,  hear.)  Drunkenness  had  been  the  cause  of  previous  failures,  and  he  asked  those  present  to  shun  drink,  to  confine  themselves  to  the  simple  necessaries  of  life.  Every  day  they  stood  firm,  their  masters  would  tremble  before  them.  AU  the  mill-owners  in  Preston  were  not  yet  rich,  and  those  were  the  firms  which  must  bend  to  their  power.  In  conculsion,  he  reminded  his  hearers  that  the  Ist  of  November  was  approaching,  and  he  trusted  they  would  return  Mr.  Goodair  to  the  council,  and  endeavour  to  have  him  elected  Mayor  for  the  ensuing  year.  Mr.  IVALTorr,  of  Blackburn,  next  addressed  the  meeting,  and  informed  them  that  the  whole  country  had  declared  that  the  operatives  of  Preston  should  not  lack  suppc  rt.  Mr.  CARNES,  also  of  Blackburn,  followed.  He  pointed  out  the  various  evils  which  arose  from  under-paid  labour,  and  warned  the  mill-owners  of  the  calamities,  which  their  conduct  would  inevitably  lead.  -  Mr.  HOUBRAY  referred  to  an  article  in  the  Preston  Citron-  icle  of  that  morning,  which  stated  that  the  whole  dispute  originated  about  a  question  of  £1  per  week  in  one  mill  in  Preston.  If  this  were  so,  it  was  a  disgrace  to  the  manufac manufacturers  turers manufacturers  of  Preston  to  lock  up  their  mills.  He  called  on  the  operatives  of  Preston  to  stand  firm,  and  he  promised  them  the  support  of  all  the  working  men  in  Lancashire,  four-pence  per  loom,  or  if  necessary,  six-pence  per  loom  would  be  given.  ,  Thanks  were  then  voted  to  the  glackbulin  Delegates.  Mr.  the  proposed  HODSON  then  _  __  _  That  this  meeting  pledges  itself  to  the  ten  per  cen  without  equivocation  until  it  be  maintained  in  the  entire  o  the  manufacturing  districts  of  this  land,  from  this  Mr.  liounnAy  seconded  the  moticn,  .which  was  unani.  mously  agreed  to.  Thanks  were  voted  to  the  chairman,  and  the  proceedings  terminated  shortly  before  seven  o'clock.  DARING  AND  EXTENSIVE  ROBBERY  LA  ST  NIGHT.  During  the  absence  from  home  of  the  family  last  night,  who  were  all  at  church,  the  residence  of  Mr.  Linton,  18,  Seymour-street,  London-road,  was  forcibly  entered,  by  one  or  more  persons,  and  wearing  apparel  and  jewellery  stolen,  amounting  in  value  to  upwards  of  £4O.  As  every  member  of  the  family,  servants  included,  were  leaving  the  house,  for  the  purpose  of  attending  divine  ser service,  vice, service,  the  precaution  was  taken  to  make  all  secure  and  the  front  door  was  locked  from  the  outside,  the  family  faking  the  key  with  them.  On  their  return,  about  half-past  eight  o'clock,  the  key  of  the  front  door  was  being  inserted,  for  the  purpose  of  unlocking  it,  when,  to  the  astonishment  of  the  family,  the  door  flew  open  with  the  slightest  push.  It  was  then  immediately  discovered,  on  an  examination  being  made,  that  the  front  door  had  been  forced  open  with  a  or  crowbar,  and  that  by  this  means  an  entrance  had  been  effected,  and  an  extensive  robbery  committed.  On  an  inspection  of  the  premises,  it  was  found  that  the  thief  or  thieves  had  ransacked  every  room  in  the  house,  and  stolen  a  large  quantity  of  wearing  apparel,  and  various  articles  of  jewellery,  including  silver  spoons,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  ;  the  value  of  the  stolen  property,  altogether,  amounting  to  between  £4O.  and  £5O.  All  the  bedrooms  in  the  house  had  been  entered,  and  the  drawers  forced  open,  and  it  was  discovered  that  the  thieves  had  taken  no  less  -than  16  pairs  of  trowsers,  several  coats  and  vests,.  besides  other  articles  of  wearing  apparel.  The  various  rooms  in  the  house  had  been  ransacked  and  were  left  in  a  very  disordered  state,  the  drawers  being  left  open,  and  several  articles,  which  it  would  appear,  the  thieves  did  not  choose  to  include  in  their  booty,  being  strewed  about  the  floors  in  all  directions.  Shortly  after  the  robbery  was  discovered  information  Was  given  to  the  police,  with  a  view  to  the  apprehension  of  the  parties,  implicated,  but  at  the  hour  of  our  going  to  press  no  clue  to  the  thieves  had  been  obtained.  This  impudent  robbery  shewi  the  great  imprudence  of  every  member  of  a  family  being  absent  from  home  at  the  same  time'.  It  is  more  than  probable  that  in  the  present  ase,  the  robbery  , STYLE=superscript  was  committed  by  some  parties  ac acquainted  quainted acquainted  with  the  family,  and  having  a  knowledge  of  the  premises  ;  and  it  is  equally  probable  that  the  thieves  were  on  the  look  out,  and  saw  the  family  leave  the  house.  Yesterday  morning,  a  female  prisoner  escaped  from  the  South  Dock  Bridewell.  SHOP  ROBBERY.—Yesterday  morning,  between  the  hours  of  one  and  two  o'clock,  the  shop  of  Mr.  Mason  grocer,  Whitechapel,  was  entered  by  means  of  false  keys  and  about  201bs.  of  tea,  and  20s.  in  copper,  stolen  there.  from.  The  thieves  got  off  with  their  booty.  The  British  and  North  American  Royal  mail  steam-ship  Niagara,  sailed  from  the  Mersey,  on  Saturday,  with  the  mails,  a  large  cargo,  and  one  hundred  and  sixty  passengers.  RAILWAY  ACCIDENT.—On  Saturday  night,  a  man  named  Owen  Owens,  in  the  employ  of  the  London  and  North  Western  Railway  Company,  was  very  seriously  injured  by  a  train  in  the  tunnel,  near  Edgehill.  His  arm  was  cut  off,  and  his  head  seriously  bruised.  Owens  was  in  a  state  of  inebriety  at  the  time.  SUDDEN  DEATH.-011  Saturday  morning,  at  a  quarter  to  .eight  o'clock,  John  Brennan,  residing  at  St.  Ann's  Buildings,  St.  Ann-street,  a  porter  in  the  employment  of  Mr.  Robert  Christie,  jun.,  merchant,  5,  Old  Hall-street,  was  obserVed  by  Thomas  IVlgicnna,  a  fellow  workman,  to  open  the  office  door  and  come  towards  the  street.  Seeing  that  there  wars  something  disordered  in  his  appearance,  M'Kenna  ran  towards  him,  and  perceived  great  quantities  of  blood  flowing  from  his  mouth  and  nose.  He  got  hold  of  him  and  set  him  down  on  the  office  steps,  but  the  man  died  before  the  surgeon  of  the  dispensary,  though  promptly  in  attendance,  arrived  on  the  spot.  An  inquest  was  held  on  Saturday,  and  a  verdict  of  •'  Died  by  the  visitation  of  was  returned.  CONCERT  HALL,  LORD  'NELSON-STREET.—MR.  BRO*NE,  M.P.—On  Saturday  evening,  Mr.  Templeto  long  known  in  the  musical  world  for  his  many  success  both  as  an  operatic  and  ballad  singer,  gave  the  first  of  t  series  of  popular  musical  entertainments  which  he  purpos  giving  in  this  town.  Mr.  Browne,  M.P.,  ever  anxious  promote  all  that  is  useful  and  beneficial  to  his  kind,  presid  on  the  occasion,  and  in  the  interval  between  the  first  and  s  cond  part  of  the  performance,  pointed  out  in  brief  but  a  propriate  remarks,  the  elevating  tenderness  of  such  reunio  which  instructed  while  they  pleased,  and  though  possess  of  merit  in  a  superior  degree,  yet  aimed  at  nothing  me  than  they  professed  . STYLE=superscript  to  be,  popular  entertainments,  and  such,  he  was  happy  to  find  they  were  deservedly  apps  ciated.  •  THE  RAILWAY  ACCIDENT  IN  IRELAND.—The  inquest  was  resumed  on  'friday  ;  and,  after  the  examination  of  several  witnesses,  was  adourned  to  this  day  (Monday),  when  it  is  supposed  the  verdict  will  be  given.  On  Saturday,  experi experiments  ments experiments  were  made  on  the  line  from  Wins  to  the  place  where  the  catastrophe  occurred.  MONE,TARY  1  ArD  COMMERCIAL  LIVERPOOL,  SATURDAY  Eve  By  the  steam-ships  Africa,.  which  arrived  in  the  ns)  river  this  .evening  we  are  in  receipt  of  advices  fes  NeW  York  to  the  .sth  inst,  The  Africa  br  illg STYLE=superscript  seventy  passengers,  and  800,000dols.  in  golds  Californian  ingots.  Her  commercial  intelligeu'  is  of  the  utmost  importance,  Under-  the  infinelled'  r  ?)  of  advices  froin  Europe,  received  by  the  Alq'  t STYLE=superscript  iig  Baltic,.  the  corn  market  was!very  animated  0  11 STYLE=superscript  ,  as*  the  week,  and  large  sales,  both_  for  exp  ol4. STYLE=superscript  speculation,  have  been  Made  at  an  advance  0 STYLE=superscript  -  f STYLE=superscript  ;„  6c.  per.  buShel  on  wheat  and  30  to  40c.  per  b  bt STYLE=superscript  Flour.  The  principal  transactions  were  - STYLE=superscript  in  w  tie STYLE=superscript  do  for  which  the  demand  .  was  more  active,  sa  u STYLE=superscript  ,  supply  more  abundant  :The  ordinary  brau.  ei  shipping  flour  were  scarce,  and  the  extra  cinsl  itl STYLE=superscript  relitively  cheaper.  Indian  ,corn_  had  particips4  6  in  the  advance,  and  the  markets  were  active.  A STYLE=superscript  ,  supplies  coming  forward  .are  reported  to  be  -  5  usually  large,  and  by  the  end  of  the  crurentin  °ll STYLE=superscript  4  increased  receipts  were  expected.  Freights  icebhi,  quoted  :  To  Liverpool,  flour  3s.  6d.  to  4s.  per  to  Grain  12  to  15d.  asked  per  bushel.  Cotton  7  - STYLE=superscript  °,,,*„,  1.4  d.  per  lb.  Heavy  goods  30s.  per  ton.  To  .  1 STYLE=superscript  -4  r  don,  flour  3s.  6d.  per  bbl.  Naval  stores  3s.  61 STYLE=superscript  1  4  bbl.  Grain  12  to  15d,  per  bushel.  Heavy  g  o° STYLE=superscript  ,;  r  35s  per  ton.  To  GlaggoW,  flour  3s.  6d.  to  4 STYLE=superscript  s•  1'  bbl.  Grain  12  to  15d.  per  pushel.  St  The  following  are  clearances  of  flour  and  Sym  e STYLE=superscript  from  New  York,,from  Sept.  26  to  Oct,  1,:  —  To  London,  bbls  1;533  To  Marseilles.:.....  To  Liverpool  To  Glasgow  To  Havre  26,000  Y2#  s STYLE=superscript  31  4 STYLE=superscript  ,  5,6441  Clearance  of  wheat  for  the  same  period  :  To  L'pool  123;000.  bush..  To  Dunkirk  26,50016P5i  To  Gl'sg'w  23,106  bush.  To  Antwerp  22,00010  To  Havre  69,042  bush.  Rye  and  barley  were  unchanged.  State  and  0  5. STYLE=superscript  tern  oats  were  quoted  at  46c,  to  48c.  per  bush  fled  flw  The  Cotton  Market  was  firm,  and,  judging.  the  reported  state  of  the  crop,  prices  must  vance.  iSt  et STYLE=superscript  The  arrivals  of  foreign  coal  were  very  mode  and  prices  were  advancing.  Liverpool  Orrel  i STYLE=superscript  selling  at  10  dols.  50c.  to  11  dols.  per  ton.  se  e STYLE=superscript  Cannel  at  8  dols.  50c.  per  ton-4  months.  The  tone  of  the  Money  Market  continues  to„  d  e  prove.  The  rates  of  money  on  call  were  the  S  as  'our  last  quotations.  The  Foreign  Exclittl  i STYLE=superscript  ,  6 STYLE=superscript  ,:4'  were  firm.  First  class  bills  on  England  60  0 STYLE=superscript  .  7 STYLE=superscript  ;1  sight,  were  done  at  1094  to  110.  Large  impor  ts STYLE=superscript  o  bullion  were  still  pouring  in  from  California.  the  arrival  of  the  Aspinwall  and  Panama  co  0  evening  of  the  4th  inst.,  the  mails  from  Califo  r/i STYLE=superscript  d  to  the  Ist  of-September,  had  been  received,  toS  ther  with  708,000d015.  in  gold.  By  this  arril  i.  l STYLE=superscript  :4  small  amount  of  gold  from  Australia  had  also  o STYLE=superscript  '4l  received  viii  Panama.  The  receipts  of  gold  dasi  t  i  r  the  Philadelphia  Mint,  for  the  month  of  SeP  te STYLE=superscript  d  ber,  were  reported  on  the  Ist  inst.  The  exposni  specie  for  the  month  amounted  to  1,244,191  dolw  o  against  2,122,000  dollars  same  month.  last  Yf,,i6  We  annex  the  comparative  result  s  o  f  the  sP`  t  io  movement  for  .the  nine  calendar  months  of  year  :  .  DEPOSITS  OF  GOLD  DUST  AT  PHILADELPHIA  31I  0 STYLE=superscript  n  . STYLE=superscript  1853.  18  57 STYLE=superscript  dul.  4,962,000  dol.  4,16  2, STYLE=superscript  0 STYLE=superscript  of  3,549,000  3,0  10,vn STYLE=superscript  0  7,  534,  000  3,89  0 STYLE=superscript  ,  1  0(  ......  —4,766,000  .3,09  1 STYLE=superscript  n  o  4,366,000  33  4,  6,v STYLE=superscript  ‘  ,  0  0(  4,544,000  .  1  6,65v  , STYLE=superscript  ,.4  3,491,000  4,200  , STYLE=superscript  5  ..„4,512,000  2 STYLE=superscript  '  676 STYLE=superscript  4  _  3,025,000  4,54/  January  February  March  April  tine  .  August  •  ,September  Total  dol.  40,049,000  dol.  ;16,6  99 STYLE=superscript  '  O  OO  Increase  quantity  t,ltis  year  .  , STYLE=superscript  ‘4O  T0ta1........:_  ---  ClOl.  40,0  91  0  6  EXPORTS  OF  SPECIE  FROII  NEW  yon,,  1853.  18  0 STYLE=superscript  7,'  d  00  0 STYLE=superscript  dols.  748,000  dols.  2,  6 STYLE=superscript  °,10  0 STYLE=superscript  1,121,000  3,  61  66 STYLE=superscript  ;  ,-  00  0 STYLE=superscript  0(  )  ..592,000  200,9  0  0  767,000  1,8  35,un  ‘),169,000  3,  556,0  1 STYLE=superscript  f,  3,264,000  2,  971 STYLE=superscript  :  0  00  .3,901,000  1,184,030  .1,344,000  2,122  January  February  March  April  May  August  September  Total  9  months,  (lois.  14,983,000  d015.20,  66 STYLE=superscript  '  l STYLE=superscript  Decreased  export  1853,  5,670,000  dots.  20,653,000  In  the  official  return  just  issued  of  thettol  ie`  ieO  t  Bank  Notes  authorized  to  be  issued  by  the  ,  0  11  11 STYLE=superscript  t  Banks  of  issue  in  Scotland,  and  the  average  IL STYLE=superscript  :0  °`  of  Bank  Notes  in  circulation,  and  the  ow  tile  coin  held  far  the  four  weeks  ending  Saturd%:,  Ist  of  October,  we  find  the  following  re  51 STYLE=superscript  1,,  Circulation  authorized  by  certificate,  - STYLE=superscript  13,  06 STYLE=superscript  1';t  0 STYLE=superscript  average  circulation,  13,833,226;  average  ani  ° STYLE=superscript  7ol§  coin  held,  11,183,523  ;  amount  of  notes  ia  q  o  te,  tion  above  the  amount  authorized  by  cert  i STYLE=superscript  •  £767,016  .  Sar  The  news  from  India,  which  appeared  in  asit  plement  to  the  NORTH  ERN  .  DAILY  TIMES  of  te  i  d  and  which  was  delivered  to  our  readers  mallY'W,  in  anticipation  of  the  London  papers,  is  u  l STYLE=superscript  ,lo  l STYLE=superscript  `  satisfactory.  The  advices  brought  by  th  is STYLE=superscript  0  0  fully  confirm  the  Commercial  information  g  ive STYLE=superscript  ,  our  Supplement.  The  markets  were  fi  r  m  , STYLE=superscript  ilt  o  fil  standing  the  unsettled  state  of  things  in  0  0 STYLE=superscript  parts  of  our  Indian  possessions.  Enchang,  el  Enland  varied  during  the  month  from  2s.  hi.  Rupee,  for  first-class  paper  at  60  days'  sigl  i STYLE=superscript  or  2s.  15-16  d.  at  25..1d.  per  Rupee.  Cotton  was  h  it)  er,  owing  to  a  decline  in  the  rates  of  freight,  W'  Was  last.quoted  at•X2  15  to  £2  17s.  6d.  Our  commercial  intelligence  from  Australial  day-  was  also  important,  and  as  it  was  deriveci,o  td  private  correspondents,  we  were  not  compely  glean  our  matter  from  the  columns  of  the  bourne  Argus,  or  any  other  colonial  paper  , STYLE=superscript  g STYLE=superscript  i)ol  4 STYLE=superscript  ,  find  our  London  contemporaries  were.  Oilfae?  Philip  and  Sydney  correspondents  hold  the  lilt,  commercial  .  positions,  and  their  advices  Jo  i STYLE=superscript  V  Strictly  relied  on.  We  subjoin  account  of  the  Assets  an  d STYLE=superscript  r  e:  bilities  of  the  Preston  Banking  Company,  a  t STYLE=superscript  d  i  e/  ton,  on  Saturday  the  Bth  of  October,  1853;  as  appear  in  the  London  Gazette  :  (Incorporated  by  Royal  Charter.)  ASSETS.  ,4201/111.  Bills  of  Exchang,  Bank  Premises  Preli Preliminaries  minaries Preliminaries  Expenses,  Loans,  &amp;c.,  Cash  in  Bank,  and  Deposits  in  other  Banking  Establishments.  465,6'2'2  2  £465,622_,!,./  X.  •s STYLE=superscript  i  j  13 STYLE=superscript  F4  1:0 STYLE=superscript  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  1  065083 STYLE=superscript  &gt;1  i64 STYLE=superscript  £465,62  2 STYLE=superscript  HENRY  GAEAVES,  Manag  cl STYLE=superscript  ;  ll  ,lf  For  the  state  of  the  London  and  Liverpo°  l STYLE=superscript  oi  kets  we  must  refer  to  our  ordinary  reports  , STYLE=superscript  will  be  found  in  another  column.  .  LIABILITIES  Capital  Stock  Deposits  and  other  liabilities  Undivided  profits  London,  778.  9d.  ;  Paris,  —;  Hamburgh  '  sterdain;  —;  Vienna,  '  --;  St.  Petersburg,-  - STYLE=superscript  „;:,o4r,  lin,  —;  Milan,  •  Constantinople,  •  Ativ'  ;  Bombay,  ;  Calcutta,  ;  Hong  ' STYLE=superscript  Kor  i STYLE=superscript  t  ifi  e  lf  Sydney,  745.  9d.  to  —B.  ;  Port  Phillip,  775.  3d;  /  •  Victoria,  775.  6d.  ;  Ovens,  765.  6d.;  Montrea  l, STYLE=superscript  /  New  'York,  —;  Boston,  £3  17s.  9d.;  San  F  rt/ STYLE=superscript  o  f  ;  Mexico,  —;  Brazils,  —.  We  subjoin  a  return  of  the  Foreign  Do  - STYLE=superscript  v  ic  e  calculated,  according  to  the  London  Mint  P  £:3  17s.  10id.  the  .ounce  A  ....msterdam,  short,  11  16  to  17  ;  do,  3  mc  to  19  ;  Rotterdam,  3  m.  11  1  n  to  191  ;  4  1  3m.  25  35  to  40  ;  Brussels,  3  m.  25  35  to  /5  41  Hamburg,  3m.  13  61  to  71;  Paris,  short,  /5;  10  ;  do,  3  m.  25  35  to  40  ;  Marseilles,  3  11 STYLE=superscript  „  1 STYLE=superscript  „.,'  .  l'  to  423;  Frankfort,  3  m.  1201  to  1203;  Vienna,  °'&#34;,.11,  to  19  ;  Trieste,  3m.  11  18  to  11  22  ;  Petersblto,  to  371;  Madrid,  3  m.  49  1 STYLE=superscript  1  to  50  ;  Cadiz,  3  to.  f  ko  `,//  Leghorn,  3  m.  30  10  to  30  20  ;  Genoa,  3m.  25  40  '  to  1  Naples,  3  m.  41i  to  42;  Palermo,  3  m.  12 STYLE=superscript  ,1!  .0  1  4  Messina,  3  m.  1244  to  125  ;  Lisbon,  3  in.  to  0 STYLE=superscript  10;  3  m.  534  to  531-  ;  R.  Janeiro,  60  days,  28  to  AY  ..:  ,  York,  ditto,  1091  to  110  ;  Boston,  ditto,  to  -  - STYLE=superscript  A  '  :  ,r  ot  yd  Gold  in  bars,  £3  17s.  9d.  ;  Mexican  Dollars,  Os..t  '  P  o  ri  in  bars  stand,  Os.  Od.  ;  East  India  Company's  13 STYLE=superscript  ,2  11 STYLE=superscript  ,'d0.  6 STYLE=superscript  0  j,i  Bills  60  ds  ;  Calcutta  Co's  Rupee,  2s.  44d.  ;  130  110 STYLE=superscript  ,;.'  5  5 STYLE=superscript  .  0  iiit  . STYLE=superscript  2s.  15-16ths,  ;  Madras  do.,  2s.  44d  ;  Hong  IC  °l/ STYLE=superscript  4J$.  i)''  ss.  104  d.  ;  Sydney,  30  ds.  4  dis.,  1  pr.  ;  Adelaide,,'„wa,  N  O;  1  pr.;  Launceston,  30  ds.,  1  dis.  1  pr.  ;  Hobartl':  Oec  1 STYLE=superscript  1  dis.  1  pr.  ;  Wellington,  &amp;c.,  15  ds.,  1  dis.,  2  P  r STYLE=superscript  '  'lO.  15  ds.,  4  dis.,  i  pr.;  Alexandria,  991;  Shaligh  tle STYLE=superscript  '  7s.  ld.;  Canton,  --  7  to  -....  P2_TB00204 I STYLE=superscript  ta]  ,ar  n  thti"
