text
"may  induce  the  SULTAN,  who,  in'declaring  war  with  Russia,  has  acted  against  the  counsel  of  his  allies,  to  abandon  his  decision  THE  returns  of  the  Trade  and  Navigation  of  the  United  Kingdom,  for  the  month  ending  the  sth  of  September,  were  issued  yesterday,  from  the  Board  of  Trade  ;  and  as  we  stated  on  Thursday,  they  shew,  notwithstanding  the  existence  of  several  de depressing  pressing depressing  influences,  a  gratifying  increase  in  the  Home  and  Foreign  Trade  of  the  country.  The  exports  of  our  domestic  produce  and  manu manufactures  factures manufactures  have  materially  increased,•not  so  much,  perhaps,  upon  a  comparison  with  those  of  the  pre previous  vious previous  month  as  with  those  of  the  month  of  July.  They  amounted,  in  September,  to  the  value  of  £8,297,086.  In  August,  the  value  was  .R  7,995,086,  being  an  increase  of  £302,000  ;  but  the  increase  over  the  preceeding  month  of  July,  is  no  less  than  £1,524,353.  The  following  table,  however,  will  clearly  shew  the  progress  we  have  made  in  the  pre present  sent present  year  January  February  6,28  1  )841  March  602,649  Apri1.....,  May...  7,578,910  June  ...  ...  July  ...  August'  7,995,086  September  In  September,  therefore,  the  value  of  our  exports  was  greater  than  in  any  of  the  preceding  months  of  the  year.  Compared  with  the  corresponding  months  of  1851  and  1852,  the  account  stands  thus—  '  Increase  in  1853.  1851.  .  .  £6,645,928  .  .  £1,651,158  1852.  .  .  6,870,586  .  .  1,426,500  1853.  .  .  8,297,086  But  upon  the  eight  months,  ending  September  5,  of  the  three  years,  the  comparison  is  still  more  in  favour  of  1853  Value  of  exports.  Increase  in  1853.  1851.  .  ,  £47,157,984  .  £11,000,745  1852.  .  .  47,008,140  .  .  •11,149,583  1853.  .  .  58,159,729  The  principle  articles  in  which  the  increase  has  taken  place  are,  cotton  manufactures,  earthen earthenware,  ware, earthenware,  beer  and  ale,  glass,  linen  manufactures,  machinery,  metals  and  various  descriptions  of  silk  manufactures.  In  the  articles  upon  which  there  has  been  a  decrease,  it  does  not  appear  that  labour  has  largely  entered.  As  to  the  import  trade  for  the  month,  there  have  been  increased  supplies  of  some  de descriptions  scriptions descriptions  of  cattle,  a  diminution  of  corn  of  nearly  all  kinds,  and  also  of  sugar,  and  several  other  articles.  In  tea  there  have  been  increased  im imports,  ports, imports,  in  the  eight  months  over  the  corresponding  period  of  1852,  but  a  considerable  diminution  com compared  pared compared  with  the  same  period  in  1851.  The  quan quantities  tities quantities  of  all  articles  entered  for  home  consumption  generally,  show  an  increase.  The  exports  of  foreign  and  colonial  merchandise  from  the  United  Kingdom,  shew  that  there  has  been  an  active  trade,  both  upon  the  month,  and  upon  the  eight  months.  The  navigation  returns  shew  that  there  has  been  a  profitable  foreign  trade.  By  the  absolute  decrease  which  has  taken  place  in  the  coasting  trade  of  the  United  Kingdom,  a  subject  which  is  just  now  exciting  much  attention,  particularly  in  the  coal  ports  of  the  north.  In  the  month  ending  September  5,  of  the  present  and  the  two  preceding  years,  the  coasting  vessels  entered  inwards,  with  their  tonnage  were—  Vessels.  Tonnage.  1851.  .  .  .  11,890  ..  .  .  1,149,311'  1852.  .  .  .  11,242  .  .  .  1,043,980  1853.  .  .  .  11,287  .  .  .  1,061,433  For  the  eight  previous  months  in  the  same  years,  the  entries  inwards  were—  1851  1852  1853  Vessels  Tonnage.  90,627  .  .  .  8,337,207  89,403  .  .  .  8,378,310  90,988  .  .  .  8,687,821  The  clearances  outwards  in  the  month  ending  September  5,  were  in—  Vessels.  Tonnage.  1851  1852  1853  For  the  eight  months  the  clearances  were—  Vessels.  Tonnage.  1851  1852  1853  These  figures  tell  their  own  tale.  The  superior  profits  of  the  foreign  trade  have  led  the  owners  of  coasters  to  accept  freights  to  foreign  ports.  The  interest  attaching  at  this  moment  to  infor information  mation information  relating  to  the  supply  of  grain  and  its  sources,  have  induced  the  Board  of  Trade  to  an announce  nounce announce  that  in  the  next  monthly  accounts  there  will  be  given  a  statement  of  the  importations  during  the  nine  months  of  the  present  year,  in  which  the  countries  from  which  the  quantities  are  received  will  be  designated.  The  importance  of  this  infor information,  mation, information,  under  present  circumstances,  cannot  be  exaggerated.  It  is  only  to  be  regretted  that  it  is  not  at  once  published,  for  the  eight  months  already  expired.  But  in  the  mean  time  a  statement  is  given  of  the  quantities  of  the  several  kinds  of  grain  and  meal  imported  in  the  year  1852.  We  trans transcribe  cribe transcribe  the  totals.  GRAIN  Wheat  3,060,268  qrs.  Barley  .625,540  Oats  989,287  Rye  Beans  and  peas  •  477,306  Indian  corn  Buck  Wheat  8,084  Total..  ...  6,641,729  qrs  Wheat  Barley  212  „  Oats  Rye  Pea  and  Bean  .  .  .  Indian  Corn  Buck  Wheat  Total  3,866,7]  9  cwts  This  table  indicates  very  clearly  the  most  impor important  tant important  sources  of  our  supplies.  We  have  not  space  for  all  the  details,  but  the  single  article  of  wheat  will  show  how  important  are  some  of  those  points  to  which,  from  other  circumstances,  public  atten  tion  is  now  so  anxiously  directed.  We  drew,  in  1852,  from  the  Russian  ports  within  the  Black  Sea,  706,622  qrs.,  from  Prussia  451,938  qrs.,  from  France  207,751  qrs.,  from  Wallachia  and  Moldavia  86,139  qrs.,  from  Egypt  392,746  qrs.,  and  from  the  United  States  483,569  qrs.  From  the  Russian  ports  con consequently  sequently consequently  we  drew  by  far  the  greatest  portion  of  our  supplies.  It  has  been  frequently  stated  that  the  granaries  in  those  ports  are  now  overflowing,  but  from  the  local  and  political  causes  their  re redundancies  dundancies redundancies  cannot  be  applied  to  our  necessities.  The  criminal  folly  of  continuing  such  a  state  of  things,  whoever  is  responsible  for  it,  could  not  re receive  ceive receive  a  more  practical  condemnation.  THERE  is  nothing  within  the  range  of  thought  more  curious  to  contemplate,  than  the  periodical  fluctuations  in  Money  matters,  and  the  price  of  living  in  this  commercial  country.  :If  they  shew  on  the  one  hand.  how  far  speculative  mania  and  panic  may  go  in  some  epidemic  crisis,  so,  on  the  other  hand,  it  is  seen  with  what  elasticity  and  re redeeming  deeming redeeming  power,  a  country  of  Saxons  and  Celts,  en engaged  gaged engaged  in  commerce,  can  recover  itself  and  change  the  whol-e  aspect  in  the  relations  of  capital.  This  has  been  rrepeatetlly  witnessed  in  Britain  and  America.  The  term  bringing  ruin  on  the  country  by  is  but  relative,  and  has  respect  to  credit  rather  than  to  capital.  In  the  darkest  hour  that  has  lowered  Over  Britain  in  Modern  days,  and  when  many  went  to  Bologne  and  the  Bankrupcy  Courts,  there  *as  plenty  of  capital  in  the  country  for  all  legitimate  purposes.  What  are  called  re revulsions  vulsions revulsions  in  the  course  of  trade,  are  tornadoes  in  the  world  of  fancy  rather  than  iii  the  world  of  matter.  England,  as  a  nation,  is  rich  or  poor  just  as  she  fancies  herself  to  be.  Hazardous  adventures  and  wild  speculations,  even  when  they  become  a  popular  passion,  and  are  all  preVarent;  do  but  little  harm  to  'capital,  other  than  to  change  it  from  tone  person  to  another;  while  the  panic  is  brought  on  by  credit  being  shaken,  confidence  lost—but  not  capital.  The  moment  the  disease  is  cured,  and  crazed  men  return  to  a  sane  mind,  the  keys  of  the  money-box  are  turned  )  and  capital  pours  out  in  streaming  abundance  for  all  the  rational  pursuits  of  business.  But  we  have  just  now  hit  upon  a  time  of  extra extravagant  vagant extravagant  prices  for  food,  and  a  high  rate  of  interest  on  money,  without  being  caused  by  any  extraor extraordinary  dinary extraordinary  speculations.  The  artizans  and  labourers  in  the  manufacturing  towns  have  had  full  employ  for  the  three  years  last  past.  The  foreign  demand  for  goods  has  been  great.  Trade  and  commerce,  throughout  all  their  ramifications,  have  been  health healthful  ful healthful  and  prosperous.  Such  has  been  the  demand  for  labour,  that  more  than  140,000  able-bodied  pau paupers  pers paupers  have  been  cut  loose  from  the  unions  and  poor-houses  to  supply  the  needful.  Add  to  these,  that  bullion  from  the  gold-fields  of  California  and  Australia  has  proved  to  be  no  chimera—it  has  turned  out  a  telling  reality,  manifesting  itself  by  ship-loads  in  the  ports  of  England  and  America,  and  generating  a  new  era  in  the  history  of  com commerce.  merce. commerce.  Amidst  all  this  active  bustle  of  ships  and  mills,  wheels  and  spindles,  pistons  and  springs,  saws  and  hammers,  at  home,  and  the  influx  of  gold  from  abroad,  the  Bank  of  England  has  raised  its  rate  of  interest  to  five  per  cent.  whilst  the  stocks  are  depressed.  But  from  this  we  are  not  to  infer  any  want  of  capital.  Both  the  high  price  of  food  and  the  high  rate  of  interest  on  money  are  super superinduced  induced superinduced  by  the  war-panic  in  the  East.  The  fooleries  of  NICHOLAS,  the  Autocrat,  have  for  a  long  time  been  inflicting  serious  evils  on  Europe.  They  have  compelled  Turkey  to  raise  and  maintain  an  armament  far  beyond  the  national  means.  They  have  kept  Westerh  Europe  in  a  ferment,  led  to  deep  speculations  in  the  corn-market,  and  are  the  chief  cause  of  the  fluctuation  in  the  money  market,  and  the  high  price  of  food.  But  when  the  CZAR  and  the  SULTAN  shall  come  to  their  senses,  and  patch  up  those  little  bickerings  about  the  Greek  Christians,  this  artificial  state  of  things  will  be  over,  and  the  Money-Market  will  be  more  redundant  than  ever.  Everything  is  tending  in  a  direction  to  produce  striking  changes  in  the  relations  of  capital.  With  an  increasing  trade  and  revenue,  despite  the  reductions  of  duties  to  more  than  £12,000,000  per  annum—with  bullion  in  bank  to  a  larger  amount  than  was  ever  before  known,  and  with  the  certainty  of  an  increasing  golden  harvest  from  abroad,  we  may  foresee  an  approach approaching  ing approaching  state  of  affairs,  which  must  awaken  the  best  energies  of  mankind,  and  which,  if  wisely  watched,  may  give  an  impulse  to  the  . STYLE=superscript  spread  of  civilisation  such  as  has  never  been  witnessed  at  any  former  epoch.  The  mines  of  Australia  have  given  a  mighty  impetus  to  emigration  in  that  direction;  and  the  reflex  action  of  that  movement  on  all  other  parts  of  the  world,  is  manifesting  itself  with  daily  and  increasing  force.  Over  the  whole  civilized  world,  not  excepting  staid  and  inert  China,  the  stir  is  distinctly  felt  ;  and  the  awakening  life,  thus  mani manifesting  festing manifesting  itself  at  the  extremities  of  the  commercial  system,  is  sent  to  and  back  from  England,  the  centre,  with  a  more  powerful  pulsation.  Under  all  these  circumstances,  the  moment  the  war-flurry  is  blown  over,  money  in  London  will  be  at  a  lower  rate  than  at  any  former  period  in  the  memory  of  man  ;  and  as  far  as  we  can  see,  nothing  is  to  inter intervene  vene intervene  to  disturb  the  tendency  towards  accumulation.  Step  by  step  with  this  tendency,  the  rate  of  interest  in  this  country  must  decline  ;  and  the  question  is,  what  new  avenues  are  there  open  for  safe  invest investments  ments investments  to  be  made,  where  a  return  for  the  use  of  the  money  would  be  satisfactory?  We  could  name  many,  both  to  East  and  West  of  us  ;  but  we  name  one  to  the  South,  which  should  no  longer  be  over overlooked.  looked. overlooked.  Go  to  the  River  Plate,  which,  with  its  tributaries,  Parana  and  Uruguay,  penetrate  3,000  miles  into  the  interior,  rich  in  soil,  mild  in  climate,  and  abounding  in  products  and  mineral  wealth.  There  are  canals  to  be  opened  ;  rails  .to  be  laid  down;  steamers  to  be  built  ;  coals  and  minerals  to  be  dug  out  of  the  earth;  piers,  harbours,  and  docks  to  be  constructed  ;  cities  and  towns  to  be  founded  and  built  up  ;  and  other  enterprising  occupations  to  be  essayed,  such  as  a  neglected  beautiful  country  needs,  and  such  as  will  astonish  the  imbecile  natives.  Companies  and  associations,  now  formed  in  England,  may  clothe  themselves  with  great  wealth,  by  operating  upon  South  America,  in  like  manner  as  the  East  India  Company  rolled  up  gold  by  its  operations  in  Hindostan.  In  many  respects  the  two  countries  are  not  dissimilar;  but  in  one  particular  they  essentially  differ.  Instead  of  having  to  fight  pagan  tribes,  for  elbowroom,  as  formerly  in  the  East,  English  associations  to  improve  the  country  would  be  hailed  as  a  boon  by  the  new  republics  of  South  America.  Go  forth  ye  capitalists  !  and  test  our  assurance.  The  salt  water  baths  at  the  George's  Pier  Head  are  now  made  tepid.  FURTHER  MORTALITY  AMONGST  THE  PASSENGERS  EY  THE  ISAAC  WRIGHT.—Since  Thursday  night,  up  to  which  our  last  report  reached,  five  more  of  the  passengers  by.  this  vessel  have  died  in  the  workhouse,  of  cholera.  One  was  a  woman,  and  the  remaining  four  were  men.  FATAL  ACCIDENTS.—Garrett  Neale,  who  arrived  from  Ireland  at  midnight  on  Thursday  by  the  steamer  Van Vanguard,  guard, Vanguard,  whilst  walking  on  the  dock  quay  near  the  pierhead,  fell  into  the  Clarence  Basin  and  was  drowned,  The  passen passengers  gers passengers  were  landed  on  the  Salisbury  Pier.  An  inquest  will  be  held'on  his  body  this  day.  THE  NEW  STRANGE  CIRCUMSTANCE,  AND  IF  TRUE,  A  PAINFUL  ONE.—The  following  strange  par particulars  ticulars particulars  have  been  communicated  to  us  by  a  gentleman  who  heard  them  from  a  friend,  a  passenger  by  this  vessel,  recently  arrived  from  New  York.  He  assures  us  that  the  gentleman,  who  communicated  them  to  him,  is,  in  the  highest  degree,  trustworthy,  and  that,  had  he  not  to  start  immediately  for  Dublin,  he  would  have  called  at  our  office  himself  and  narrated  them  to  us.  We  cannot,  therefore,  pledge  our ourselves  selves ourselves  for  their  truth;  but,  under  any  circumstances,  we  think  that  an  investigation  into  the  matter  is  called  for  :  The  gentleman  states  that  after  being  out  from  New  York  for  some  days,  two  of  the  crew  flung  themselves  overboard,  preferring  rather  to  terminate  their  sufferings  in  a  watery  grave,  than  endure  any  longer  the  ill-treatment  which  they  experienced  at  the  hands  of  some  of  the  officers  on  board.  He  further  says,  that  one  of  the  men  was  an  Irishman,  who  either  shipped  at  New  York  as  cook,  or  stowed  himself  away  ;  and  being  compelled  to  work,  and  not  able  to  ascend  the  rigging,  the  officers  used  to  set  a  hugh  dog  to  worry  him.  Frequently  was  he  bitten,  and  his  flesh  torn  away  by  this  brute,  until  he  was  finally  driven  to  commit  the  fatal  act  of  self-destruction.  The  other  was  an  American,  and  before  taking  the  final  plunge,  he  stood  on  the  bowsprit,  and  waving  his  hat,  bade  to  his  messmates.---This  is  the  story,  and  as  we  have  heard  it,  so  have  we  told  it."
