text
"SPAIN.  MADRID,  OCT.  10,  To-day  is  the  Queen's  birthday,  her  Majesty  having  attained  her  23d  year,  There  is  no  levee  on  account  of  the  advanced  state  of  her  pregnancy:  The  bands  of  the  regiments  in  garrison  gave  a  se serenade  renade serenade  before  the  palace  last  evening,  and  today  there  was  a  grand  parade  of  the  garrison  ,on  the  Prado,  who  were  reviewed  by  the  Captain-General.  Various  decrees  and  royal  orders  are  published  to-day,  the  most  important  of  which  are  respecting  the  navy.  .The  first  of  the  latter,  is  a  project  of  law  fixing  the  number  and  classification  of  the  Spanish  navy;  and  authorising  the  Minister  of  Ma Marine  rine Marine  to  act  upon  it  as  far  as  the  means  at  his  dis disposal,  posal, disposal,  according  to  the  last  budget,  will  permit;  the  measure  to  be  submitted  to  the  Cortes.  The  first  and  main  article  is  as  follows  :--  The  royal  navy  shall  consist  for  the  present  of  ninety  vessels,  from  a  schooner  to  a  line  of  battle  ship,  and  from  a  steamer  of  00  to  one  of  600  horse  power.  It  shall  be  com composed  posed composed  of  sailing  vessels,  steamers,  and  mixed  vessels,  in  the  following  forms  Saline-of-battle  ships  of  80  to  90  guns,  with  400  to  600  horse  power.  frigates  of  30  to  50  ditto,  with  300  to  400  ditto.  Twelve  corvettes  of  20  to  30  ditto,  with  200  to  300  ditto.  Fourteen  brigs  and  schooners,  of  6  to  20  ditto,  with  up  to  200  ditto.  Six  paddle  steamers  of  war,  and  four  moils  of  400  to  500  ditto,  Eight  ditto  of  war  an  d  t  ransa  tl  ant  i  c  o  f  300  to  400  di  tto.  '  Twelve  ditto  guards  costas,  of  100  to  200  ditto.  Twelve  ditto  to  navigate  in  shallow  waters  of  up  to  100  Eight  areas  or  transport  The  other  articles  provide  that  the  existing  ships,  from  those  of  the  line  to  corvettes  inchisive,  shall  enter  into  the  above  number,  and  also  those  which  are  advanced  in  construction  only  until  they  can  be  ericloWed  with  suitable  engines,  or,  if  not,  they  are  to  be  substituted  by  mixed  vessels  on  the  termination  of  their  natural  There  is  -al -alway§  way§ -alway§  to  be  . STYLE=superscript  in  the  arsenals  materials  to  replace  at  least  a  fourth  part  of  the  armed  vessels.  Those  that  have  to  be  purchased  are  to  be  bought  by  public  auction.  _A  special  law  of  the  Cortes  is  requisite  for  constructing  or  purchasing  vessels  abroad,.  but.  not-  for  purchasing  machinery  while  the  national  manufactories  are  unable  to  provide.  them.  •  •  It  is  stated  in  a  royal  order  which  follows  the  above,  that  .  the  Queen,  desiring  to  solemnize  her  birth-day  in  a  manner  useful  to  the  estates  which  she  inherited  from  her  glorious  progenitors,  has  resolved  that,  without  loss  of  time,  three  screw  steam-frigates  shall  be  constructed,  of  31..  guns  and  360  horse  :  power,  to  be  named  the  Beren Berengula,  gula, Berengula,  Petr  . STYLE=superscript  cinilla,  and  Blanca,  after  Queens  of  Castile,  - STYLE=superscript  Aragon,  and  Navarre  ;  the  two  former  to  be  built  at  Ferrol  and  the  latter  at  Cartha;  ginia.  The  machinery  is  directed  to  be  purchased  abroad.  •  A  royal  decree,  countersigned  by  the  Marquis  .  of  Gerona,  directs  that  in  future  half  the  term  passed  in  prison  before  trial,  by  persons  condeth condethned  ned condethned  in  correctional  penalties,  shall  be  deducted  from  the  tern  . STYLE=superscript  '  of  imprisonment  for  which  they  are  sentenced,  whether  directly  or  in  default  of  pay payment  ment payment  of  fines.  No  resolution  has  yet  been  come  to  by  - STYLE=superscript  the  Ministry,'  with  respect  to  the  presidency  . STYLE=superscript  of  the  S  onato.  The  run  •  upon  the  savings  bank  has  re-com re-commenced,  menced, re-commenced,  there  being  134,064  reals  drawn  out  last  week,  against  48,468  reals  paid  in.  There  was  . STYLE=superscript  no  Bolsa  to-day,  in  consequence  of  its  being  the.  Queen's  birthday.  The  stamps•  required  for  letters  to  circulate  within  Madrid,  will  be  reduced  from  three  cuartos  to  one  cuarto,  from  the  15th  inst."
