text
"INCUMBERED  ESTATES  COURT  Some  interesting  particulars  relative  to  this  tri tribunal  bunal tribunal  have  lately  been  published,  by  Mr.  John  Locke,  whose  essay  on  Ireland,  read  at  the  last  meeting  of  the  British  Association,  attracted  so  much  attention.  Amongst  other  statistical  matters  detailed  in  it,  we  find  that,  from  the  establishment  of  the  Court,  in  October,  1849,  up  to  July  last,  2,878  petitions  were  presented,  which  have  already  had  results  in  2,109  orders  for  sale,  and  3,523  conveyances.  The  number  of  acres  sold  was  over  a  million  and  a  half,  having  a  rental  of  nearly  800,0001.  a  year,  and  bringing  a  total  of  purchase  money  to  the  extent  of  ten  millions  and  a  half— halfthat  that halfthat  is,  an  average  of  above  thirteen  years  pur purchase.  chase. purchase.  Of  this  ten  millions  and  a  half,  six  millions  and  a  half  have  been  distributed  amongst  the  vendors;  something  over  a  million  was  allowed  to  purchasers,  on  foot  of  incumbrances  vested  in  them  ;  and  the  remainder  awaits  distribution,  being  in  the  meanwhile  vested  ,  in  stock  and  con consols.  sols. consols.  The  total  number  of  purchasers  was  4,123,  of  which  only  181  were  English  and  Scotch,  sup supplying  plying supplying  1,800,0001.  of  purchase  money.  This  gives  a  tolerably  fair  idea  of  the  work  done  by  the  Court,  but  its  relative  expedition  may  be  better  known  by  a  partial  comparison  with  the  Court  of  Chancery,  with  which  Mr.  Locke  furnishes  us,  and  which  states  that,  of  974  estates  brought  to  the  hammer  by  the  Incumbered  Estates  Commissioners,  9  had  been  the  subject  of  a  fifty  years  Chancery  suit  ;  27  had  been  in  that  Court  over  40  years;  51,  over  30  years  ;  135,  over  30  years  ;  and  the  remainder  for  periods  from  that  downwards  to  five  years.  The  annual  expense  to  the  country,  of  all  this,  in including  cluding including  salaries  of  commissioners,  masters,  exami.  ners,  clerks,.  Sze.,  is  12,5301.  •  -  '  BIRCH  AGAINST  GRAY.—It  may  be  recollectedthat  this  was  the  title  of  a  case  which  was  tried  at  the  last,  Naas  Assizes,  and  resulted  in  a  verdict  for  the  defendant.  It  was  an  action  for  libel  against  the  proprietor  of  the  Freeman's  Journal,  the  alleged  libel  being  contained  in  an  article  referring  to  the  plaintiff,  who  was  somewhat  celebrated  as  the  cmpluye  or  Lora  uiarenaon  In  '46,  for  the  purpose  Of  writing  up  the  cause  of  law  and  order  in  the  World  newspaper.  Mr.  Birch,  who  is  rather  of  a  litigious  disposition,  and  has  been  in  gaol  already  for  extortion  and  libel,  was  rather  ignominiously  defeated  at  Naas,  the  jury  with  very  little  hesita hesitation  tion hesitation  judging  for  the  defendant  on  all  the  counts.  However,  a  motion  for  a  new  trial  was  brought  on  by  him  in  the  Court  of  Exchequer  yesterday,  and  having  been  postponed  till  to-day,  was  argued  by  Mr  Hayes,  Q.C.  The  issue  has  been,  that  the  judges  granted  1:1,  ooraitional  nrylor,  nn  +ha  orniirtti  of  and  that  the  verdict  was  against  the  weight  of  evidence.  KELLY  AGAINST  BIRCH;—In  this  case  'a  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  named  Birch  is  also  concerned,  but  not,  as  far  as  T  am  aware,  in  any  way  connected  (except  perhaps  sympathetically)  with  the  plaintiff  in  -the  other  case.  The  plaintiff  is  the  very  wealthy  Mrs.  Kelly,  whose  name  was  so  lately  before  the  public  in  the  extraordinary  conspiracy  case  at  the  head  police  office.  The  facts  in  the  present  instance  are  rather  interesting,  and  involve  a  charge  of  em  bezzlement,  to  th  amount  of  some  £54,000.  Mr.  Birch  was  Mrs.  Kelly's  agent,  and,  it  is  stated,  bolted  with  the  money  in  question-  He  was  pursued,  and  arrested  in  France,  and  having  been  brought  back,  was  sent  for  trial  to  the  commis commissioner,  sioner, commissioner,  but  succeeded  in  removing  the  case  by  certiorari  to  the  Queen's  Bench,  where  it  is  ex expected  pected expected  to  come  on  during.the  after  sittings  of  the  present  term.  Meanwhile  Birch  is  in  goal,  and  about  £24,000  of  the  money  said  to  be  embezzled  has  been  impounded,  having  been  found  vested  in  Stock  and  other  speculations,  in  various  names  Mr.  Birch  being  also  accused  of  having  persona personated  ted personated  the  several  parties  to  whom  those  names  were  supposed.  to  belong.  The  same  transfer  was  executed  as  a  and  was  effected  with  great  ingenuity.  It  is  also  reported  that  the  prosecutrix  is  anxious  for  a  compromise'  on  condition  of  receiving  some  £30,000  of  her  money  back.  Against  this  Mr  Birch  holds  out,  relying  as  a  defence  on  the  repre representation,  sentation, representation,  that  he  invested  the  cash  by  Mrs.  Kelly's  order.  Lest  by  any  chance  he  might  secure  an  acquittal  on  this  ground,  a  detainer  of  the  Court  of  Chancery  has  been  laid  on  him.  To  day  a  motion  was  to'have  come  on  in  that  court,  with,  I  believe,  the  intent  on  the  part  of  Birch,  to  set  aside  the  de detainer,  tainer, detainer,  A  postponement,  however,  took  place,  and  it  is  not  improbable  the  affair  may  be  settled  in  the  interim.  But  should  the  case  come  in  extenso,  be before  fore before  the  Lord  Chancellor,  such  is  the  extraordinary  nature  of  the  circumstances  that  will  be  opened  to  him,  it  is  not  thought  improbable  he  may  take  the  whole  case  out  of  Mrs.  Kelly's  hands,  and  order  the  Attorney-General  to  prosecute.  SUICIDE  Yesterday  Dr.  Ball  of  Cork,  hung  himself  whilst  insane.  RAILWAY  ACCIDENT.  —On  Thursday,  an  accident  hap happened  pened happened  on  ,the  'Ulster  railway,  at  the  Dunmurry  station,  by  which  a  passenger,  a  poor  woman,  had  her  leg  injured.  The  accident  arose  from  a  waggon  moving  from  the  station  by  its  own  momentum,  and  coming  in  contact  with  the  train  that  was  just  moving  off,  by  which  this  waggon  was  thrown  off  the  line,  and  displaced  several  of  the  carriages.  Some  of  the  passengsrs  became  alarmed,  and  jumped  out,  and  among  them  the  woman  that  was  injured.  SWINDLING.—At  the  Commissioners'  Court  yes yesterday,  terday, yesterday,  a  man  named  John  Wilson  pleaded  guilty  to  some  ingenious  swindling  transactions  with  which  he  was  charged.  The  Chief  Baron,  in  pronouncing  sentence  upon  him,  ex explained  plained explained  the  nature  of  the  transactions.  The  prisoner  had  forged  a  number  of  letters,  and  on  information  which  he  collected  by  some  means  directed  those  letters  to  several  poor  persons,  and  alleging  that  they  were  from  friends  in  distant  colonies  and  had  been  intrusted  to  himfor  delivery.  demanded  2s.  custom-house  duty  on  each  of  them.  He  represented  himself  as  a  sailor  belonging  to  the  Ocean  Queen.  A  policeman  named  Quin,  on  whom  he  attempted  to  commit  one  of  these  frauds,  arrested  him,  and  found  upon  his  person  seven  letters  of  a  similar  kind  to  that  which  he  was  attempting  to  pass  upon  him,  along  with  a  document  pur purporting  porting purporting  to  be  a  certificate  from  a  master  of  a  ship,  a  justice  of  the  peace,  and  some  others,  that  he  was  one  of  the  few  persons  saved  from  the  wreck  of  the  Ocean  Queen.  The  letters  which  were  found  upon  him  were  ingeniously  circum circumstantial,  stantial, circumstantial,  but  were  i  n  many  particulars  copies.  The  court  sentenced  him  to  be  imprisoned  for  four  months  for  each  of  the  three  offences  with  which  he  was  charged,  and  to  be  kept  to  hard  labour.  His  lordship  regarded  those  imposi impositions  tions impositions  upon  poor  people,  as  very  heinous  offences,mnd  only  regretted  that  the  court  could  not  qrr  ti  nce  the  prisoner  to  four  monthsmore  for  each  of  the  seven  letters  found  upon  him,  FATAL  ACCIDENT.—Lady  Langford  was  drowned  yesterday  whilst  bathing  atatalbliggluii-  -  •  QUARANTINE  REGULATIONS.  BRITISH  CONSULATE,  CADIZ,  26TH  OCT.,  1853.  SIR-I  regret  to  have  to  acquaint  you  that  the  Board  of  Health  of  this  city,  has  just  imposed  a  Quarantine  of  observation  of  eight  days  in  this  harbour,  on  vessels  that  may  arrive  from  Gibraltar.  Vessels  from  ports  infected  with  cholera,  that  may  have  been  admitted  to  pratique  at  Gibraltar,  and  may  afterwards  come  here,  will  be  compelled  to  proceed  to  Maton  or  Vigo  and  perform  Quarantine.  Vessels  that  may  arrive  from  Lisbon,  or  the  ports  of  Portagal,  will  be  subject  to  a  Quarantine  of  ob observation  servation observation  in  this  harbour  of  fifteen  days,  deducting  the  time  employed  on  the  voyage.  Thus  a  steamer  that  may  arrive  here  in  two  days  from  Lis Lisbon,  bon, Lisbon,  will  be  subject  to  thirteen  days  of  Quarantine  in  this  harbour.  These  absurd  and  restrictive  measures  will  I  trust,  be  of  short  duration.  I  am,  Sir,  your  most  obedient  servant,  WM.  BRACKENBURY.  Thomas  Court,  Esq.,  Secretary  to  the  Underwriters,  Liverpool.  CONSPIRACY  TO  DEFRAUD  THE  COI  PORATION  OF  LIVERPOOL  OUT  OI  THE  SUM  CF  £1737.  On  Saturday,  Joseph  Rosson  and  William  Clarke,  the  former  the  contractor  for  bricks,  and  the  latter  the  clerk  of  works,  at  the  new  borough  gaol,  at  Walton,  were  again  brought  before  the  magistrates,  (Messrs.  Benn  and  Booth),  charged  with  conspiring  to  defraud  the  Corporation  of  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  of  a  sum  of  £1737  by  means  of  false  returns  as  to  the  number  of  bricks  supplied  for  the  new  borough  gaol  at  Wal Walton.  ton. Walton.  Thomas  Kitchen  and  Samuel  Ingram,  two  brick brickmakers,  makers, brickmakers,  who  worked  for  the  defendant  Rosson,  were  called  to  prove  the  number  of  bricks  which  they  had  made  during  the  summer,  also  the  number  of  stools  at  work  in  the  field.  From  their  evidence  it  would  appear  impossible  that  the  number  charged  could  have  been  made.  Mr.  Archibald  Tweedie,  clerk  in  the  treasurer's  office,  proved  from  the  books  put  in,  that  the  number  of  bricks  charged  for  and  not  delivered,  was  1,196,580,  or,  including  the  ninth  stool  charged  for,  but  which  had  not  been  worked,  1,643,445  bricks  for  which  there  had  been  paid  £1738.  Laurence  Kehoe,  inspector  of  the  detective  police,  deposed  to  having  apprehended  both  the  prisoners.  He  apprehended  Clarke  at  Oswestry,  who  was  in  drink  at  the  time.  Next  morning  he  told  him  the  charge  was  conspiring  with  Rosson  to  defraud  the  corporation,  by  returning  nearly  two  millions  of  bricks  which  were  never  made,  and  that  for  so  doing,  he  was  to  receive  £l5O.  Clarke  said  he  knew  nothing  about  the  bricks  ;  he  depended  upon  Harper's  returns,  and  ad admitted  mitted admitted  there  was  gross  negligence  on  his  part.  He  admitt  e  d  also  that  he  had  receiVed  £  5  and  £lO  notes  on  several  occa occasions  sions occasions  from  Rosson  to  pay  off  his  debts,  and  for  which  he  save  him  1.  0.  U's..  He  then  added,  it  has  come  to  this  it  will  go  further  ;  it  will  go  to  the  or  something  to  that  effect.  He  (Kehoe)  had  made  diligent  search  for  Har Harper,..but  per,..but Harper,..but  could  not  find  him:  -  Mr.  Simon,  in  reference  to  io  the  absence  of  this  important  witness,  said  he  had  been  put  out  of  the  way,  and  that  a  sum  of  £lOO  had  been  offered  to  a  witness  named  Daniels  and  two  others,  to  go  out  of  the  way  for  ten  weeks.  This  offer  had  been  made  by  the  foreman  of  Mr.  Rosson.  At  the  con conclusion  clusion conclusion  of  the  evidence  both  prisoners  were  committed  for  trial  at  the  assizes  ;  but  it  was  intimated  that  bail  would  be  taken  for  their  appearance  to  the  following  amounts  :  Rosson  himself  in  £lOOO,  and  two  sureties  in  £5OO  each  ;  Clarke  himself  in  £5OO,  and  two  sureties  in  £250  each.  JENNY  LIND  A  ND  HER  HUSBAND.  The  Philadelphia  Inquirer  contains  the  following  letter  from  the  Rev.  Samuel  H.,  relating  to  Jenny  Lind  and  her  husband,  and  addressed  To  the  American  :  The  late  Jenny  M.  Lind,  now  Madam  Otto  Gold Goldschmidt,  schmidt, Goldschmidt,  resident  at  Dresden,  as  a  sweet  singer,  has  made  herself  of  pleasant  and  precious  memory  to  tens  f  thousands  of  our  countrymen,  and  to  millions  in  the  whole  world.  Hence  every  fact  that  may  illustrate  properly  her  history,  is  interesting  to  the  public,  and  every  circulated  novelty  or  change  respecting  her,  affects  all  who  know  of  it.  A  cer certain  tain certain  worthy  and  respected  lady,  a  member  of  the  church  of  my  pastoral  care,  being  well  acquained  with  her,  and  having,  since  her  return  from  America,  continuously  corresponded  with  her,  has,  with  several  others,  desired  this  publication,  in  the  following  circumstances:-  -In  a  late  affectionate  letter  received  from  Madame  G— Gwhich  which Gwhich  has  been  shown  me,  and  which  is  now  before  me,  the  facts  are  all  stated  in  genuine  style,  which  perfectly  demon demonstrates  strates demonstrates  the  authenticity  of  the  present  statement.  A  sense  of  justice  and  propriety  has  induced  me  to  yield  to'  he  request,  and  to  give  the  matter  to  the  public  over  my  own  signature,  'as  lam  fully  persuaded  of  their  truth.  Her  feelings  have  been  deeply  wounded  by  the  story  that  her  husband  is  un unkind  kind unkind  to  her,  inconsiderate,  reckless,  even  cruel.  Not  to  examine  such  - STYLE=superscript  reports,  it  is  enough  for  me  to  say,  that  her herself  self herself  being  witness  and  judge,  they  are  all  totally  false  ;  that  envy  and  malice,  or  foolish  loquacity  coupled  with  ignorance,  invented  th  - STYLE=superscript  ern  all  ;  that  , STYLE=superscript  nothing  but  the  diametrical  reverse  is  true  of  her  that  no  woman  in  the  world  has  more  reason  to  be  grateful  to  God  for  her  husband,  and  that  no  man  in  the  world  could  be  a  more  anti  p.mploto  pattern  of  conjugal  tenderness,  consideration,  and  affection.  This  is  but  a  brief  epitome  of  what,  with  full  heart,  she  writes  to  her  friend  aforesaid.  She  writes  indeed  plainly,  wihtout  reserve,  and  without  affectation  ;  but  not  without  sensibility,  at  once  stung  and  virtuously  indignant.  It  is  very  certain  that  the  American  people  have  no  inte interest  rest interest  or  wish  to  dissent  from  her  own  most  credible  and  con conclusive  clusive conclusive  statement.  Her  friends  here  all  unite  with  her,  in  the  strong  desire  to  have  the  calumny  discredited  and  cor corrected.  rected. corrected.  Certain  it  is,  also,  that  any  person  in  public  life,  however  pure  and  faultless,  is  all  too  liable  to  have  miscon misconceptions,  ceptions, misconceptions,  and  detractions,  and  aching  wounds,  to  0n0...4,er  and  to  bear,_  as  the_nonot7  a  - STYLE=superscript  pvpular  greatness.  T  o  every  generous  mind  it  must  .occasion  grief  to  know  of  such  an  infliction,  and  joy  only  to  find  it  both  without  foundation  and  without  continuance.  If  there  any  is  thing  of  the  class,  worse  than  the  facility  with  which  evil  sports  both  gain  a  being,  and  grow  by  going  in  this  naughty  world,  it  is  the  difficulty,  often  the  positive  despair,  of  their  correction.  Still,  some  of  us  hope  that,  in  the  rare  case  of  this  universal  favorite,  this  night nightingale  ingale nightingale  of  the  two  hemispheres,  it  may  be  only  necessary  to  publish  the  truth,  authenticated  .from  her  own  pen,  to  des destroy  troy destroy  the  illusion  and  arrest  the  mischief;  albeit,  after  its  severity  has  often  wounded  the  gentle  bosom,  that  now  re rejoices,  joices, rejoices,  and  should  have  no  such  pang  to  countervail  her  joy,  as  the  accomplished  mother  of  a  lovely  and  beautiful  infant  justly  crowning  the  happy  communion  of  its  parents,  in  thei  own  peaceful  and  private  THE  MURDER  AT  BURNHAM  ABBEY  FARM.)  The  coroner's  inquest  on  the  remains  of  Mary  Ann  Stur Sturgeon  geon Sturgeon  was  resumed  at  ten  o'clock  on  Wednesday.  morning.  A  broken  pocker  was  produced,  and  identified  by  a  char charwoman  woman charwoman  named  Staymaket  as  having  been  whole  when  it  was  taken  from  - STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Godwin's  bedroom  to  the  bedroom  where  the  body  of  the  disceased  was  found,  on  the  afternoon  of  Tuegday.  Mr..lLdph  Willis  Godwin,  the  occupier  of  the  farm,  was  recalled,  and  in  answer  to  the  question  from  the  coroner  as  to  whether  he  observed  anything  unusual  in  the  conduct  of  Hatto,  the  groom,  on  Tuesday  night,  witness  said  he  did.  Before  witness  had  discovered  the  murder,  and  before  he  had  been  upstairs,  Hatto  ask  him  whether  he  had  seen  any anything  thing anything  wrong  ?  Witness  replied  that  he  bad  not.  Hatto  also  came  into  the  kitchen  more  than  once,  before  he  had  time  to  :dress  his  horse,  and  maed  a  humming  noise,  contrary  to  his  usual  custum.  [Mr.  Superintendent  Symington,  of  the  Bucks  constabu constabulary,  lary, constabulary,  here  informed  the  Coroner  that  circumstances  had  been  discovered  that  cast  suspicion  upon  Hatto,  the  groom,  and  that  he  was  then  in  custody.  The  announcement  created  a  deep  sensation.]  1)r.  Roberts,  of  Burnham,  gave  a  description  of  the  inju injuries  ries injuries  inflicted  upon  deceased.  An  internal  examination  of  the  body  proved  that  deceased  was  not  enceinte.  As  to  whether  recent  vinipnee  had  }wan  often:a  tho  (Leo/140,  it  wcbc,  impOssible  to  say,  from  the  circumstance  of  the  lower  part  of  the  body  being  so  injured  by  the  fire.  Witness  was  of  opinion  that  death  had  been  occasioned  by  the  injuries  in inflicted  flicted inflicted  by  blows  on  the  head,  which  brought  on  concussion  of  the  brain  ;  and  death  ensued  before  the  commencement  of  the  burning  of  the  body.  Jane  Mince,  the  wife  91  the  farm  bailiff,  deposed  that,  on  the  night  of  Tuesday,  deceased  was  in  witness's  cottage  at  about  eight  o'clock;  she  brought  a  piece  of  sticking  plaister  to  put  on  witness's  bad  finger,  after  which  deceased  said  I  must  go  into  the  house  and  get  the  boy's  supper  Deceased  added,  that  when  she  had  done  so  she  should  go  up  stairs,  and  sit  in  her  room,  as  the  boy's  (Hatto's)  conversa conversation  tion conversation  was  so  that  she  could  not  sit  with  him,  neither  should  she.  Deceased  told  witness,  on  Tuesday  night,  that  she  and  Hatto  had  words  together.  Witness  did  not  understand  deceased  to  mean  that  words  had  passed  between  them  that  night.  In  answer  to  questions  from  the  coroner,  Mr.  Godwin  said  that  Hatto  was  a  civil  and  obliging  servant,  and  had  borne,  up  to  the  present  time,  a  good  character.  William  Coker,  a  boy  in  the  service  of  Mr.  Goodwin,  de deposed  posed deposed  that  he  slept  with  Hatto  on  the  night  after  the  murder.  Hatto  said  he  hoped  he  should  have  a  pleasanter  night  than  he  had  the  night  before  ;  he  jumped  about  in  the  bed  very  much,  and  appeared  very  uneasy.  Haito  was  here  introduced,  and  asked  to  sign  the  evidence  given  by  him  on  Wednesday.  The  prisoner,  who  appeared  perfectly  unmoved,  is  of  middle  size,  and  about  30  years  of  age.  .  Police-superintendant  Symington  produced  a  pair  of  tronsers  which  Hatto  wore  on  Tuesday  last  ;  there  were  marks  of  blood  on  them.  and  the  blood  had  Men  pronounced  to  be  human  blood.  He  deposed  that  he  had  observed  marks  of  blood  at  the  bottom  of  Hatto's  bed;  the  marks  appeared  to  be  partially  obliterated,  and  the  blood  was  of  loner  standing  than,  this  mornin  g  .  Wi  tness  also  produced  a  jacket  on  which  were  marks  of  blood  ;  but  it  was  ex exr)lained  r)lained exr)lained  that  Hatto  had‘been  employed  to  remove  the  body,  and  that  the  blood  might  have  been  communicated  to  the  garments  by  that  means.  Cleare  (the  foreman)  said  it  was  a  suspicious  circum circumstanbe  stanbe circumstanbe  that  Hatto  should  have  fallen  into  a  pool  of  water  in  the  yard,  when  looking  round  on  Tuesday  night,  and  so  in induced  duced induced  the  necessity  for  washing  .  his  clothes.  They  had  been  partly  , STYLE=superscript  washed  and  were  hanging  to  dry  in  Mr.  Goodwin's  kitchen,  on  the.  Wednesday  raormng:  •  -  POLICE  COURT.----SATURDAY.  LIVERPOOL  John  Fisk,  for  plying  for  hire,  at  the  Pierhead,  and  not  having  obtained  a  licence,  was  fined  2s.  6d.  and  costs.  Thomas  Jordan,  for  the  same  offence,  at  the  same  time,  and  at  the  same  place,  was  fined  2s.  6d.  and  costs.  SMUGGLING.—  Edward  Boss,  a  German,  was  charged  with  smuggling  ten  ounces  of  Cavendish  tobacco,  and  two  and  a-half  pounds  of  Dutch  cut.  A  custom-house  officer  stopped  the  prisoner,  and  found  ten  ounces  of  Cavendish  tobacco,  and  two  and  a-half  .  pounds  of  Dutch  cut,  after  he  had  denied  having  any  in  his  possession.  The  prisoner  then  struck  the  officer  and  ran  away.  He  was  pursued  and  stopped  in  Chapel-street,  where  a  scuffle  ensued,  and  the  custom-house  officer  lost  half  the  tobacco.  The  :prisoner  was  ultimately  taken  into  custody.  A  fine  of  20s.  and  costs  was  inflicted,  or  fourt  een  days  imprisonment  in  default  of  payment.  COMMITMENTS.—  William  Hunter  was  committed  for  trial  at  the  sessions,  on  a  charge  of  stealing  two  large  lumps  of  butter,  (about  a  quarter  of  a  cwt.  weight,)  from  the  shop  of  Mrs.  Davis,  Great  Oxford-street,  on  Friday  night.  Officer  85,  heard  that  a  quantity  of  butter  had  been  found  concealed  in  a  yard  in  front  Portland  -street.  The  officer  concealed  himself  in  the  yard,  and  in  some  time  after  saw  the  prisoner  on  the  wall.  The  latter  said,  I'll  hand  it  over  to  Just  then,  there  was  a  noise  in  the  house,  and  prisoner  jumped  off  the  wall,  when  the  officer  ran  round  and  apprehended  him.  A  girl  had  seen  the  prisoner  with  another  boy  in  Oxford-street,  with  two  parcels,  on  the  same  night.  Mrs.  Davis  fully  identified  the  butter  as  her  property.  AN  ADROIT  TRlEF.—Elizabeth  Costelloe  was  charged  with  being  the  person  who,  on  Friday  fortnight,  at  about  nine  o'clock,  stole  from  Christopher  Palson,  of  Low  Hill,  in  Frazer-street,  a  sum  of  eight  sovereigns,  and  ten  shillings  and  sixpence  in  silver.  He  had  occasion,  on  that  night,  to  go  into  an  entry  in  Frazer  street,  where  the  prisoner  followed  him.'  He  desired  her  to  go  away,  but  she  put  her  hands  about  his  pockets,  and  he  feeling,  to  see  if  his  purse  was  all  right,  found  it  in  his  pocket,  but  the  money  which  it  contained,  was  gone.  He  seized  prisoner  but  she  got  away.  The  officer  who  apprehended  her  said,  that  the  prisoner  and  a  paramour  of  her's,  had  been,  ever  since,  in  Dublin..  The  magistrates  said,  that  prisoner  must  be  an  adept  to  take  out  the  purse,  empty  it,  and  return  it  to  the  prosecutor's  pocket  without  hi  s  k  now  l  e  d  ge  .  A  s  it  was  positively  sworn,  that  this  was  the  woman  who  took  the  money,  and  that  the  prosecutor  had  it  when  he  encountered  her  first,  they  would  send  her  to  gaol  for  three  months.  A  WRETCHED  MOTHER.—Michael  Kelly,  a  very  small,  wretched-looking  boy,  was  taken  into  custody  on  Thursday,  in  Love-lane,  with  a  quantity  of  clean  cotton  on  his  head  in  a  bundle.  A  woman,  named  Honor  Kelly,  was  brought  forward,  on  Friday,  as  a  witness;  she  was  seen  walking  behind  the  boy  at  the  time,  but  she  denied  all  knowledge  of  him,  except  that  she  lived  in  the  house  with  him.  On  Saturday,  both  were  put  forward  as  prisoners,  when  it  was  stated,  that  on  enquiry,  it  was  found  that  they  were  mother  and  son.  The  woman  was  committed  for  three  months,  whilst  the  wretched  child  was  remanded,  in  order  that  an  endeavour  might  be  made  to  get  him  into  an  industrial  school.  REMANDS.—Lawrence  Egan  was  remanded,  charged  with  stealing  an  account-book  from  the  till  of  Mrs.  Simpson,  of  Mill-street.  Eliza  Tohnson  a  nice  looking  child  of  about  t  en  y  ears  ,  was  remanded  Charged  with  having  pawned  a  gown  which  was  stolen  from  Joseph  Cummins,  of  Great  Homer-street.  A  STEWARDESS  IN  TROUBLE.—Mary  Ann  Morgan,  a  respectable-looking  female,  was  char,,cred  by  . STYLE=superscript  Jane  Yates  with  picking  her  pocket  in  the  shop  of  Mr.  Jones,  in  Byrom Byromstreet.  street. Byromstreet.  The  prosocutor  swore  she  felt  prisoner's  hand  in  her  pocket,  and  when  she  siezed  it  she  found  threepence  in  it,  the  exact  sum  she  had  lost.  The  prisoner  denied  this,  and  stated  sh  e  was  stewardess  of  a  vessel  just  returned  from  America..  The  magistrates  ordered  the  case  to  stand  over  the  an  hour  ;  and  on  i  nquiry  being  made,  it  turned  out  that  h  prisoner's  statement  was  perfectly  correct,  and  she  was  discharged.  MEMBERS  OF  THE  SWELL  MOE  --Three  stylish  dressed  Tudor,  were  charged  with  attempting  to  pick  pockets  in  persons  named  John  Harris.  Ann  '  -  _Davies,  and  William  emal  seemed  to  be  acting  as  a  decoy,  and  the  maleprisoners  totllowed  her  at  Church-street,  on  Friday  night.  The  some  distance.  At  length  she  succ  ee  d  e  d  in  get  old  gentleman,  and  then  the  officers  apprehendedn  thelowholel  d  of  an  party.  The  magistrate  said  that  althou  g  h  the  officers  had  s  done  perfectly  right  in  arresting  the  prisone  rs  ,  as  they  were  suspicious  characters,  yet  it  was  only  a  case  of  suspicion  and  they  must  be  therefore  discharged.  Mr.  Clough  said  that  it  was  reported  to  him  ,that  the  town  waa  at  present  infested  with  such  characters  ;  he  had  therefore  determined  to  send  out  detectives  each  night  to  apprehend  every  one  of  them  who  were  on  the  streets  and  known  to  the  police."
