text
"MARITIME  EXTRACTS  Liverpool,  Ten.  24.—The  Kalamazoo,  for  savanna,  which  'sailed  on  the  22nd  inst.,  has  put  back  leaky.—The  Snowdon,  arrived  here  from  Pernambuco,  has  the  crew  of  the  ship  Garrow,  from  Africa  to  Liverpool,  which  wa4  abandoned,  complex  ely  water-logged.  :ZWarrenpoint,  Jan.  `,2.—The  Duke  of  Richmond  (smack)  Hamil Hamilton,  ton, Hamilton,  of  ann  from  Portaferry  to  Liverpool  with  wheat,  ran  on  the  rocks  inside  Carlingford  Light  y  sterday  ;  was  assisted  off  at  6  p.m.,  and  came  up  here,  making  little  water.  She  had  previously  lost  bowsprit.  —The  Alciope  (brie),  of  Liverpocl,  got  ashore  off  Ballagan  Point  at  3  p.m.  yesterday.  She  came  off  at  10  p.m.,  and  anchored  inside  Carlingford  Bar,  making  much  water,  and  with  rudder,  &amp;c..  damaged.  [Mem.:  Alciope,  Soot,  fur  Africa,  sailed  hence  on  the  22nd  inst.]  Belfast  Jan.  22.—The  Norfolk,  from  Sligo  to  Liverpool,  which  was  full  of  water,  has  been  brought  near  Iced  Bay  Pier,  and  is  ex expected  pected expected  to  he  got  into  the  harbour  to-day.  Troon,  Jan.  24.—The  Sat  , STYLE=superscript  inian,  from  Liverpool  to  Melbourne,  has  put  in  here  with  loes  of  sails  ;  expects  to  sail  to-morrow.  Milford,  Jan.  23.—Arrived—INIadre  Mimheie,  from  Liverpool  for  Cardiff,  had  slipped  an  anchor  in  Scily  Roads.  Dublin,  Jan.  24.—The  Mall  (  .).  had  a  hole  in  her  side  yester yesterday—it  day—it yesterday—it  is  supposed  while  lying  again  t  e  rng  in  the  wall—the  water  poured  in,  and  a  quantity  of  wheat  was  damaged.  FOREIGN  PORTS  Mariana,  hence  at  Manzanilla.  North  Wales,  hence  at  Vera  Cruz.  Oa  the  DEATH.  2 STYLE=superscript  4th  In•t.,  aged  33  Sarah,  the  wife  of  Mr.  Thomas  Farrar,  flour  dea STYLE=superscript  ler,  175,  S  cot  land-road.  Marriages,  ar  d  Deaths,  are  only  inserted  when  sent  to  Our  Office  duly  authenticated."
