text
"ji°NETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL  LIVERPOOL,  MONDAY7.IIENING.  3 STYLE=superscript  .:03:  ge,,-.ll.l.ll:e(lattamti°ll  of  the  Corn  has  been  B  ich  , STYLE=superscript  C  t  n  .  fro  t4o  qt,,  renewed  vigour  this  week,  as  will  be  2  ss^  p,  Var  ,  ' STYLE=superscript  ,.  r STYLE=superscript  .  report  of  the  Liverpool'  . STYLE=superscript  Corn  Mar Marled!!  led!! Marled!!  t  ,etFi  of  0  ,..  41 STYLE=superscript  e  state  of  the  weather,  and.  the  pros prospart  part prospart  )1 STYLE=superscript  1'ell,,,&#34;  1 STYLE=superscript  next  harvest,  have  all  been  brought  * STYLE=superscript  .  in  ,  pa  rt;  qal  a  l STYLE=superscript  e  tide  of  alarm  and  increase  the  commer commerliao  liao commerliao  and  e  general  '  b  dr  N  I  so,  t  o  •  ,  ern  arrasments  of  the  country,  $  _  A  r  if  ~  'loth..  'nonce  a  - STYLE=superscript  spirit  of  speculation  which  ,  Ice  .  4t,„  -,1  0  .,,,,  ,  ,_,,  be  „  1  ,4  ,  0 STYLE=superscript  8  t  att  u„',  lll STYLE=superscript  ed.  by-facts.  We  have  devoted  the  ;  11  1  .  0  ,i  r  sf  ices,  up  attention  tothe  past  and  probable  range  of  ;ilei  t STYLE=superscript  i  th  i STYLE=superscript  e  ur STYLE=superscript  eesei„  tlie STYLE=superscript  next  ..haivest,  and  with  ample  i.  il'  v:  ciuti  on  '  s  _'eiravtion.  at  hand,  we  can  only  repeat  iii  iiE•  ~  e  .  a.  440  ,  have  an  given  to  the  trade.  eep  dr  el  discover  to  cliscovea•  any  immediate  'necessity  for  1  1 STYLE=superscript  o'ep  art;  ,,lie  great  advance  demanded  in  prices,  ;:i.  1  Sille  Bs,  l_  .  arly  when  it  is  known  to'  every  man  of  ptell  o  l  dt  o  0  .drat  nearly  every  store  in  Liverpool  is  soul  ilthi  t  ‘erflowin.  with  .grain  at  this  moment,  o  tiY  4,  11  t  the  unusual  g.gr,  ,  alt,  demand  for  export  has  sub  0  bst  they  1  ,  gether.  -.  opt  the  y  shall  1  •  0  0  the  eta  mo STYLE=superscript  unt  enabled  from  time  to  time  to  shew  e  0  66  Bta  t  i  lint  . STYLE=superscript  of  labour  we  have  expended  over  a  joi  # STYLE=superscript  abjecter,  ,and  connected,  with  this  all  importarr  g  noft  t STYLE=superscript  ellisic  e  i  n. STYLE=superscript  on  which  we  have  based  the  conclu  01  w  on  A  ra  l STYLE=superscript  ave  expressed.  The  arrivals  of:grail  idlic  t STYLE=superscript  f  arad  tuiti  !  I STYLE=superscript  lea  are  already  becoming,  larger  that  e  v  Is  atad  a,  t  e STYLE=superscript  i  Tated.  '  From  the  United  States  an(  ni*lio  Flo  n  tie STYLE=superscript  -imports  for  the  Week  have  been  :  'on  Wheat  ie,  '  n  9 STYLE=superscript  :  252 STYLE=superscript  'qr.s.;  '  Indian  Corn,  1,486  qrs.;  :1  t  ° STYLE=superscript  ,  !  L  4 STYLE=superscript  ')2-hrl;  and  from  Spain,  370  qrs.  of  i)  ll, STYLE=superscript  o  ,,  c STYLE=superscript  i  ii  ill STYLE=superscript  tt  i  . STYLE=superscript  'i  \‘ STYLE=superscript  'f  i  l STYLE=superscript  l  til STYLE=superscript  et;  iial,..la9ll?of  Flour  and  Wheat,  2,625  qrs.,  Egypt  salis STYLE=superscript  quantity  of  Indian  Corn  from  au`cd  4 STYLE=superscript  3's  t  'ased  an  advance  of  2s.  per  brl.  on  Tues  clai  - STYLE=superscript  1  Poe  t'llee  ,  vs:,  „,.ed  i  ll  .  An  -  advance  of  .6cl.  to  ls.  is  also  re  ;ii..  fr  o  4,  i  '`,  4 STYLE=superscript  e  i  rh  t STYLE=superscript  ne  other  descriptions  of  produce.  -  bt,  !  te,'Met,i7Ports  of  grain  into  the  port  of  London  be  r  i  71  4 STYLE=superscript  tib  ti  e STYLE=superscript  Past  week  have  been  very  large,  The  Jilt/  te  'O9  n  ilti STYLE=superscript  tY  reported  is  147,044  quarters,  includ includ-7i  -7i includ-7i  4 STYLE=superscript  li  4(  l_aniters  of  wheat,  nearly  the  whole  of  the  11,  •The  er STYLE=superscript  being  Oats.  A  arrivals  (  o  f  ,  erab  i  of  prodUce  reorted  is  also  very  con con[4l  [4l con[4l  }  E STYLE=superscript  lorb  o  e STYLE=superscript  •  Of  tea  there  have  been  9,717  packages  tr  4  'or  , STYLE=superscript  4 STYLE=superscript  ;  ge STYLE=superscript  )'  es  and  of  sugar,  30,654  bags  and  mats,  2,497  lico  i  Thy  and  893  ca  s  k  s.  ,  a  ,o  i  ft_  e  n  ,.  [  L STYLE=superscript  i  ,,i44  CCllliel  irate  is  .reported  to  have  arrived  .  in  the  '  o  ll  ,o STYLE=superscript  _  ''lri  r STYLE=superscript  .c  ein  Launceston,  whence  she  sailed  or  :  D  O  w STYLE=superscript  allp  r  °'  June..  Her  advices  will  be  important  1  ill  ,kee  orci  f3 STYLE=superscript  ability.  .  I  i  l  ave  ,7  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  tit  tt  ,ea  „  tii  .  l STYLE=superscript  a  ng  to  the  official  return  of  the  liabilities  of  th  e STYLE=superscript  i',4  o  '  l\i  '  s STYLE=superscript  of  the  five  joint  stock  banks  doing  busi busict  ct busict  1  '  4 STYLE=superscript  t  k  n  ''',  e,vi  . STYLE=superscript  South  Wales  for  the  quarter  ending  atta  c STYLE=superscript  e  t STYLE=superscript  t  l STYLE=superscript  ,  lir  to  - STYLE=superscript  feu,  1853,  their  deposits  were  £3,338,708  ;  Iho  „alai  ln  Lea  in  circulation,  £9544755  ;  bills,  £50,553;  ;1011.  '44  's  due  to  -  other  banks,  £125,489,  making  s  it  ivt,  tet  e.  ,  e  „c„i  oracle  1  liabilities  about  £4,500,000,  against  b  tr STYLE=superscript  o  r STYLE=superscript  f  L'lde  they  they STYLE=superscript  had  assets  amounting  to  .  £5,167,729,_  4,  gj  1,7  1 STYLE=superscript  e4.',  ef  £1,895,701  coin  and  bullion,  1  5,3/5  nt  ed•  „:  41 STYLE=superscript  ks  ',  1 STYLE=superscript  .,°Perty,..115,416  notes  and  bills  of  other  ' STYLE=superscript  ire  o STYLE=superscript  Ti  li  (l STYLE=superscript  iG  i  t STYLE=superscript  .  ,24 STYLE=superscript  4,07  - STYLE=superscript  8  balances  due  from  other  banks,  mitt!  (t  .,,  e  N  it  '  7,1 STYLE=superscript  59  notes  and  bills'  under  discount,  &amp;c.  NC  ll3' STYLE=superscript  o  t  4  . STYLE=superscript  et STYLE=superscript  age  1  11 STYLE=superscript  P  capital  amounted  to  £2,391.668.  The  r  Gad  IN  dividend  had.  been  £lO  per  cent.  per  fin fine°  e° fine°  e  ,t  3  the  reserved  profits  remaining  undivided  ,t  of  '3t  e  '17,232  .  :ciiitgo  lie  A  a STYLE=superscript  o  rtl STYLE=superscript  et  e STYLE=superscript  ta  rs  r  of  various  .  sizes  are  in  great  request  in  of  etkw  rem  ay  Vahan  colonies,  and  every  available  vessel  knellfc,  r  i STYLE=superscript  ner  w  bought  up  on  arrival.  The  Pirate_  o  i  o  ceof  t,  a-  la  le  as  purchased  at  Sydney  on  the  Ist  June,  1  0'  14  ,,  I STYLE=superscript  tati  e  l. STYLE=superscript  t  e STYLE=superscript  antile.  house  at  Launceston,  for  £11,300,  e)  co'  o  kiNL'etween  :that  port  and  Geelong.  There  iner,:,/  Vi  e  ,  (3`'Y  three.  or  four  fine  steamers,  of  500  to  1 STYLE=superscript  0,  1 STYLE=superscript  .10  1 STYLE=superscript  -  r  i  ,  () STYLE=superscript  Pia  talying  betAyeen  Van  Diemen  's  and  an  0  1  b  b  '.nte  i  i  oh  e STYLE=superscript  -  i,s  l STYLE=superscript  t  t  1  ,;  °11 STYLE=superscript  don  Stock  market  opened  firmly  to-day  it STYLE=superscript  i  l STYLE=superscript  ,  l STYLE=superscript  :o,  - STYLE=superscript  q  to  ° STYLE=superscript  ,  l  n  ar STYLE=superscript  ds  the  afternoon  it  became  weaker,  how  '  9 STYLE=superscript  0  ,°l  l STYLE=superscript  /  4  ,  increased  quantity  of  Stock  Having  beer  ;  cille STYLE=superscript  futi':  1  1°Iie  ° STYLE=superscript  3  ,  qt STYLE=superscript  forward.  Consols  closed  at  91%  i  to  _9  .  1  1 STYLE=superscript  4  for  151 STYLE=superscript  'I&#34;.  '  - STYLE=superscript  i  . STYLE=superscript  Pe  a STYLE=superscript  nd  amount  •  Reduced,  901  to  JOi-  ,  nev  'l  O  4  ii STYLE=superscript  . STYLE=superscript  1  ,  411 STYLE=superscript  4  - STYLE=superscript  3  1 STYLE=superscript  '  C STYLE=superscript  ents,  92a  to  9'21;  South  Sea  new  Annuities  LP  defe  '4,  eh  A  Pet  Cents,  .1001  ;  Bank  Stock,  216  to  218'  Il  i  '  vii,  disquer  Bille,  4s.  to  Bs.  prem.;  Indian  Bonds  so  1  8  ,  IIF  slain.  th  4li  gh  „  e  Foreign  House  the  following  stocks  were  o.  4  o  l STYLE=superscript  Pe  r  in  demand.  Equador,  51  to  61  Chilian  6  to  '  •  t  b  ,  Cents.  1001.:  Mexican,  24.  Buenos  Ayres,  58.  l  '  00  0  1  , STYLE=superscript  5  k  ,  I  ,  ,  Lilian  41  per  Cent.,  96%.  t  ha  ..  ,a  a  :Ile  Bullion  market  is  beginning  to  exhibit  8  [rata  ill  o  r STYLE=superscript  apid  increase  in  the  stock  of  precious  metals.  [ra  ja  1  h  e  r  eturns  shew  that  the  aggregate  importations  on  c  i STYLE=superscript  t  .',  the  last  three  weeks.  amount  to  11,881,000  Be  t STYLE=superscript  tD STYLE=superscript  t  L STYLE=superscript  i  ,  - STYLE=superscript  last  an  aggrecrate  exportation  of  £989,003,  leav leavtilia  tilia leavtilia  L  i  s  s  o  , STYLE=superscript  •  , STYLE=superscript  1  e:  excess  of  ..  imports  over  exports  of  about  the  P,  l  ,  1  ).:  (1  „age  e  ,  sz  ,kk  _  .  This,  turn  in  the  movements  of  bullion,  no  d STYLE=superscript  1  4 STYLE=superscript  i'°'11.  produce  a  better  state  of  things  in,  the  t  iCoo.  .  4 STYLE=superscript  410  ilkket-than  we  have  witnessed  for  the  last  plait  , STYLE=superscript  ~ty  L  Th,,  tith  s  -  P  4  '  . STYLE=superscript  '  1  7,.;,,  - STYLE=superscript  .  lh  • STYLE=superscript  .  f STYLE=superscript  avourable  turn  in  the  Bullion  Market  is  li  ,'llw  a  ,'g  to  show  itself  in  the  improved  value  of  rc  o  bas  et  Land  other  Shares  in  which  the  advance  '  •  :,,  -4, STYLE=superscript  2  f  i  - STYLE=superscript  -3  , STYLE=superscript  and  -  well  sustained  by  purchases  for  '  54  . STYLE=superscript  investment.  South.  Easterns  advanced  ter  all  49.  North  Westerns  1021  103.  l STYLE=superscript  '  e STYLE=superscript  r  a  ori  '  v STYLE=superscript  esterns  801.  Caledonians  .491  491.  Ches Chesylio  ylio Chesylio  l  '.  tinlyhead  10s,  higher.  .Namur  and  Liege  ,4  ( STYLE=superscript  2  p„  ' STYLE=superscript  n'thern  of  Frande  SS.  higher.  Weisbaden  Zi  t  o  '  A  d)  1  dis.  .  Brazilian  -Imperial  Mine  Shares  'elith  - STYLE=superscript  l•  Union  of  Australia,  about  £2  higher.  4 STYLE=superscript  A  il  Australia,  391.  Australasia,  70.  Chartered  w,er  e  :tralia,  7s.  6d.  higher.  Crystal  Palace  Shares  '  5 STYLE=superscript  ,  e  '  Prem.;  and  British  American  Land  shares'  i STYLE=superscript  v•  -  .•  •  44  e  Liverpool  Cotton  Market  continues  firm,  Th  e;  without  any  i  mme  diate  prospect  of  a  change  . STYLE=superscript  I STYLE=superscript  ,oo  o  l STYLE=superscript  '  4l STYLE=superscript  e§  to-day  amounted-to  6,000  bales,  of  which  T  h  'were  taken  on  speculation,  and  500  for  export.  ea  ola  e STYLE=superscript  Share  Market  remains  dull,  this  however,  ,tilli  o  :  )t STYLE=superscript  continue.  much  longer.  There  are  large  lae  r  ,  in  the  hands  of  the  public  for  investment  ith  as  well  as  in  London.  4e  ril  e  Produce  Markets  were  well  supplied.  The  'll  4  „  tt STYLE=superscript  !'d  vas  steady,  and  our  last  quotations  well  gari  e  ,cl.  VULLION  MARKET  AND  FOREIGN  EXCHANGES.  4iii:  give  the  current  price  of  Gold,  as  follows,  to  P  ore  the  merchant  in  calculating  the  rates  of  1  1  1  1;  i STYLE=superscript  tgn  Exchange,  by  the  actual  current  rates  of  V  0  . STYLE=superscript  ,,,as  last  reported  ;-  I  % STYLE=superscript  ,,tkr4rn)  775.  9d.  ;  Paris,  —;  Hamburgh,—  ;  Am 'Am'  4,  ~....7,  ---;  Vienna,  —;  St.  Petersburg,  -----;  Ber Ber\...  \... Ber\...  Xilan,  --•-;  Constantinople,  —;  Alexandria,  hyi  ii  , STYLE=superscript  Bomb  ay  ,  —;  Calcutta,  ;  Hong  Kong,—  ...,..  s  e  .  Y,  745.  91.  to  —s.  ;  Port  Phillip,  775.  3d;  Adelaide,  ileiv  'victoria  ,  775.  sa.  -  Ovens,  765.  6d.  ;  Montreal,  —;  ~....  York,  _____;  .BosLwn,  £3  17s.  9d.;  San  Francisco  ;  Mexigo,  ----  7.  ;  Brazils,  —.  N  eill  subjoin  a  return  of  the  Foreign  Exchanges  •ta  17  ated  according  to  the.  London  Mint  price  o:  A  tas  s•  104  d.  the  ounce  :  t STYLE=superscript  e,  .....  ,  te STYLE=superscript  „rdalii  short,  11  16i  to  -7-  17  ;  do,  3  months,  11  18  , STYLE=superscript  '&#34;,°:,.  Raterdam,  3  in.  11  18%  to  191  ;  Antwerp,  'tkat  il  Lu  d  5  to  40  ;  Brussels,  3  in.  25  35  to  40;  ,  107  i, STYLE=superscript  3 STYLE=superscript  In.  13  61.  to  71;  Paris,  short,  25  oto  `c  , STYLE=superscript  1  2  2  uo  3  in.  25  35  to  40  ;  Marseilles,  3  rn.  25  3Th;  t•(  19  1;  Pr'ankfort,  3m.  1201  to  1201  ;  Vienna,  3m.  11  15  to  a  m  Trieste  3m.  11  18  to  11  22;  Petersburgh,  371  I STYLE=superscript  ••ti  i  ,  , STYLE=superscript  Madrid,  3  m.  491-  to  50;  Cadiz,  3m.  50  to  50t  ;  41,  11.1, STYLE=superscript  3 STYLE=superscript  m.  30  10  to  30  20  ;  Genoa,  3m.  25  45  to  26  60;  ow  -1 STYLE=superscript  3 STYLE=superscript  In.  411  to  42;  Palermo  ,  3  in.  1241  to  1241;  .&#34;'  4  1.  1 STYLE=superscript  r,  ,, STYLE=superscript  3  ni.  1241  to  125  ;  Lisbon,  3  rn.  to  541;  Oporto,  xe  r  k  ,  `).  to  531  .  R.  Janeiro,  60  days,  28  to  291;  New  Ov  d  .  ditto,  109-Ito  110  ;  Boston,  ditto,  to  ;  Foreign  t STYLE=superscript  li  t  .  b  hr  T  hars_,  17s.  9d.  ;  Mexican  Dollars,  Os.  Od.  ;  Saver  'ills  6s  stand  ,  Os.  Od.  ;  East  India  Company's  Bills.  House  6  .16,  1  f,',  Calcutta  Co's  Rupee,  2s.  41d.  ;  BoMbay  do.  6mo.  I  '.  lo  i  k  c  ras,  -  Madras  do.,  2s.  41d  ;  Hong  Kong,  ss.  9d.  to  ,  lir  T  . STYLE=superscript  ;  Sydney  ,  30  ds.  %  dis.,  1  pr.  ;  Adelaide,  30  ds.  1  dis.,  .  df,'  ',  aunceston,  30  ds.,  1  dis.  1  pr.  ;  Hobart  Town,  30  ds.  44  44  t  i  p-  .  '•  ;  Wellington,  &amp;c.,  15  ds.,  1  dis.,  2pr.  •  Geelong  I STYLE=superscript  '.  1  (  j:  :,  (l STYLE=superscript  is.,  i  pr.  Alexandria  ,  991;  Shanghae,  7s.  Od.  to  *  Canton,  to  --.'  GALATZ,  OCT.  :7  STATE  OF  TRADE.  MANCHESTER,  TUESDAY.  41 STYLE=superscript  111  11 STYLE=superscript  e  I STYLE=superscript  larket  to-day  has  been  quiet,  but  rat  hc STYLE=superscript  *,,  ,,  kr  t  t STYLE=superscript  l-lan  for  several  Tuesdays  past.  The  do  wn STYLE=superscript  'ipti  t  „  en STYLE=superscript  deney  of  Water  Twist  is  arres  ted STYLE=superscript  from STYLE=superscript  the STYLE=superscript  ttN  turn-out  of  the  Wigan  Spinners.  Male  t  tt  l STYLE=superscript  ice  al STYLE=superscript  'e  less  in  demand,  but  firm  at  last  Tuesday's  I STYLE=superscript  '  , STYLE=superscript  In  Cloth  the  market  is  excee  din STYLE=superscript  g  l STYLE=superscript  y  irregu irregu-4 STYLE=superscript  -4 irregu-4  t  With  few  buyers,  prices  are  but  barely  tt  ,  e STYLE=superscript  ,  (l STYLE=superscript  .  The  turn-out  at  Presto  n, STYLE=superscript  Blackburn, STYLE=superscript  41e  co- STYLE=superscript  without  any  i  mme  diate  prospect  of  to,  N  kfi  li  cY,  settlement,  mid  the  threatened  turn-out  Vt  r  il  lt STYLE=superscript  eY;  Baeup,  &amp;c.,  will  add  to  the  numbers  Ski  i  n  '  o  e•  The  stoppages  will  in  time  have  a'bene a'benet4,'lll4-I;uence  t4,'lll4-I;uence a'benet4,'lll4-I;uence  on  the  market,  and  .prevent  stocks  '  a STYLE=superscript  ting  at  too  rapid  a  rate,  while  the  demane  t  ,  dueB STYLE=superscript  S  9  restricted.  klN'  4 STYLE=superscript  ,  :  inent  firm  in  their  circular  of  to-day  A.  Ar,,c)l4  alias  been  a  somewhat  more  cheerful  tone  1.1  1  4 STYLE=superscript  1;e  t  karket  to-day,  the  result  of  a  firmer  Cotton  1  4  e4  O  !t  , STYLE=superscript  Liverpool  yesterday,  and  of  the  mills  at  r  c  o  n STYLE=superscript  being  closed,  with  the  prospects  of  a  simi-  RtllN  e  following  before  the  end  of  the  month  ° STYLE=superscript  ln  i''  e STYLE=superscript  Y  and  Bacup.  The  accounts  by  the  ma  il STYLE=superscript  file  Cal STYLE=superscript  cuttn  and  Bombay  have  aISO  led  to  ra  ther STYLE=superscript  ran  buying  for  those  markets,  so  that  sellers  have  Pri  cey  :pore  confidence  than  previously.  The  than  i  Goods  remain  without  further  change  hi  g  i  i  'L  .  sedfirmness,  Yarns  are  also  more  firm  prices  being  TURKEY  AND  RUSSIA.  FROM  OUR  LONDON  CORRESPONDENT  LONDON,  TUESDAY  AFTERNOON.  Events  seem  now  to  be  proceeding  in  a  regular  course  - STYLE=superscript  .  Diplomacy  being  essentially  secret,  sur surrounded  rounded surrounded  by  arbitrary  systems  of  checks  and  ba balances,  lances, balances,  and  r  tirtaking  in  no  small  measure  of  the  arts  of  intrigue,  is,  in  its  progress,  always  unsatisfactory,  because  the  means  adopted  to  attain  the  end;  not  being  visible,  cannot  be  popularly  comprehended.  Very  different  is  it  with  events.  For  the  most  part  they  point  to  a  conclusion  easily  understood—they  are  resting  places  for  the  attention,  and  everybody,  whatever  their  amount  of  information,  or  the  character  of  their  judgment;  is  able  to  calculate  their  consequences  for  himself.  I  acquainted„  you  yesterday  with  the  substance  of  the  Manifesto  addressed  by  the  Porte  to  its  own  subjects  and  to  the  PoWers,  informing  them  that  war,  under  conditions,  had  been  declared  against  Russia.  .We  learn  to-day  that  Omer  Pacha,  con  formably  to  the  terms  of  this  notification,  has  called  upon  Count  Gortschakoff,  the  Russian  commander commandern-chief  n-chief commandern-chief  upon  the  Danube,  to  evacuate  the.  two  Principalities,  and  informed  him  that  if  a.negative  rnsi,ver  was  returned  within  a  period  of  fifteen  days,  aostilities  would  be  commenced.  From  Vienna  we  hear  by  telegraph  that  the  RuSsian  commander-in commander-inehief  ehief commander-inehief  will  neither  fight  nor  run  away  answer  of  the  Russian  commander-in-chief  is  to  the  effect  that  he  is  neither  authorised  to  commence  hostilities,  nor  to  conclude  peace,  nor  to  evacuate  the  The  meaning  of  this  is  that  the  Russian  forces  will  maintain  a  defensive  posi position,  tion, position,  and  abide  the  issue  of  the  Turks'  attack.  The  answer  of  the  Cos  Sack  seems,  from  this,  summary,  to  have  'been  both  laconic  and  insolent,  two  quali qualities  ties qualities  which  all  the  Russian  documents  on  this  ques;  flan  have  hitherto  presented,  in  a  degree  unequalled  since  the  bulletins  of  the  revolutionary  commanders  of  Frande.  On  a  consideration  of  dates,hoivever,  it  will  turn  out  that  this  . STYLE=superscript  procurante  reply  amounts  only  to  a  military  acknowledgment  of  the  notification  sent  by.Omer.Pacha.  The  demand  might  or  might  not  excite  indignation  in  the  breast  of  Count  'Goit 'Goitschakoff,  schakoff, 'Goitschakoff,  but  in  order  not  to  commit  himself  in  any  way  whatever,  he  would  necessafily  refer  to  St.  Petersburgh  for  instructions.  This  was  fore foreseen  seen foreseen  all  along  at  Constantinople,  hence  the'fifteen  days  notice.  This  view  is  confirmed  by  the  Cologne  Gazette,  which  says  Hostilities  will  not  ne  cessarily  begin  even  yet,  as  the  Russian  com commander-in-chief,  mander-in-chief, commander-in-chief,  in  reference  to  the  period  fixed  by  Diner  Pacha,  meant  that  he  must  receive  instruc instructions  tions instructions  from  St.  But  let  me  refer  to  the  dates.  We  know  that  the  summons  to  evacuate  the  Principalities  was  delivered  at  the  Russian  head-quarters  on  the  9th.  The  fifteen  days  would  therefore  expire  on  the  24th,  next  Monday..  It  is  not  possible,  owing  to  the  distances  to  be  traversed,  that  supposing  'the  Russian  commander  imme immediately  diately immediately  forwarded  the  demand  to  St.  Petersburgh,  that  he  could  have  had  positive  instructions  in  reply,  in  less:than  ten  days—that  is,  until  the  day  on  which  this  letter  will  be  before  your  readers  ;  but  even  if  this  were  practicable,  it  would  be  physically  impossible  that  we  here  in  London  could  know  anything  about  it  to-day.  But  as  only  a  few  days  would  elapse,  at  the.  most,  before  Gort Gortschakoff  schakoff Gortschakoff  would  acknowledge  the  receipt  of  the  de demand,  mand, demand,  if  indeed  he  did  not  acknowledge  it  imme immediately,  diately, immediately,  and  this  is  about  the  time  we  should  hear  the  result  as  far  as  concerned  the  army.  The  in inference  ference inference  is  clear  that  the  reply  is  not  that  from  St.  Petersburgh,  but  only  that  from  the  General.  The  Czar,  however,  as  I  stated  yesterday,  was  aware  of.  the  nature  of  the  manifesto  ;  it  renders  rim  furious,  and  he  was  said  to  declare  in  his  fury  hat  the  war  should  be  one  of  extermination.  Taking  these  circumstances  to  be  on  the.  whole  ,xact,  in  the  French  sense  of  the  word,  we  may  an anticipate  ticipate anticipate  pretty  nearly  what,  the  Cabinet  of  St'.  Pe Petersburgh  tersburgh Petersburgh  will.  say  to  Omer  Pacha's  requisition.  They  will  refuse  compliance,  and  war  will  result.  But  here  diplomacy  interposes,  seeing  that  the  combatants  can  effect  nothing  decisive  for  five  or  six  months,  and  we  are  given  to  hope  that  a  basis  for  peace  has  already  been  framed.  Coincident  with  it,  very  large  preparations  are  being  made  by  the  interposing  powers,  whilst  we  are  assured  that  Austria  and  Prussia,  will  maintain  strict  neutrality.  In  this  state  of  things,  the  events  themselves  point  to  a  contest  nominally  between  Turkey  and  Russia,  but  substantially  between  Russia  alone  against  England,  France,  and  Turkey.  Russia  has  undoubtedly  considerable  means  of  annoyance  against  the  W  oo  torn  powerb,  but  with  Austria  and STYLE=superscript  Prussia  neutral,  she  cannot  kindle  a  general  Euro European  pean European  war.  The  contest  will  be  confined  to  Asia  and  the  waters  of  the  Black  Sea.  We  have  not  heard  much  lately  of  the  efforts  of  the  Greeks  to  establish  themselves  at  Constanti Constantinople,  nople, Constantinople,  as  a  barrier  kingdom  against  the  westward  encroachments  of  Russia  ;  but  the  Levant  mail  which  arrived  the  other  day,  brought  us  a  host  of  newspapers  and  pamphlets,  winch  show  that  the  consummation  is  yet  looked  for.  One  of  theSe,  Spectateur  de  L'Orient,&#34;  a  fortnightly  peri periodical,  odical, periodical,  published  at  Athens,  fell,  with  others  into  my  hands  this  morning  I  do  not  mean  to  c.nn•  mit  either  you  or  myself  to  the  views  it  puts  forth  for  some  of  them  are  extravagant,  and  others  inexpedient  :  but  I  may  just  transcribe  the  con conclusions  clusions conclusions  of  a  writer  who  has  discussed  with  con•  siderable  impartiality  and  much  knowledge;  the  ifferent  probable  solutions'  of  the  Eastern  ques quesion.  ion. quesion.  He  says,-  Ist,  Turkey  cannot  be  saved  or  sustained  .either  by  civilization,  which  is  contrary  to  its  ssence,  nor  by  returning  to  barbarism,  its  nomi-  nal  condition.  2nd.  That  its  preservation  can  only  be  profit profitable  able profitable  to  its  powerful  neighbour.  3rd.  That  instead  of  prolonging  its  precarious  existence,  which  gives  rise  to  incalculable  dangers,  the  Powers,  now  they  are  masters  of  the  situation,  ought  to  brin  g  it  to  an  end.  4th.  That  in  the  interests  of  the  general  balance  of  power,  a  Christian  Empire  ought  to  be  founded  at  Constantinople,  sufficiently  powerful  and  compact  to  resist  sudden  attacks  and  external  influences  ;  a  civilized  and  progressive  power  allied  to  Russia  by  religion,  and  to  Western  Europe  by  ideas  and  interests.  Then  it  was  contended,  that  the  Greeks  are  just  the  people  to  be  selected  for  this  high  purpose.  So  far  as  I  have  been  able  to  observe,  I  do  not  see  any  signs  whatever,  of  these  views  making  progress  either  in  England  or  France.  There  is  too  much  jealousy  of  Russian  influence  in  both  countries  at  the  present  moment,  to  admit  of  their  being  regarded  with  much  favour.  The  funds  are  without  material  alteration.  The  annexed  intelligence  has  also  been  forwarded  by  submarine  telegraph  Omer  Paella  has  declared  that  vessels  sailing  under  a  neutral  flag  will  be  allowed  to,  pass  on  the  Danube  till  the  25th  inst.  Bessarabia,  Bulgaria,  and  the  Danubian  Principalities,  the  smaller  rivers  and  mountain  streams  are  dried  up.  The  Wallachian  Militia,  who  were  detached  along  the  bank  of  the  Danube,  have  been  ordered  to  march  upon  Bucharest,  where  they  will  act  as  garvison.  The  Russian  subjects  in  Turkey  are  from  the  Ist  of  October  to  be  placed  under  the  protection  of  The  Parisian  - STYLE=superscript  advices  of  Monday  state  that  the  English  and  Prussian  Ambassadors  had  had  a  long  conference  with  the  French  Minister  for  Foreign  Affairs,  and  there  was  a  talk  in  the  diplomatic  circles  of  a  new  proposition  for  an  arrangement  of  the  Eastern  question  by  England,  France,  and  Prussia,  independently  of  Austria.  A  German  journal  also  speaks  of  a  proposition  by  the  Three  Allied  unconnected  with  the  conference  of  Vienna.  This  is  the  first  time,  I  says  the  correspondent  of  a  contemporary,  we  have  heard  of  'the  Three  Courts.'  It  is  probable,  therefore,  that  something  of  this  kind  has  been  in  contemplation  ;  but  the  last  accounts  from  Vienna  may  have  modified  the  intentions  of  the  parties.  Up  to  this  moment,  however,  the  French  Ministers  say  that  there  is  still  a  prospect  of  maintaining  ,av  :  i  peace.  I  RE  - STYLE=superscript  LA  - STYLE=superscript  X  D  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  TUESDAY  THE  FATAL  RAILWAY  ACCIDENT.  CONCLUSION  OF  THE  INQUEST  AT  NAAS.  At  eleven  o'clock  yesterday  morning  the  Coroner  - STYLE=superscript  took  his hisseat  seat hisseat  on  the  bench,  with  Captain  Tyler  beside  him.  Several  of  the  Company's  directors,  and  a  number  of  County  Kil Kildare  dare Kildare  grand  jurors  were  present  during  the  course  of  the  day.  At  the  opening  of  the  proceedings,  Dr.  Hayes  read  a  letter  from  the  Attorney-General  declining  to  appoint  any  crown  counsel  for  his  assistance.  This  communication  was  in  answer  to  one  from  the  •coroner  at  the  commencement  of  the  inquest,  which,  however,  Mr.  Brewster  did  not  receive  til  a  few  days  ago,  in  consequence  of  his  being  in  Scotland.  The  jury  having  been  called  over,  Mr.  Millar  was  briefly  re-examined,  with  a  view  of  explaining  a  statement  that  he  had  made  on  a  previous  day,  to  the  effect  that  a  hand-lamp  was  not  a  sufficient  signal  to  stop  a  train.  What  he  meant  was,  that  it  was  quite  possible  for  an  engine-driver  to  pass  such  a  light,  but  if  he  kept  a  proper  look  out  he  would  see  everything.  Captain  Collis,  of  the  Times  Steamer,  was  the  next  wit witness  ness witness  examined.  The  depositions  of  Messrs.  Hutchinson,  Barrington,  and  O'Connor,  were  read  over  to  him,  and  he  cor corroborated  roborated corroborated  them.  He  was  questioned  by  Mr.  Fitzgibbon  as  o.his  knowledge  'of  steam-engines  and  signal  lights  from  as  capacity  as  master  of  a  steamer,  but  nothing  in  this  way  naterial  to  the  case  was  elicited.  It  was  stated  by  Mr.  Fitzgibbon,  that  Captain  Collis  was  under  a  mistake  as  to  he  danger  of  the.  boiler  exploding  ;  the  safety  valve  was  all  right,  and  could  prevent  that,  and.  Gass  merely  got  on  the  mgine  to  reverse  it,  when  Captain  Collis  thought  it  was  to  blow  off  the  steam.  Several  officials  of  the  company  were  then  examined  relative  to  the  lighting  of  the  tail  and  side  lamps;  and  from  their  evidence  it  appeared  that  the  general  managing  of  the  lighting  department  was  in  the  hands  of  a  Mr.  Boake,  who  was  liable  to  the  correction  of  Mr.  Ilberry.  Mr.  Ilberry,  a  few  days  previous  to  the  accident,  had  given  instructions  to  his  clerk,  Mr.  Haynes,  to  have  a  tail  lamp  sent  to  Kildare,  to  be  affixed  to  the  express  train  whenever  it  was  behind  its  time,  and  therefore  might  not  arrive  in  Dub  lin STYLE=superscript  till  after  dusk.  These  instructions  Haynes  gave  to  Boake,  and  on  Monday,  the  day  before  the  accident,  a  tail-lamp  was  sent  down  to  Kildare,  with  a  piece  of  paper  affixed,  telling  the  station  master  to  place  this  lamp  on  the  express  train.  This  was  done  on  Monday,  when,  however,  Haynes  seeing  the  train  arrive  without  side-lights,  asked  Mr.  Ilberry  if  he  intended  there  should  be  side-lights  as  well  as  a  tail-light.  Ilberry  answered  and  the  side-lights  were  sent  down,  but  without  any  additional  instructions,  They  were  not  therefore  placed  on  the  train  at  Kildare,  but  the  tail taillight  light taillight  was  as  on  the  day  previous  ;  that  it  must  have  been  extinguished  in  some  manner  is  certain,  as  all  the  witnesses  were  unanimous  in  swearing  there  was  no  tail-light  on  the  rain  to  which  the  accident  happened.  This  closed  the  evidence,  after  which  the  jury  were  ad adtressed  tressed adtressed  by  Mr.  Fitzgibbon,  Q.C.,  on  the  part  of  Berry  the  ruard  of  the  express  train,  and  by  Mr.  Curran  for  Gass  and  )'Nara,  the  engine-driver  and  stoker  of  the  goods  train.  The  coroner  having  then  charged  the  jury,  they  retired  at  calf-past  four  to  consider  their  verdict.  Mr.  Fitzgerald,  when  the  jury  had  retired,  congratulated  the  county  of  Kildare  on  the  mode  in  which  this  inquiry  had  been  conducted.  With  the  concurrence  of  the  company,  he  was  anxious  to  allude  to  two  gentlemen  who  took  an  active  part  on  the  occasion  of  this  melancholy  occurrence.  One  of  the  gentlemen,  Mr.  William  Kennedy,  displayed  an  amount  of  firmness,  presence  of  mind,  and  foresight,  scarcely  xedible.  Not  only  did  he  lend  his  own  personal  exertions,  out  he  directed  everything  to  be  done  that  the  coolest  man  ander  - STYLE=superscript  the  circumstances  could  have  thought  of.  The  other  gentleman  to  whom  he  alluded  was  the  Hon.  Edward  Law Lawless,  less, Lawless,  who  in  like  manner  assisted,  and,  as  he  was  informed,  placed  his  house  at  the  service  of  the  sufferers.  The  children  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  M'Swiney,  and  the  child  of.  Mr.  Knapp,  were  removed  to  it,  and  were  being  taken  care  of  under  the  superintendence  of  his  good  lady.  THE  VERDICT.  _  .  .  MUNICIPAL  ELECTIONS  AT  MANCHESTER,  The  jury,  after  the  lapse  of  several  hours,  returned  into  court  at  half-past  seven  O'clock.  The  Coroner,  having  called  over  their  names,  asked  whether  they  had  agreed  to  their  verdict.  The  Foreman  replied  in  the  affirmative.  The  Coroner  then  read  the  finding  as  follows  We  find  that  the  deceased,  Thomas  W.  Jelly,  and  others,  died  at  Clownings,  in  the  parish  of  Whitechurch,  and  county  of  Kildare,  on  Wednesday,  the  sth  day  of  October,  1853,  from  injuries  received  by  the  collision  on  the  Great  Southern  and  Western  Railway  on  the  same  day.  We  find  that  the  said  collision  was  caused  by  the  negligence  of  James  Gass,  the  engine  driver,  and  'John  O'Hara,  the  stoker  of  the  pick pickup  up pickup  and  goods  train.  We,  therefore  find  James  Gass  and  John  O'Hara  guilty  of  the  manslaughter  of  the  said  Thomas  W.  The  Foreman  read  the  following  statement  The  jury  were  about  to  draw  the  attention  of  the  directors  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  ireat  Southern  and  Western  Railway  to  some  matters  which  hey  think  require  amendment  and  alteration  in  the  working  1  their  line  ;  but  as  they  are  aware  that  the  Government  have  ;ent  over  Lieutenant  Tyler,  the  Government  Inspector  of  Railways,  to  make  au  inquiry  into  the  subject,  they  consider  that  they  exercise  a  wise  discretion  in  leaving  the  matter  in  his  hands,  satisfied  he  will  make  such  a  report  as  will  effect  i  3  xlci..zusaLs.  IL.  I  t  11,13114  and  painful  investigation  to  a  conclusion,  we  feel  it  incum incumbent  bent incumbent  on  us  to  state  that  we  have  minutely  examined  the  rules  and  regulations  which  have  beenissued  by  the  directors  to  their  officials.  These  rules  and  regulations  reflect  the  highest  credit  on  the  judgment  of  their  authors,  and  are  well  calculated  to  secure  the  lives  and  property  of  the  passengers.  It  is  our  conviction  that  no  culpability  can  attach  to  the  company  on  account  of  the  late  fatal  colli collision,  sion, collision,  but,  on  the  contrary,  we  consider  them  fully  entitled  to  the  public  confidence  which  they  have  hitherto  en enjoyed.  joyed. enjoyed.  ROBART,  For  self  and  Mr.  Fitzgibbon  said  that  of  course  Berry  was  discharged,  there  being  no  finding  with  respect  to  him.  Coroner—Certainly.  The  Foreman  said  that  he  hoped  the  coroner  would  make  a  r  epresentation  to  the  grand  jury  to  have  the  jury  compen compensated  sated compensated  for  loss  of  time.  .  The  Coroner  replied  that  the  grand  jury  had  not  the  least  d  that  Gass  might  be  admitted  to  bail.  power  l STYLE=superscript  hre.  iC STYLE=superscript  C  nu STYLE=superscript  o  tu STYLE=superscript  r  h STYLE=superscript  o  ae STYLE=superscript  n  n STYLE=superscript  e  ni STYLE=superscript  r  aap STYLE=superscript  s  t STYLE=superscript  a  pt STYLE=superscript  i  el STYLE=superscript  d  ire. STYLE=superscript  that  if  he  felt  he  was  legally  entitled  to  take  bail,  he  would  tell  him  most  candidly  that  he  would  willingly  do  so  ;  but  he  did  not  think  that  he  had  suel  power.  Gass  and  O'Hara  were  then  committed  to  stand  their  trial  at  the  next  assizes  of  Kildare,  on  the  coroner's  warrant.  The  inquest  on  the  body  of  Joseph  Sherwood,  who  died  at  Madame  Stephen's  Hospital,  of  .  Injuries  received  by  the  collision  has  been  further  adjourned  till  Friday  next.  The  four  sufferers  in  the  hospital  are  progressing  favour favourably,  ably, favourably,  but  Mrs.  Blucher  who  still  lies  at  Straffan  station,  has  had  a  serious  turn  for  the  worse.  The  infant  daughter  of  Mr.  Knapps  is  also  in  a  very  precarious  state.  DEATH  OF  MAJOR  FAIRFIELD.—To-day  is  announced  the  death  of  Major  Fairfield,  a  gentleman  much  respected  here.  He  was  the  agent  for  the  extensive  estates  (amounting  to  £53,000  per  annum,)  of  the  Right  Hon.  Sydney  Herbert,  in  the  County  and  City  of  Dublin,  and  a  distinguished  member  of  the  Exhibition  Comnaittee.  He  died  yesterday  morning,  shortly  after  midnight,  at  his  residence,  Mount  Merrion,  Blackrock.  CHARGE  OF  ATTEMPTED  POISONING  OF  SIX  CHILDREN.—  At  College-street  Police-office,  yesterday,  Margaret  Mullen,  was  brought  up  in  custody  of  Police-constable  174  B,  charged  with  attempt  to  poison  six  children,  under  the  circum circumstances  stances circumstances  which  appear  in  evidence.  •  Constable  37  B  deposed  that,  being  on  duty  in  Trinity-street,  on  Sunday  last,  between  two  and  three  o'clock,  he  was  informed  that  six  children  had  been  poisoned  in  the  house  No.  1,  St.  Andrew Andrewstreet.  street. Andrewstreet.  Proceeding  immediately  to  the  house,  he  found  the  children,  whose  names  were  Edward,  Charlotte,  ana  George  Graham,  Edward  Reilly,  John  M'Dermott,  &amp;  M.  M'Dermott,  some  in  bed  and  some  on  the  floor,  but  all  retching;  they  were  immediately  conveyed  by  him  to  Mercer's  Hospital,  were  they  were  put  under  the  treatment  of  Dr.  Butcher  and  the  resident  apothecary.  Police-constable  174  B  deposed  that,  being  called  on  by  37  B,  he  arrested  the  prisoner  on  the  lobby  of  the  house.  She  appeared  somewhat  excited  ;  she  stated  she  had  given  the  children  the  contents  of  a  bottle  of  sugar  of  lead,  for  the  purpose  of  making  them  merry,  telling  them  it  was  whiskey.  One  of  the  children,  however,  said  it  was  not  whiskey.  The  prisoner,  having  been  duly  cautioned,  made  a  statement  similar  to  that  mentioned  by.  174  B,  adding  that  the  had  been  given  to  her  in  an  hospital,  but•  that  her  only  motive  in  giving  it  to  the  children  was  to  make  merry.  The  children  were,  at  the  time  when  the  poison  was  administered,  playing  together  in  an  empty  room  of  the  house.  In  the  absence  of  Dr.  But Butcher  cher Butcher  and  the  resident  apothecary  of  the  hospital,  the  prisoner  was  remanded  until  this  day  (Tuesday).  -ut  MEETING  IN  THE  CORN  EXCHANGE.  A  public  meeting  of  the  citizens  of  Collegiate  Church  Ward,  was  held  in  the  Corn  Exchange,  Manchester,  on  Monday  night,  for  the  purpose  of  hearing  an  address  from  Mr.  James  Collinge  (one  of  the  candidates  for  the  represen representation  tation representation  of  the  ward  in  the  city  Council),  who  stated  in  a  circu circular,  lar, circular,  a  copy  of  - STYLE=superscript  which  was  sent  to  every  burgess  in  the  ward,  that  would  be  glad  to  answer  any  legitimate  question'  that  might  be  fairly  put  to  The  meeting  was  nume numerously  rously numerously  attended.  •  The  chair  was  occupied  by  .  Mr.  GEORGE  COOPER,  Esq.,  of  Churchrstreet,  who,  in  opening  the  business  of  the  meeting,  stated  that  he  had  been  requested  by  a  number  of  the  citi citizens  zens citizens  of  the  ward  to  introduce  Mr.  Collinge  as  a  very  suitable  person  to  represent  the  Collegiate  Church  Ward  in  the  City  Council,  and  that  he  had  very  great  pleasure  in  doing  so.  As  for  himself,  personally,  his  object  was  not  to  speak  in  favour  of  one  candidate  more  than  he  would  for  another,  thinking  it  the  better  plan  to  let  each  rest  upon  his  own  merits.  Mr.  COLLINGE,  the  candidate  in  opposition  to  the  return  of  the  sitting  councillor,  Mr.  Craston,  then  addressed  the  meeting  at  great  length.  He  said  he  thought  it  was  im important  portant important  in  the  first  instance,  that  the  meeting  should  under understand  stand understand  their  real  position,  and  for  that  purpose  he  would  take  the  liberty  of  making  a  statement  or  two,  bearing  upon  the  conduct  of  the  elections,  from  the  Municipal  Election  Act.  The  first  has  reference  to  the  previous  qualifications,  for  a  person  who  aspired  at  the  office  of  councillor  ;  and  the  next  was,  that  the  Municipal  Act  required,  that  the  whole  pro proceedings  ceedings proceedings  be  disposed  of  in  one  day,  between  7  a.m:  and  4  p.m.  And,  therefore,  strictly  speaking,  it  was  a  breach  of  the  law  to  hold  any  meetings  previous  to  the  day  of  election,  and  even  on  that  day  the  persons  entitled  to  vote  were  required  to  assemble  openly,  if  they  met  at  all.  Mr.  Collinge  went  on  to  state  that  it  was  not  correct  to  say  that  it  was  factious  on  the  'part  of  any  citizen  to  refuse  to  attend  private  meetings  held  for  electioneering  purposes.  He  contended,  that  the  meeting  held  in  the  Millstone  publlc-house,  Tho  - STYLE=superscript  ma's-street,  at  which  (it  was  'waved,  Mr.  Craston,  the  retiring'  councillor,  should  be  re-elected)  was  not  a  public  meeting  within  the  meaning  of  the  act,  but  that  it  was  a  hole-and-corner  meeting,  because  it  was  held  .in  a  public publichouse,  house, publichouse,  but  not  in  a  public  place  of  meeting,  such  as  the,  Corn  Exchange,  in  which  they  were  then  assemb  led. STYLE=superscript  (  Hear, STYLE=superscript  hear).  Mr.  Collinge  stated  that  he  had  several  reasons  for  coming  forward  on  the  present  occasion.  One  was,  that  there  were  a  body  of  intelligent  and  influential  citizens  in  the  ward,  who  thought  they  were  fairly  entitled  to  take  a  part  in  the  management  - STYLE=superscript  of  their  own  local  affairs  and  who  ought  to  interest  themselves  in  the  return  of  at  least  one  member,  (out  of  three  representatives  in  the  council  from  the  ward)  who  were  identified  with  warehouse  property,  that  description  of  property  bearing  a  vast  preponderance  over  the  other  de description  scription description  of  property  in  the  ward.  The  assessments  for  rates  in  the  ward,  so  far  as  regarded  shops,  have  no  proportion,  he  contended,  to  the  assessments  upon  warehouses  in  the  ward.  The  firm  who  had  a  large  warehouse  in  his  (Mr.  Collinge's)  own  locality  paid,  he  understood,  a  short  time  ago,  no  less  a  sum  than  £4OO  per  annum  for  poor  rates  alone.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Collinge  went  on  to  say  that  he  saw  no  reason  why  such  citizens  as  Mr.  Cooper  should  be  denied  the  oppor opportunity  tunity opportunity  of  taking  a  share  in  the  management  of  th  eir STYLE=superscript  own STYLE=superscript  business  in  local  matters,  but  that  from  what  he  knew  of  Mr.  Cooper,  he  was  certain  he  would  suffer  a  great  deal,  perhaps  enormous  evils,  in  the  way  of  taxation,  sooner  than  submit  to  the  clamour,  badgering,  and  abuse  of  a  contested  election.  (Hear,  hear.)  On  the  other  hand,  he  (Mr.  Col Collingo)  lingo) Collingo)  would  say,  with  equal  confidence,  that  should  the  citi citizens  zens citizens  see  fit  to  place  Mr.  Cooper  in  the  important  position  of  their  representativ,  he  (Mr.  Cooper)  would  be  as  resolute  in  the  defence  and  maintenance  of  their  rights  and  independence  as  he  would  be  gentle  in  enforcing  those  rights  and  claims.  And  that  would  readily  be  admitted  by  all  who  were  ac acquainted  quainted acquainted  with  Mr.  Cooper's  general  principles  —with  his  high  sense  of  justice,  with  his  coolness  of  temper,  and  with  his  soundness  of  judgment,  in  all  the  trasactions  and  relations  of  life.  (Hear,  hear.)  Another  reason  why  he  (Mr.  Collinge)  came  forward  on  this  occasion  was  this,  that  there  were  citizens  residing  in  the  ward  who  asserted  that  the  local  taxation  was  not  only  excessive,  but  that  the  town  did  not  receive  corresponding  advantage  in  return.  (Hear,  hear.)  In  order  to  obtain  information  upon  the  point,  he  had  written  directly  and  indirectly  to  the  following  places  :—London,  Leeds,  Liverpool,  Sheffield,  Birmingham,  Stockport,  Rochdale,  and  Bolton.  And  he  was  satisfied  after  a  careful  examination  of  the  answers  he  had  received,  which  he  held  in  his  hand,  that  all  was  correct  to'  say  that  the  local  taxation  of  Manchester  was  excessive,  especially  the  indirect  taxation,  for  he  found  that  the  citi citizens  zens citizens  of  Manchester  were  paying  for  gas  considerably  more  than  the  inhabitants  at  Sheffield,  Leeds,  Liverpool,  Roch Rochdale,  dale, Rochdale,  and  Bolton.  (Hear,  hear).  He  was  the  more  surprised  to  find,  after  the  professions  which  had  been  made,  that  the  indirect  taxation  of  Manchester  exceeded  that  of  any  other  place  with  which  he  was  acquainted.  He  could  not  recon reconcile  cile reconcile  that  with  all  free-trade  theories  that  had  been  promul promulgated,  gated, promulgated,  for  he  should  have  thought  that  had  the  corporation  been  sincere  in  entertaining  such  views,  they  would  have  More  directly  acted  upon  them.  (Hear,  hear).  Another  reason  for  his  coming  forward  on  the  present  occasion  was  this,  that  some  of  the  burgesses  of  the  ward  were  of  opinion  that  they  ought  to  have  a  change  in  the  constitution  of  the  Council,  so  far  as  the  representation  of  the  ward  was  con concerned,  cerned, concerned,  as  there  was  not  wanting  evidence  to  shew  that  a  annipstic  (pipstion  lind  been  'or  a  lone  time  made  a  rut  )  , STYLE=superscript  uue,  tutO.  WOURI  in  au  piotmoincy  unless  the  electors  were  resolved  to  assert  their  indepen independence.  dence. independence.  (Hear,  hear).  And  the  worst  feature  connected  with  the  matter,  was  the  fact,  that  since  Manchester  became  a  corporation,  the  councillors,  with  two  or  three  exceptions,  elected  for  that  ward  had  been  the  nominees  of  gentlemen  in  office  at  the  .time  of  nomination.  Thus,  the  Town  Council  was  virtually  ',allowed  to  elect  its  own  members.  Was  that  becoming  the  dignity  and  independence  of  Englishmen,  and  of  patriotic  subjects  and  citizens?  (Hear,  of,  For  these  reasons  and  many  others,  he  concurred  in  the  opinion  with  'hose  who  thought  that  an  occasional  exchange  of  repre repre-datives  -datives repre-datives  in  the  City  Council  would  be  both  wholesome  and  'ficial.  (Cheers).  GENTLEMAN,  whose  name  W  3  did  not  ascertain,  asked  .her  Mr.  Collinge,  if  elected,  would  bringin  or  support  a  motion  in  the  council  for  the  abolition  of  the  office  held  by  Captain  Willis.  Mr.  COLLINGE  said,  if  he  understood  the  matter  rightly,  Captain  Willis  was  the  chief  constable  of  the  city,  and  therefore,  he  could  no  more  support,  or  originate  a  motion  )r  the  abolition  of  the  office,  than  he  could  a  motion  in  your  of  the  removal  of  a  merchant  or  manufacture?  from  3ng  the  head  of  his  own  establishment,  (Cheers.)  The  was  as  essential  as  the  other,  each  in  his  own  place  [ear,  hear.)  Mr.  Collinge  was  then  asked  whether  he  would  support  motion  for  the  reduction  of  the  gas  rate  ?  He  said  he  ould  most  certainly  feel  it  his  duty  to  do  so.  Mr.  SHEPPARD  enquired,  for  his  own  guidance,  and  for  e  guidance  of  those  who  acted  with  him,  whether  Mr.  allin  g  e  intended  going  to  the  poll.  (A  laugh.)  Mr. STYLE=superscript  .  Col Colage STYLE=superscript  age Colage  :My  reply  is—most  certainly.  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  BERRIE  (Oldham-street)  seconded  r  Mr.  Burton,  (Oldham-street,)  the  motion  was  unani unaniously  ously unaniously  agreed  to,  and  the  meeting  shortly  afterwards  coke  up.  .  ST.  JAMES'S  WARD.—On  Monday  night  a  public  meeting  of  the  electors  of  the  ward  was  held  in  the  Railway  Inn,  Deansgate,  when  the  opposing  candidates,  Messrs.  Thomas  Goadsby  and  Charles  Clarke,  addressed  .the  meeting  at  con considerable  siderable considerable  length.  At  the  close  of  the  meeting  the  show  of  hands  were  in  favour  •  of  Mr.  Goadsby,.  the  councillor  who  retires  by  rotation.  OXFORD  WARD.—A  meeting  of  the  committee  for  pro promoting  moting promoting  the  return  of  Mr.  James  Blake,  was  held  on  Monday  night  at  the  Fleece  Inn,  Blown-street,  when  Mr.  Macbeth  occupied  the  chair.  The  canvassers  made  statements  as  to  the  returns  in  their  books,  which  were  of  a  very  cheering  character,  and  were  received  with  the  greatest  acclamation.  BANK  OF  MANCHESTER.—The  Annual  General  Meeting  of  the  proprietors  of  this  bank  was  held  yesterday  (Tuesday)  forenoon,  at  the  banking-house  of  the  company,  Brown-street,  when  the  annual  report  was  presented  and  directors  elected  for  the  ensuing  year  in  the  place-of  those  who  retired.  The  proceedings  were  strictly  of  a  private  character.  FlRE.—Yesterday  morning  information  was  brought  to  the  Town's  Yard,  Clarence-street,  Man Manchester;  chester; Manchester;  that  the  premises  of  Mr.  Nowell,  who  keeps  the  Exchange  Dining  Rooms,  St.  Mary's-gate,  were  on  'fire.  An  engine,  with  a  strong  body  of  firemen,  was  taken  to  the  spot,  when  it  was  ascertained  that  the  fire  had  been  extinguished  through  the  exertions  of  two  policemen.  The  fire,  it  appears,  originated  in  and  was  con confined  fined confined  to  the  kitchen,  where  a  quantity  of  clothes,  which  had  been  hung  up,  to  dry,  took  fire  during  the  night.  The  damage  done  is  trifling.  PROPOSED  DISTRICT  AGRICULTURAL,  POULTRY,  AND  HORTICULTURAL  EXHIBITION  AT  SHREWSBURY.—Yester SHREWSBURY.—Yesterday,  day, SHREWSBURY.—Yesterday,  at  twelve  o'clock,  a  public  meeting  was  held  at  the  Guild  Hall,  Shrewsbury,  the  Right  Worshipful  the  Mayor  ALARMING  RAILWAY  ACCIDENT.—On  Sunday  last  in  the  chair  for  the  purpose  of  considering  the  desirability  an  accident  occurred  on  the  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Rail-  of  establishing  an  annual  cattle  show,  and  horticultural  way,  which  had  nearly  been  attended  with  most  disastrous  show,  also  an  exhibition  of  poultry,  at  Shrewsbury.—The  results.  A  luggage  train  running  from  Normanton  to  Liver-  Mayor  having  briefly  explained  the  object  of  the  meeting,  pool,  consisting  of  23  waggons  and  a  guard-van,  reached  called  upon  Mr.  John  Mein  to  move  the  first  resolution,  a  point  at  Darcy  Lever,  about  1  miles  from  Bolton,  at  That  the  establishment  of  an  annual  cattle  show  and  seven  minutes  past  ten  o'clock  in  the  morning,  when  the  other  live  stock,  and  poultry  show,  in  Shrewsbury,  will  be  axle-tree  broke  of  the  eighth  waggon  from  the  Engine.  of  great  public  advantage,  and  is  well  deserving  of  the  The  guard  having  become  aware  of  the  circumstance,  applied  cordial  support  of  all  friends  to  agriculture  in  Shropshire  his  break  and  leaped  off  the  train,  which  continued  its  course  and  North  Mr.  Meire  argued  at  great  length,  that  down  !ran  inclined  plane,  o  f  a  somew  h  a  t  cons  id  era  bl  e  an  y  attempt  at  establishing  a  mere  local  show  would  p  rove STYLE=superscript  gradient.  Presently  the  train  passed  over  a  shunt,  and  the  a  failure,  and  that  to  ensure  success,  a  large  district  must  whole  of  the  waggons  behind  the  injured  one  were  thrown  be  embraced.—The  resolution  was  seconded  by  Mr.  Gough,  off  the  rails,  and  brought  into  violent  contact  with  a  num-  andcarried  unanimously.—The  Mayor  thenproposed,  and  Mr.  ber  of  loaded  coal-trucks  on  a  siding.  This  had  the  effect  Thos.  Birch  seconded,  the  appointment  of  a  committee  with  of  materially  retard'mg  the  train's  progress,  but  it  dragged  on  power  to  add  to  their  number,  to  prepare  rules  and  regula regulato  to regulato  the  Darcy  Lever  want.):  placing  in  imminent  danger  the  tions,  solicit  subscriptions,  and  to  take  all  necessary  steps  for  inhabitants  of  fifteen  or  iweiitg  houses  lying  underneath.  carrying  out  the  foregoing  resolution.—The  resolution  was  The  viaduct  is  a  structure  of  iron  lattiet,vork,  200  yards  long,  adopted  non  con.—Rev.  B.  Kenne  d STYLE=superscript  y  , STYLE=superscript  D.D., STYLE=superscript  p  ro STYLE=superscript  p  osed, STYLE=superscript  and STYLE=superscript  resting  on  massive  piers  of  stone,  and  eic.  ,, STYLE=superscript  ding  across  a  Mr.  W.  B.  Lloyd  seconded,  the  third  That  a  valley  at  an  extreme  altitude  o  f  86  feet. STYLE=superscript  Fortift.oely  no  Shropshire  Horticultural  and  Botanical  Society,  for  the  portion  of  the  train  was  thrown  into  the  valley,  and  no  pm.  exhibition  of  fruits,  flowers,  and  vegetables,  be  now  esta estasonal  sonal estasonal  injury  was  sustained.  A  scene  of  destruction  however  - STYLE=superscript  0  which  was  unanimously  agreed  to.—Mr.  W.  H.  presented  itself  in  the  shape  of  broken  waggons  and  their  Bayley  -.loved,  and  Mr.  John  Bather  seconded,  the  appoint appointfreight  freight appointfreight  (principally  grain),  scattered  upon  the  line.  Many  ment  of  a  eur.raittee,  with  power  to  add  to  their  number,  to  of  the  wooden  sleepers  had  also  been  split,  and  one  of  the  carry  the  third  re,oution  into  effect.—This  resolution,  and  planks  foci  iag  the  roadway  of  the  ylacimt  WWI  broken  also  u  votes  of  thank;  tc‘.  the  Mayor,  witri  carried  watizi.  I STYLE=superscript  through,"
