text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  from  our  friends  should  have  had  a  pretty  result.  D,ANIEL  O'CONNELL  called  the  Press  the  scourge  of  tyrant's  And  yet,  without  venturi  on,  an  expedition  to  lAlnput,.  we  can  find  pigm3  beings  enough  who  would—if  they  could—scourge  he  Press  !  Impudence  ad'  indeed  !  Surely  such  popinjays  requir  a  GII.LLIVER  to  pommel  them  most  heartil  The  Press,  we  maintain,  must  not  only  be  free  from  governmental  espionnage.  and  party  doinina  it  must  likewise  be  independent  of  indivi-  dual  control  and  interf(  citizen  and  )atriot  should  support  a  newspaper,  provided  it  lay  claim  to  merit.  That  is  a  duty.  But  at  the  same  time.  subscribers  that  such  an  act  empowered  them  with  anti  internal  aware  that  they  do  not  engage  a  paper  as  they  ver  it  arrangements  aey  should  bE  would  a  flunkey  . STYLE=superscript  —to  b  subservient  to  their  will  —study  their  foibles—flatter  their  prejudices—  ind  obey  their  commands.  If  such  were  the  cas  each  individual  would  require  an  organ  expressly  got  up  and  conduct  ed  to  suit  his  own  whims  and  ha  and  exactly  in  keeping  with  the  shape  and  colour  of  Then  tailors  might  witl  justice  exchange  th  itself  for  the  gool  quill;  and  could  make,  as  they  are  wont,  every  to  warranting  a  good  fit  Lr  BROIERE  tells  us  of  a  writer  who.  _upon  bein  quested  to  compose  a  speech  for  the  lord  mayoi  very  politely  asked  for  t  he  measure  o.  the  mouth  of  his  lordship  Certainly  he  remarked,  there  is  a  relation  to  be  observed  between  tl  words  an  the  mouth  whic  L  produces  them:.'  'Twill  never  do,  Individuals  must  not  be  so  le  Press  aims  at  being  the  direct  of  the  public  mind,  and  the  conservator  of  the  pub  lie  morals.  If  a  people,  therefore,  want  to  be  benefit  ted,  they  must  venerate  and  estimate  their  preceptors,  otherwise  little  advantage  will  be  derived  from  whatever  efforts  might  be  made  for  their  improve-  meat  The  Press  to  be  healthy,  must  be  free—free  as  the  air  and  light  of  Heaven.  'Twill  not  do  for  it  to  cribb'd,  cabin'd,  and  confin'd&#34;  by  the  capric  of  contemptible  despots  Stop  my  paper  the  3  cry,  ifyou  say  aught  against  their  perturbed  notions  offend  their  miserable  prejudices,  or  refuse  to  cone  ply  with  their  paltry  and  selfish  wishes  Stop  my  forsooth!  Heavens  !  what  shall  become  of  THE  7 STYLE=superscript  ,  7 STYLE=superscript  STIIIKES  111  PRESTON  VUFACTU.RING  MEMORIAL  TO  THE  HOME  SECRETARY.  JURSDA  •  The  draft  of  a  memorial,  of  which  the  subjoined  is  a  copy,  has  been  adopted  at  a  general  meeting  of  delegates,  and  was  to  be  transmitted  to  Lord  Palmerston  this  day  :  To  the  Right  Hon.  Lord  Palmerston,  Her  Majesty's  Princi Principal  pal Principal  Secretary  of  State  far  the  Home  Department.  presume,  my  lord,  to  address  you  at  this  time,  be-  cause;  independent  of  your  well-known  sympathies  for  suf suffering  fering suffering  humanity,  in  whatever  part  of  the  world  it  may  exist,  we  understand  that  your  lordship  is  desi  rous  o  f  b  e  i  ng  ma  d  e  .  .  at  may  affect  the  peace  and  harmOn  aore  detrimental  to  the  manufacturing  and  commercial  interests  of  this  country,  than  the  anxiety,  agitation,  and  confusion  which  at  present  per pervades  vades pervades  these  districts  ;  they  destroy  that  harmony  and  equili-  brium  so  necessary  for  the  peaceful  progress  and  develop development  ment development  of  the  skill  and  ingenuity  for  which  we  as  a  p  eo  pl  e  are  proverbial  ;  and  we  feel,  my  lord,  that  a  serious  respon responsibility  sibility responsibility  is  attached  to  those  who,  by  a  disregard  of  reason  and  justice,  have  brought  about  this  state  of  things.  In  order  that  you  may  fully  comprehend  our  view  of  this  matter,  and  we  assure  You  that  it  is  based  on  incontrover incontrovertible  tible incontrovertible  facts,  we  beg  your  careful  co  ns  id  era  ti  on  t  o  th  e  follow followine,  ine, followine,  digest  , STYLE=superscript  '  taken  from  the  public  documents  of  our  b  o  dy.  We  presume  that  labour  has  its  rights  as  well  as  its  duties,  and  that  capital  h  is  its  duties  as  well  as  its  rights,  and  we  have  yet  to  learn  that  it  is  antagonistic  to  these  principles,  peace peacefully,  fully, peacefully,  and  at  a  proper  time,  to  endeavour  to  get  a  better  re remuneration  muneration remuneration  for  our  labour.  My  lord,  you  will  remember  the  depressed  state  of  the  cotton  trade  about  the  year  1847.  At  that  time  the  manu manufacturers  facturers manufacturers  of  Preston  and  neighbourhood,  made  a  serious  re-  duction  in  our  wages  ;  but  die)  , STYLE=superscript  promised  they  would  restore  it  as  soon  as  an  improvement  justified  it.  On  the  first  day  of  June,  1863,  -a  meeting  of  weavers  took  place,  and  it  was  agreed  that  a  memorial  be  sent  to  each  master,  respectfully  soliciting  for  an  advance  of  ten  per  cent,  on  all  fabrics  of  cloth.  The  memorialists  said— said'  ' said'  We  would  beg  to  impress  upon  you,  that  a  few  years  ago,  when  trade  was  in  a  depressed  state,  we  submitted  to  a  serious  reduction  in  our  wages,  in  the  confident  hope  when  it  revived  it  would  honourably  be  put  on  again.  We  have  patiently  waited  to  see  our  expectations  realized  ;  we  find  that  trade  is  in  a  most  flourishing  condition,  that  the  demfind  for  manufactured  goods  is  on  the  increase,  and  we  submit  for  your  consideration  whether  we  are  not  justified  in  wish wishing  ing wishing  to  participate  in  good  trade  ;  if  we  are  to  receive  none  of  the  benefits  of  a  flourishing  trade,  but  to  have  our  wages  continually  reduced,  when  every  depression  takes  place,  our  position  will  be  When  the  hands  waited  upon  their  employers  for  a  reply,  some  treated  them  with  courtesy  and  respect;  but  a  great  majority,  with  insult  and  contempt,  and  many  who  thug  `  l STYLE=superscript  -  , STYLE=superscript  m  were  discharged.  and  )on  the  world  lord,  up  to  this  tim  upo  irked  men  and  women  Id  no  thought  of  combina  tion  or  unit  natural  sympathy  that  alway  will  exist  among  non,  if  they  bel"
