text
"THE  CAPE  OF  GOOD  HOPE  •  We  have  advice,  from  Cape  Town  to  the  6th  of  August.  Letters  of  that  date  say  that  nothing  has  occurred  sines  the  departure  of  the  last  steamer  to  check  the  activity  which  pre prevails  vails prevails  in  all  commercial  ,  affairs,  owing  to  •  the  large  continued  shipments  to  Australia  ;  the  amount  of  business  transactions  during  thelast  month  or  two,  being  unprecedented.  There  is,  at  this  moment,  in  the  Table  Bay,  a  large  1,000•  ton  ship  (Blackheath),  chartered  in  Australia  to  convey  a  cargo  from  this  to  Melbourne.  The  effect,  however,  of  all  this  has  been  an  enormous  rise  in  the  price  of  articles  of  consumption,  not notwithstanding  withstanding notwithstanding  an  unusually  large  harvest.  The  list  of  candidates  for  the  Upper  House  has  swelled  to  more  than  twice  the  required  number,  and  the  greatest  exer exertions  tions exertions  are  being  made  by  the  various  committees  over  the  colony,  to  secure  the  return  of  their  particular  candidates.  Sir  A.  Stockenstrom,  Bart.,  has,  on  the  score  of  ill  health,  declined  several  requsitions  to  become  one.  On  the  frontier,  the  peaceable  aspect  of  affairs  continues  un uninterrupted,  interrupted, uninterrupted,  although  some  who  believe  themselves  competent  to  give  an  opinion  on,  the  subject,  think  this  happy  state  of  things  will  only  last  until  Saudilla  receives  the  Queen's  decis decision  ion decision  about  the  forfeited  lands  ;  but  there  appears  nothing  either  in  the  acts  or  bearing  of  the  Kaffirs,  to  justify  such  an  opinion  at  present.  •  The  death  of  Kreli's  favourite  son  has  caused  great  con consternation  sternation consternation  amongst  the  whole  tribe,  and  induced  tha  t STYLE=superscript  chief STYLE=superscript  to  put  his  principal  witch-doctor  to  death.  The  result  of  the  commission  of  inquiry  - STYLE=superscript  into  the  Hotten Hottentot  tot Hottentot  rebellion  has  appeared  in  a  government  notice  issued  by  Sir  George  Cathcart,  which,  after  reciting  that  many  of  the  Erf-holders  did  listen  to  evil  reports  and  mischievous  counsels,  and  join  the  liaffirs  in  rebellion,  and  did  continue  to  commit  the  most  wanton  and  cruel  depredations  and  murders  against  the  inhabitants  of  the  frontier  districts  for  a  period  of  some  twenty  months,  and  until  they  were  for  the  most  part  killed  or  brought  to  subjection,  the  remainder  being  fugitives  and  concludes  by  declaring  for forfeited  feited forfeited  the  lands  of  160  of  those  who  had  been  proved  to  have  taken  part  in  the  rebellion.  Sir  George  Clerke  had  reached  the  Sovereignty.  No  in intelligence  telligence intelligence  from  Natal  has  been  received  since  last  mail.  The  want  of  another  steamer  on  the  coast  is  greatly  felt.  THE  II  OUR  OV  BRAZILS  The  Royal  Mail  Steci:  Revitt,  arrived  this  mornin  hip  1  g  the  usual  Brazilian  and  Riv(  charge  of  Lieut.  O'Reilly,  R.I  SATURDAY  Capt.  R  O'clock,Tbring7  Plate  Mails  in  The  Tay  brought  68  passengers,  £6500  in  specie  and  jewellery,  beside  of  Cochineal,  Ipe6icuanha,  Grapes,  ates,  and  •  about  litantities  Poin  egTan-  The  Tay's  latest  dates  are  :  Buenos  Ayres,  Sep.  1  ;  Monte  Video,  4;.  Rio  de  Janeiro,  14  ;  Bahia,  19  ;  Pernambuco,  22  ;  Madeia  ;  Lisbon,  10.  •  The  Brasileira,  the  first  of  the  new  line  of  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  steamers,  reaohed  Bahia  on  the  Nth  ult.,  in  21  days,  14  hours  from  Liverpool,  including  stop stoppages  pages stoppages  at  Penambuco,  St.  Vincent's,  and  Lisbon.  The  accounts  from  the  River  Plate,  by  this  packet,  are  of  a  favourable  '  Business  had  ecome  active.  But  little  was  known  of  the  move movements  ments movements  of  General  Urquiza,  who  had  retired  to  the  interior.  Sir  Charles  Hotham,  Mr.  Ouseley,  and  the  Chevalier  St.  George,  with  their  several  suites,  have  returned  by  the  Tait;  A  reduction  of  the  import  tariff  from  20.  to  5  per  cent.  ad  valorem.,  was  talked  of  as  probable.  At  Buenos  Ayres,  the  treaty  of  Urquiza,  with  the  Ministers  of  France,  England,  and  America,  vir virtually  tually virtually  depriving  the  - STYLE=superscript  province  of  Buenos  Ayres  of  its  legitimate  and  recognised  .posSeSsion  of  the  island  of  Martin  Garcia,  as  a  guarantee  for  the  free  navigationof  the  rivers  Parana  and  .Urnquay,  had  been  published.  All  three  of  the  treities  were  of  the  same  tenor,  and  reserve  a  - STYLE=superscript  right  to  the  Emperor  of  Brazil,  and  the  Bolivia,  and  the  Oriental  . STYLE=superscript  s  Gov.ominti  of  PAraguay  f  Uruguay,  to  Government  of  become  parties  to  tl  3uenos  Ayres  not  only  prot  igly  against  ed  the  right  of  Urquiza  to  enter  into  suci  From  Rio,  we  learn  ed,  and  was  succeeded-by  another  Ministry,  undei  the  presidency  of  Viscount  Parana.  No  change  to  the  policy  of  the  government  lad  been  caused  nr  - STYLE=superscript  ftio  - STYLE=superscript  113  , STYLE=superscript  the  gland,  France,  and  the  United  secret  treaty  of  En  States  with  - STYLE=superscript  Urquisa,  r  Garcia"
