text
")anube  So  far  from  allaying  our  fears,  respecting  a  hos-  lie  issue,  they  are  rather  increased  by  the  haughty  belligerent  tone  assumed  by  the  EMPEROR,  in  cision  ization  it  might  have  been  invidiously  asserted  that  the  SULTAN'S  pacific  policy,  as  displayed  in  the  Mani-:  festo,  was  sheer  hypocrisy,  had  it  not  been  'for  the,  indulgence  still  granted  to  the  GzAn.,..in.  affording  ,the  period  of  fifteen  days,  in  order  that  he  might  have  time  to  forego  his  right  to  those  material  now  basely  and  falsely  occupied  by  his  miserable  serfs.  And  this  extraordinary  act  of  clemeney,  :  considering  the  merits  of  the  caie,:is  all  , STYLE=superscript  the  more  'surprising  from  the  fact,  that  conscious  of  his  strength,  and  of  the  assistance.  of  the  Anglo-  French  Powers,  whose  squadrons  now  float  in  the  Dardanelles,  he  might,  with  impunity,  have  shown  no  forbearance,  and  still  less  mercy,  but  haVe  the  matter  .  ore  speedily,  and  no  doubt  for  him,  satis satisfactorily,  factorily, satisfactorily,  discussed  by  a  more  terrible  agency  than  either  diplomacy  or  manifestos  can  employ.  The  Emperor  NICHOLAS,  then,  will  have  to  lose  no  time  in  cteciamg  upon  I.lle  coui6e,  01  ucuu.Li.  •  he  intends  to  pursue.  Delays  are  dangerous.  He  must  make  quick  work  of  it,  now  or  never.  His  crown,  and  dignity,  if  such  he  has,  are  at  stake:  Can  he  safely  risk  them  both  by  .one  false  act?  War  is  a  game  which,  were,  nations  wise,  kings  would  not  play  But  for  the.  AUTOCRAT  to  mea  sure  swords  with  the  SULTAN,  NV04141  be  not  merely  folly;  but  madness.  In  the  event  of  his  deterniin deterniining  ing deterniining  so  to  act,  would  it  not  be  wise  of.  the  country  to  pronounce  the  verdict  on  their  EXIPEROR  of  non..  cornpos  mentis?  and  obtain  a  new  successor  to  the  throne;  thus  saving  Europe  the  necessity  of  doing  so.  But  should  NICHOLAS  follow  the  example  of  FERDINAND  of  Austria,  he  will  escape  that  dire  inflic infliction  tion infliction  known  in  this  country  as  Beat  the  Bear  THE-  position  which  the  affairs  of  China  are  assuming,  calls  for.  the  prompt  attention  of  our.  Government.  From  the  advices  last  received  from  Canton,  it  appears  that  the  lives  and  property  of  British  subjects  would  be  seriously  jeopardized  in  the  event  of  hoStilities  actually  taking  place  be between  tween between  the  Christian  and  the  Imperial  troops.,  The  presence  of  the  British  fleet  in  the  Canton  waters,  may  be  sufficient  to  protect  the  lives  of  our  subjects  ;  but  should  the  threatened  reduction  of  the  city  of  Canton  by  fire  be  accom accomplished,  plished, accomplished,  the  loss  of  British  property  must  be  very  .  considerable.  Here,  then,  we  have  a  direct  cause  for  immediate  interference  between  the  belligerent  parties  ;  and  it  becomes  a  great  question  of  diplomacy,  which  party  we  should  recognize  as  having  the  power,  de  facto,  in  their  hands,  and  who  are  henceforth  to  be  Considered  by  this  - STYLE=superscript  country  as  the  constituted  authorities  of  China.  Much  as  we  wish  to  see  the  Chinese  nation  released  from  the  bonds  which  have  hitherto  restrained  them,  still  our  business  is  simply  to  deal  With  the  materialisms  of  the  nations  with  which  we  are  .carrying  on  a  commercial  and  civilized  intercourse.  The  capabilities  of  China,  rather  than  its  wants,  are  therefore  the  subjects  of  which  we  have  to  treat.  .  In  dealing  with  the  Chinese  people  and  govern government,  ment, government,  under  the  present  Emperor,  ,  and,  indeed,  nearly  all  his  predecessors,  the  lives  of  British  'sub 'subjects,  jects, 'subjects,  together  with  their  property,  have  been  exposed  to  imminent  danger  from  the  sudden  out outbursts  bursts outbursts  of  savage  dictation  on  the  part  of  the  Chinese  rulers,  who  have  always  found  a  ready  means  for  their  execution  in  the  gross  fanaticism  of  an  uncivilised  population.  In  many  cases  the  cupidity  - STYLE=superscript  and  ex extortions  tortions extortions  of  the  Chinese  authorities  have  been  yielded  to  for  the  sake  of  peace,  and  to  secure  the  lilies  and  property  of  our  merchants.  And  even  up  to  this  moment  the  rivers  of  China,  on  which  we  have  the  greatest  traffic,  are  infested  with  pirates  of  mast  fierce  and  terrible  character.  These  are,  one  and  all,  serious  discouragements  to  our  trade  with  a  country  whose  products  we  need  for  our  daily  use,  and  whose  people,  under  proper  government,  would  be  our  largest  and  best  •  customers  for  manufactured  goods.  •  It  then  becomes  the  duty  of  our  Statesmen  enquire  carefully  into  the  nature  and  probable  suc success  cess success  of  this  s  p  on  taneous  movement  on  the  part  of  the  Chinese  people,'  which  is  said'  to  have  for  its  Object  the  establishment  of  a  civilized  and  .  more  substantial  form  of  Government.  The  idea  .of  dealing  with  this  question  in  China,  as  we  would  in  civilized  countries,  Where  and  figure  on  the  frontispiece  of  the  disastrous  drama  of  civil  war,  is  perfectly  preposterous,  while  to  rid  the  people  of  uncivilized  countries  of  the  power  of  inhuman  and  impotent  monsters,  such  as  the  Chinese  Emperors  have  ever  bee  a,  is  one  of  the  great  missions  Of  civilization  itself.  In-China,  we  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  or  calculated.  It:reference,  however,  to  thehistort  have,  at  present,  three  distinct  duties  to  perform.  of  the:  last  War  may  furnish  some  :data  upon  which  . STYLE=superscript  First  ;—to  secure  ,  the  continuance  of  the  most  to  forma  , STYLE=superscript  pretty  correct  estimate.  It  behoved  perfect  respect  for  the  British  flag.  Secondly;  —  then,  not  only  the  British  CABINET,  but  the  other  to  obtain  the  right  we  enjoy  `S,Mong  civilised  na  European  Powers,  to  :  ward  off,  as  long  as  the  tions—the  unrestricted  privilege  of  free  intercourse  slightest  chance'of  an  amicable  settlement  could  be  with  the  people  of  every,  pc34tion,  of  the  Chinese  entertained,  the  recurrence  of  an  event  likely  to  Aominions  ;  and  thirdly,  the  right  of  free  cora-  . STYLE=superscript  produce.  as  great,  or  more  terrible  disasters.,  And  menial  intercourse  for  our  shipping  with  the  sea  surely,  if  success  should  attend,  even  at  this  ad-  and  inland  ports  of  the  Empire.  These  are  our  vanced  period,  the  efforts;  of  our  owji  and  other  rights  .  ns  a  Civilized,  ,and  our;  interest  as  a  great  Cabinets  to  -effect  a  reconciliation  between  the  commercialeountry  ;  and  it  matters  not  hoW  outre  hostile  Powers,  none  will  regret  the  procrastination  and  impolitic  it  might.  appear  to  break  throUgh  of  negociations,  productive  of  so  signal  and  happy  the  international  law'  which•binds  civilized  states,  i  result.  '•  there  cannot  be,  .nor  should  not  be,  ~any  delicacy  Thq  Manifesto-  addressed  by  the  PORTE  to  the  in  throwing  aside  our  existing  engagements  with  European  Powers,  is-  characterised  by  a  mild,  just,  a  ruler  such  a's  the.  Chinese  Emperor  really  is  ;  and  and  conciliatorypolicy,  which  reflects  upon  the  Otto-  entering  into  new  compacts  With  a  large  section  Man  government,  the  highest  honour,  and  is  calcu-  of  the  Chinese  people  who  hold  out  to  us  a  more  latedto  subvert  those  illfavoured  libels  -on  the  substantial  guarantee,  than  we  have  at  present,  for  ,Turkish  character,  so  busily  circulated  by  raisin-  the  furtherance  of  our  trade,  commerce,  and  civil civilformed  formed civilformed  persons.  It  will  certainly  bear  to  be-placed  -  in  juxtaposition  with  any  that  has  yetemanated  from  the,  diplomatic  pen  of  Prince  MENSCHIKOFF,  or,  is-  likely  to  iitoCeed  from  such  a  highly  civilized  quarter.  On  such  an  occasion,  and  under  such  ex excessive  cessive excessive  provocation,  the  moderation  of  itstone  is  Even  -  says  the  Mani ManiestO,  estO, ManiestO,  Russia  had  a  subject  of  complaint  in.  7elation  to  the  Holy  Places,  she  ought  to  have  cir cirn.imscribed  n.imscribed cirn.imscribed  her-  actions  and-  solicitations  within  the  limits  of  this  question  alone,  and  ought  not  to  Lave  raised  pretensions  which  the  object  of  her  complaint  could  not  sustain.  She  ought  not,  how however,  ever, however,  'to  have  taken  measures  of  intimidation,  such  as  sending  her  troops  to,  the  frontiers,  and  making  naval  preparation  at  Sebastopol,  on  the  subject  of  a  question'  which  might  have  been  settled  amicably  be between  tween between  the  two  Powers.  'l3  ut  it  is  evident  that  :svlio.t  has  taken  place  is  totally  contrary  to  an  intention  of  amicable  Yet,  whilst  the  PORTE  affords  such  unmistakeable  evidence  of  a  pacific  ,disposition,  and  administers  such`  gentle  reproof  to  the  CZAR,  it  fails,  not  either  to  assert  its  own  dig digor  or digor  display  its  honour.  - STYLE=superscript  It  is  not  seeking  a  pretext'  for  quarrel,  then,  to  insist,  as  Russia  has  done,  upon  the  question  of  the  privileges  of,  the  Greek  China'  granted  by  the  OttoMan.Govern OttoMan.Government,  ment, OttoMan.Government,  privileges  which  the  Government  believes  its  -honour,  its  dignity,  and  its  sovereign  power,  are  concerned  in  maintaining,  and  on  the  subject  of  which  it  can  neither  admit  the  in interference,  terference, interference,  nor  the  surveillance  of  any  Go Government.  vernment. Government.  Is  it  not  Russia  which  ,has  occu occupied  pied occupied  with  considerable  forces  the  Principalities  of  Moldavia  - STYLE=superscript  and  Wallachia,  declaring,  at  'the-same  time,  that  these  provinces  should  serve  as  a  gua guarantee  rantee guarantee  until  she  had  'obtained  what  she  desired?  Has  not  this  act  been  considered  justly  by  'the  SUBLIME  -PORTE  as  a  violation  of  treaties,  and  con consequently  sequently consequently  as  a  casus  UM  Have  the  other  Powers  themselves  been  able  to  come  to  any  other  de-  There  are  many  other  arguments  that  we  might  here  adduce  in  support  of  the  .  course  we  have  suggested;  but  we  cannot,  we  repeat,  be  induced  to  lose  sight  of  the  materialisms  of  those  vast  commercial  interests  ,  and  requirements  we'  have  to  deal  with  - STYLE=superscript  in  this  particular  quarter  of  the  world;  nor  could  we  find,  perlialis,  a  subject  more'  replete  with  importance  to  our  mercantile,  Or  of  more  lively  interest  to  our  general  readers..  Among  the  products  we  draw  from  China,  the  most  conspicu conspicuous  ous conspicuous  iS,  Our  recently  adopted  antidote  to  intemper-  ante--that  solace  to  the  withering  spirits  on  01  hearths—Tea.  Nor  does  Tea  •  occupy.  the  sc  position•  of  primary  -  importance  in  •the  list  o  China's  products.  Silk  has  become  with  us  a!  great  a  requisite  in  the  embellishments  and  adorn  rents  of  our  advanced  State,  as  the  wool  of  ou  domestic  sheep,  which  contributes  so  largely  t  Our  bodily  'health  .and  comfort.  •  The  Sugars  of  Siam  again,  came  as  a  timely  ai  to  our  growing  necessites  for  increased  supplies  moderate  prices.  The  Silver  of  China,  came  also  'as  an  opportune  addition  to  our  monetary  peWer.  The  employment  of  our  shipping  in  the  Chinese  Seas,  has  sustained  our  ship-owners,  when  other  chan channels  nels channels  of  trade  were  unremunerative,  and,  in  many  cases,  were  totally  abandoned.  If  all  these  advan advantages  tages advantages  are  to  be  taken  into  account,  when  calculating  the  value  of  ~ STYLE=superscript  our  commercial  relations  with  nation  circumscribed  by  a  savage  dictation,  and  paralysed  by  unequalled  horrors,what'estimate  shat  we  form  of  the  mutual  advantages  to  be  deriver  by  England  and,  the  Chinese  people,  from  a  fro  and  unrestricted  intercourse  with  China  as  a  libera  itid  Constitutional  Empire  ?  Where  the  Chines  iitve  hitherto  supplied  one  of  our  wants,  they  eoull  hen  send  us  an  hundred=fold,  and  where  the;  iave  consumed  one  hundred  pound's  'worth  .  of  our  nanufactures,  they  could  consume  'one  - STYLE=superscript  thousand.  The  powers  of  production  and  consumption  of  300,000,000  of  people,  inhabiting  a  territory  whirl  possesses  , STYLE=superscript  every  variety  of  climate  and  soil,  are,  it  fact,.  almost.  incalculable  ;  and  when  We  see  tha  new  vents  are  required  to.  sustain  the  increase  it  our  own  means  of  production,  the  duty  which  ow  Statesmen  have  before  them  is  too  manifest  ti  require  the  occurrence  of  any  great  event  to  stip°  elate  them  to  immediate  action.  Setting  aside  th  temporal  and  spiritual  well-being  of  the  Chines(  'it  is  our  bounden  duty  to  seize  all  moral  means  which  present  themselves,  to  secure  supplies  of  those  necessaries  which  contribute  so  much  to  our  comfort  and  advancement.  To  have  made  war  upon  the  poor,  benighted  Chinaman  - STYLE=superscript  for  the,  attain attainment  ment attainment  of  these  ends,  was  -not  the  course  which  humanity  would  have  suggested,  or  expediency  could  justify.  But,  when  we  find  the  voice  of  a-large  body  of  the  Chinese  people  raised  in  favour  of  Christianity  civilization,  we  are  h.,arirt  as  a  to  them  tne  Liam.  yr  ,J.,,therhood,  and  to  sustain  them  within  the  pale  of  a  long  protracted  emancipation.  .  .  The  time  has  now  arrived.  when  England  may  fairly  take  advantage  of  a  current  .of  events  which  will  not  only  .elevate  the  Chinese  in  the  social  scale  of  modern  -- STYLE=superscript  enlightenment,  but  which  will  secure  to  British  subjects  those  political  and  commercial  privileges  which  have  been  sulong:  withheld  by  the  savage  policy  of  a  long  succession  of  Chinese  Emperors.  The  propriety  and  expediency,  in  fact,  of  at  once  recognizing  and  subsidizing  the  Chinese Chinesepatriots,  patriots, Chinesepatriots,  is  without  a  parallel.  .But  .  should  a  pre precedent  cedent precedent  be  required,  we,  would  mention  the  recog recognition  nition recognition  of  the  independence  of  Mexico,  and  the  Sclith  American  Republics,  at  a  moment  when  the  patriots  of  those  countries  were  in  open  rebellion  with  the.parent  State,  with  which  we  were  on  the  most  friendly  terms.  In  thess  cases  we  had  to  pass  by  all  the  :  nicest  points  'in  international  law,  and  to  swallow  a  perfect-bolus  of  that  honesty,  of  purpose  which  has  distinguished  our  diplomacy  in  other  instances.  The  recognition  of  the  independence  of  Texas  the  United  States  Government  is  another  case  point,  in  which  we  find  the  independenee  of  fully  recognised  and  sustained  by  a  na naion  ion naion  interested  in  the  well-being  of  its  own  people,  well  as  in  that  of  the  Texans.  We  there  fore,  hope  to  see  a  proper  degree  of  foresight  and  sym sympathy  pathy sympathy  displayed  by  our  Cabinet  in  the  cause  of  Chinese  Emancipation,"
