text
"POLICE  COURT.  -  YESTERDAY,  --ESTERDAY,  BAD  COMPANY.—A  young  lad  named  Henry  Hillier  was  brought  up  along  with  James  Smith,  the  latter  a  noted  pickpocket,  charged  with  having  been  seen  picking  pockets  in  Basnett-street,  and  in  a  public  house  in  Williamson Williamsonsquare  square Williamsonsquare  Hillier  who  had  never  been  charged  before,  stated  that  his  father  kept  a  house  called  the  London  Tavern,  and  that  ha  hinself  did  not  know  what  the  character  of  his  com companion  panion companion  was.  Inquiries  were  made  by  the  police,  and  it  was  found  that  the  story  was  correct  ;  that  Hilliers'  father  who  appeared  in  court  is  a  very  respectable  man,  keeping  the  London  Tavern,in  North  John-street,and  was  greatly  grieved  at  the  bad  company  his  son  had  lately  kept.  The  court  sen sentenced  tenced sentenced  Smith  to  a  month's  imprisonment,  but  discharged  Hillier  with  a  caution,  that  he  might  have  an  opportunity  of  retrieving  his  character.  Mary  Gray  was  charged  with  stealing  a  quantity  of  wearing  apparel  from  the  house  of  the  Rev.  W.  Mathias,  Roscommon-street.  The  prisoner  had  been  in  the  service  of  that  gentleman,  and  was  also  charged  with  obtaining  in  his  name,  a  quantity  of  tea,  sugar,  soap,  &amp;c.,  to  the  amount  of  7s.  3d.,  from  Mr.  B.  J.  M‘Gowen,  grocer,  Low-hill.  *  The  prisoner  was  sentenced  to  be  imprisoned  for  a  month.  Ellen  Shaw  was  charged  with.  presenting  a  forged  decla declaration,:purporting  ration,:purporting declaration,:purporting  to  bear  the  signature  of  Mr.  Mansfield.  It  appeared  that  she  came  to  release  some  clothes  from  a  pawn pawnoffice,  office, pawnoffice,  and  havin  g  lost  the  ticket  was  told  she  must  make  a  declaration  to  that  effect  before  a  magistrate  and  bring  it  with  her.  She  accordingly  went  away,  and  returned  with  a  declaration:signed  with  Mr.  Mansfield's  name,  but  which  was  manifestly  not  written  by  him.  She  stated  to  the  pawn pawnbroker,  broker, pawnbroker,  that  she  gave  the  declaration  with  two-pence  to  a  policeman,  who  got  it  signed  for  her.  The  case  was  re remanded,  manded, remanded,  James  Foster  was  charged  by  Mr.  Cowen,  superintendent  of  the  Albert,  Duch,  with  having  a  lame  quantity  of  tobacco  secreted  in  his  box.  Mr  :  Cowen  stated  that  ..  the  prisoner  held  a  very  responsible  --  -  situation  in  the  dock.  Three-and-a-half  pounds  of  tobacco  were  found  upon  his  person,  and  upon  subsequently  searching  his  box,  a  very  largo  quantity  was  found  secreted  there.  The  prisoner  was  sentenced  to  two  months'  imprisonment.  Margaret  31  - STYLE=superscript  along  was  charged  with  attempting  to  pass  a  base  shilling  at  the  shop  of  Mr.  John  Molyneux,  where,  it  was  stated,  she  had  upon  a  former  occasion  offered  a  base  half-crown.  The  prisoner  was  remanded  for  seven  days.  David  Hogan  was  remanded  upon  a  charge  of  Waling  wool.  Elizabeth,  Moore  was  charged  with  robbing  a  seaman,  at  a  place  called  the  Shakspere  singing  -house,  of  £lO,  but  for  want  of  evidence,  was  discharged.  Anne  Sheridan  was  brought  before  the  court,  having  in  her  possession  a  large  quantity  of  cotton,  for  which  she  could  not  satisfactorily  account.  There  was  not  sufficient  evidence  to  proceed  with;  the  case  ;  but  Mr.  Clough  complained  of  the  conduct  of  parties  who  bought  cotton  from  such  persons  as  the  prisoner,  and  who  were  thus  the  principal  cause  of  the  offence.  &amp;mous  ROBBERY.—Charles  James,  a  seaman,  who  ar arrived  rived arrived  yesterday  in  Liverpool,  from  America,  in  the  IsaaeWebb,  appeared  to  prosecute  Robert  Blaekburne,  Emma  Williams,  and  Ellen  Walsh,  for  robbing  him  of  about  £37,  in  British  and  American  money.  His  statement  was  to  the  effect,  that  he  was  taken  by  the  women  into  a  house  in  Banastre-street,  where  he  went  to  bed.  He  had  the  money  in  his  possession  when  entering,  the  house.  He  was  awoke  in  the  morning  by  a  police-officer,  and  his  money  was  then  gone.  The  prosecutor  stated  that  he  had  drank  somo  beer  the  night  before,  but  did  not  think  he  was  intoxicated.  He  appeared,  however,  con considerably  siderably considerably  stupified.  The  evidence  of  the  police-officer  who  arrested  the  prisoners  was,  that  they  saw  the  man  and  woman  coming  .  through  the  street  last  night  very  fast,  and  having  ascertained  that  they  came  from  the  house  in  Ban Bannastro-street,  nastro-street, Bannastro-street,  they  went  there,  after  questioning  the  prisoners  as  to  where  they  were  going,  and  receiving  a  reply  that  they  were  going  to  their  supper.  In  that  house  they  found  the  prosecutor  asleep  in  bed,  and  so  stupified  that  they  could  not  succeed'in  thoroughly  awakening  him.  They  then  followed  the  prisoners,  and  succeeded  .in  arresting  them  in  another  house,  when  they  ,  found  in  their  possession  about  £24,  in  British  and  American  money.  The  prosecutor  identified  some  of  the  coins,  and  also  a  knife  and  some  tobacco  which  was  found,  as  being  his  property.  Mr.  Black  defended  the  prisoners...  _  --  -  -  Dr.  Mellor;  - STYLE=superscript  Of  the  Vauxhall  dispensary,  was  examined,  and  stated  that  he  was  called  up  by  the  officer  to  see  the  pro prosecutor,  secutor, prosecutor,  whom  he  found  in  bed,  wholly  insensible.  Th  pupils  of  his  eyes  were  contracted  in  a  very  peculiar  man  ner  ;  his  breathing  was  obstructed,  and  he  had  the  appear  ante  of  having  been  drugged.  He  at  once  administered  an  emetic  to  the  prosecutor  '  who  threw  up  something  which  had  the  smell  of  beer,  but  did  not  recover  until  the  stomach  pump  had  been  applied,  and  cold  water  thrown  into  his  ears.  The  doctor  stated  that  he  could  not  discover  that  the  man  had  been  actually  drugged.  Court:  Do  you  think  his  condition  might  have  been  caused  by  beer  Dr  11  eller  :  I  think  it  would  require  a  very  great  quan quantity  tity quantity  of  hoer  to  leave  him  in  such  a  state.  Have  you  ever  known  beer  to  produce  such  effects  as  you  describe  in  his  appearance,  such  as  the  condition  of  the  pupils  of  his  eyes  ?  1  never  knew  it  to  produce  such  an  effect  Mr.  Clough  :  Did  you  examine  the  glasse.  Dr.  Mellor  :  I  did.  There  were  two  glasses  iu  the  room,  In  one  glass  there  appeared  to  be  the  remains  of  beer,  the  ether  glass  was  dry  at  the  bottom,  but  there  appeared  to  have  been  some  sticky  stuff  in  it,  and  there  were  some  black  specks  at  the  bottom.  I  could  not  discover  any  smell.  The  prisoners  were  ordered  to  be  sent  for  trial.  in  the  room  ?  ROBBERY  women  of  the  town,  and  a  man,  were  charged  by  a  gentleman  named  M'Lewer,  with  robbing  him  of  £6O  on  Thursday  night  last.  The  prosecutor  stated  that  he  was  accosted  by  the  two  female  prisoners  in  Hano Hanover-street,  ver-street, Hanover-street,  about  a  quarter  past  eleven,  and  during  the  time  he  was  conversing  with  them,  the  above  amount  in  g4ld,  wrapped  up  in  brown  paper,  was  abstracted  from  his  trowlers  pocket.  He  did  not  miss  the  money  until  the  prisoners  had  gone.  Information  was  given  at  the  police-office,  and  the  prosecutor  described  the  two  female  prisoners.  The  pri prisoners  soners prisoners  were  apprehended  in  Warrington,  on  Saturday  last;  and  the  two  female  prisoners  were  fully  identified  by  the  prosecutor  as  the  persons  who  robbed  him.  Ho  could  not  recognise  the  male  prisoner.  A  sum  of  £2  was  found  in  the  possession  of  the  person  whom  he  lodged  with,  belonging  to  him,  and  which  he  could  not  account  for.  When  the  pri prisoners  soners prisoners  were  apprehended,  they  had  new  clothes  on  them.  The  two  females  keep  a  house  of  ill  fame  at  No.  7  Court,  Banastre-street.  Each  of  them  was  sent  for  trial.  DETENTION  OF  PROPERTY.—George  Stokes  summoned  William  Baker,  with  detaining  three  trunks,  the  property  of  the  complainant.  It  appeared  that  complainant  lodged  with  the  defendant  for  three  weeks,  paying  him  £1  ss.  a  week  ;  and  when  he  was  leaving,  the  defendant  detained  thkee  trunks  for  one  week's  lodgings,  alleged  to  be  due.  The  magistrate  said  the  rent  was  paid  very  regular—unusually  regular—and  he  would  order  him  to  return  the  property,  with  costs.  ASSAULT.—A  woman  named  Robertson,  charged  by  An  Barden  with  assaulting  her  on  last  Thursday,  was  fined  1  1  th  and  costs—in  default,  to  be  imprisoned  for  7  days.  ROBBERY  or  £620.  —On  Monday  evening,  a  little  girl,  ten  years  old,  named  Mary  Ann  Ritchie,  was  placed  in  the  Police-office  under  the  following  circumstances.  It  appears  she  was  a  servant  in  the  house  of  a  man  named  James  M'Alister,  a  slater,  residing  in  Mill-street,  and  that  yester yesterday  day yesterday  she  went  into  the  shop  of  a  person  in  that  neighbour neighbourhood,  hood, neighbourhood,  and  oflered  to  give  him  a  £lOO  bank  chaque  for  £lO,  alleging  she  had  received  it  from  her  mistress  for  nurs nursing  ing nursing  her  child.  The  shopkeeper  thinking  immediatelly  that  she  had  not  come  by  the  money  honestly,  handed  her  over  to  a  constable,  when  it  was  discovered  that  she  had  robbed  M'Alister  of  two  bank  cheques,  one  for  £520  and  another  for  £loo.—that  for  £520  was  found  also  on  her  person.—  Northern  Week,."
