text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  SIR  CHARLES  WOOD  AT  HALIFAX.  On  Thursday  evening,  the  President  of  the  Board  of  Con Control  trol Control  attended  a  public  dinner  given  by  the  corporation,  in  the  New  Assembly  Rooms,  to  the  retiring  Mayor,  Mr.  S.  Water Waterhouse.  house. Waterhouse.  Mr.  F.  Crossley,  M.P.  for  the  Borough,  the  magis magistrates,  trates, magistrates,  and  leading  men  of  the  district,  were  also  present.  The  CHAIRM:iN  proposed  Majesty's  and  coupled  with  it  the  name  of  Sir  Charles  Wood,  one  of  their  borough  members,  as  well  as  a  member  of  the  Govern Government.  ment. Government.  (The  toast  was  received  with  loud  cheering.)  SIR  CHARLES  WOOD  responded,  in  a  somewhat  lengthy  speech.  He  dealt  a  smart  blow  at  the  almost  defunct  Pro Protectionists,  tectionists, Protectionists,  defended  our  free-trade  policy,  spoke  eulogistically  of  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer's  budget,  justified  the  bill  for  the  disposal  of  the  clergy  reserves  in  Canada,  and  described  his  own  measure  for  the  government  of  India,  as  the  best  that  could  be  adopted  under  existing  circumstances.  He  touched  finally  upon  the  Eastern  question  :—I  hope  (said  the  right  hon.  hart.)  I  am  not  too  sanguine  in  saying  that,  in  spite  of  adverse  appearances,  I  do  still  entertain  .a  strong  belief  that  we  shall  yet  be  able  to  avert  the  most  fearful  calamity  of  war,—(ap war,—(app!ause)—at  p!ause)—at war,—(app!ause)—at  least  I  am  sure  of  this,  that  the  most  earnest  and  unremitting  efforts  will,  as  they  have  already  been,  be  directed  towards  this  end.  I  grieve  to  say  that  former  efforts  have  not  been  successful,  and  that  the  Porte  has  made  a  declaration  of  war,  which,  however  much  I  may  regret,  one  can  hardly  feel  surprised  at  ;  for  the  Sultan  has  shown  an  amount  of  forbear forbearance  ance forbearance  entitling  him  to  our  admiration  and  sympathy.  But  there  is  such  a  thing  as  a  state  of  uncertainty,  which  rosy  Lv  even  more  injurious  and  galling  than  the  evil  of  war;  there therefore,  fore, therefore,  I  am  not  surprised,  though  grieved,  that  the  Porte  has  taken  a  step  which  is  against  the  advice  of  its  best  friends.  But,  sir,  we  do  not  despair  even  yet  of  being  able  to  avert  air  formidable  war  from  arising  out  of  these  circumstances.  That  some  acts  of  hostility  may  occur,  is  possibly  to  be  appm appmhended  hended appmhended  ;  for  we  cannot  tell  what  acts  large  bodies  of  men  actuated  by  bitter  hostility  to  each  other,  with  arms  in  ticir  hands,  and  located  in  the  immediate  neighbourhood  of  etch  other,  may  commit.  But  they  are  separated  from  each  ether  by  a  broad  river,  which  is  difficult  to  pass,  the  winter  seam  is  approaching,  and  there  are  great  hopes  that,  even  after  the  de declaration  claration declaration  of  war,  actual  hostilities  may  not  be  commented  at  present;  and  that  the  season  which  is  approaching,  wil  give  time  for  reflection,  and  for  the  interposition  of  the  effirts  of  every  power  in  Europe,  which  by  their  position  are  able  to  exercise  an  influence  in  the  matter,  and  which  are  irterested  in  endeavouring  by  some  means,  consistent  with  the  lonour  of  both  the  opposing  parties,  in  preserving  the  peace  Europe.  Of  course  it  is  impossible  to  speak  with  any  confideice  on  the  subject  as  it  at  present  stands.  The  issues  of  pears  and  war  are  not  in  our  hands,  and  however  great  our  interea  may  be  in  preserving  peace,  we  may  not  be  able  to  restrain  dose  fanatical  spirits  who  are  bent  on  war.  But  I  believe  that  the  other  powers  of  Europe  are  also  anxious  to  maintain  )eace,  as  it  is  for  the  interest  of  all  that  the  general  peace  of  Europe  should  be  maintained  ;  and  I  will  conclude  by  sayint  that,  by  the  blessing  of  Providence,  1  hope  we  shall  yet  to  able  to  avert  the  greatest  of  all  evils—war.  (Applause.)  Several  toasts  followed,  and  the  meeting  did  not  separate  til  a  late  hour.  THE  YANKEE  STORY.—An  Englisiman  was  brag  ging  of  the  speed  on  English  railroads  to  I  Yankee  traveller  seated  at  his  side  in  one  of  the  cars  of  a  fast  in  England.  The  engine  bell  was  rung  as  the  train  neared  a  station.  It  suggested  to  the  Yankee  an  ,pportunity  of  tak taking  ing taking  down  his  companion  a  peg  or  What's  that  innocently  inquired  the  Yarkee.  are  ap approaching  proaching approaching  a  said  the  Englishman  ;  they  have  to  commence  ringing  about  10  miles  before  they  get  to  a  sta station,  tion, station,  or  else  the  train  would  run  by  it  before  the  bell  could  be  heard  Wonderful,  isn't  it  ?  I  suppose  they  haven't  invented  bells  in  America  yet  4 STYLE=superscript  Why,  replied  the  Yankee,  we've  got  bells,  but  can't  use  them  on  our  rail railroads.  roads. railroads.  We  run  so  'tarnal  fast  that  the  train  always  keeps  ahead  of  the  sound.  No  use  whatever;  the  sound  never  reaches  the  village  till  after  the  train  gets  Indeed  r'  exclaimed  the  Englishman.  said  the  Yankee;  Had  to  give  up  bells.  Then  we  tried  steam  whistles—but  they  would%  answer  either.  I  was  on  a  locomotive  when  the  whistle  was  tried.  We  were  going  at  a  tremendous  rate  hurricanes  were  nowhere,  and  I  had  to  hold  my  hair  on.  We  saw  a  two-horse  waggon  crossing  the  track  about  five  miles  ahead,  and  the  engineer  let  the  whistle  on,  screeching  like  a  trooper.  It  screamed  awfullf,  but  it  wasn't  no  use.  The  next  thing  I  knew,  I  was  picking  myself  out  of  a  pond  by  the  roadside,  amid  the  fragments  of  the  locomotive,  dead  horses,  broken  waggon,  and  dead  engineer  lying  beside  of  me.  Just  then  the  whistle  came  alom  mixed  up  with  some  frightful  oaths  that  I  had  heard  th'  engineer  use  when  he  first  saw  the  horses.  Poor  fellow  !  e  was  dead  before  his  voice  got  to  him.  After  that  we  tried  lights,  supposing  these  would  travel  faster  than  sound•  We  got  some  so  powerful  that  the  chickens  woke  up  all  %tong  the  road  when  we  cams  by,  supposing  it  to  be  mooing.  But  the  locomotive  kept  ahead  of  it  still,  and  was  in  tie  darkness,  with  the  light  close  on  behind  it.  The  inhrOitauts  petitioned  against  it;.  they  couldn't  sleep  with  so  much  light  in  the  night-time.  Finally  we  had  to  statio.  electric  telegraphs  along  the  road,  with  signal  men  to  tetgraph  when  the  train  was  in  sight;  and  I  have  heard  that  sore  of  the  fast  trains•beat  the  lightning  15  minutes  every  40  n  , STYLE=superscript  les.  But  I  can't  say  as  that  is  true  ;  the  rest  I  know  to  be  , STYLE=superscript  York  Tribune.  POSSIBLE  TRACE  OF  SIR  ;JOHN  FRANKLIN.—Some  glass  bottles  have  recently  baei  picked  up  on  the  N.  W.  coast  of  Siberia,  which  it  is  s  aested  may  have  been  thrown  from  Sir  John  Franklin's  vepels,  or  from  some  of  the  vessels  at  present  in  those  region  , STYLE=superscript  One  of  the  bottles  has  been  forwarded  by  the  Admiral)  , STYLE=superscript  to  the  R  o  yal  Society,  and  from  that  body  to  Lloyd's,  w  ere  it  . STYLE=superscript  rill  bo  placed  for  public  in inspection.  spection. inspection.  It  has  been  suggested  that  some  person  or  other  may  be  found  who  cat  give  some  information  as  to  whether  similar  bottles  have  some  to  their  knowledge,  or  whether  they  are  English  or  fos  manufacture,  and  for  what  purposes  such  bottles  have  been  used.  It  is  known  that  such  bottles  were  not  suppled  to  Sir  John  Franklin,  but  on  the  opinion  pronounced  ir  England  as  to  their  manufacture  will  probably  depend  whether  an  expedition  be  sent  front  St,  Petersburg  to  the  shores  of  Siberia.  pRoBJGATION  OF  CONVOCATION.—The  Convocation Convocationof  of Convocationof  the  Prelates  and  Clergy  of  the  province  of  Canterbury,  .whicb  stood  prorogued  to  Friday,  October  28,  was  further  prorqued  to  Saturday,  November  30,  according  to  the  tenor  of  a  Royal  writ,  by  the  Vicar-General  of  the  Most  Rev.  the  Archbishop  of  Canterbury,  Primate,  and  the  Metropolitan,  under  the  special  commission  front  his  Grace  to  that  effect.  At  11  o'clock  his  Grace's  Commissary,  Dr.  Twiss,  attended  by  the  Registrar  of  the  Province,  Mr.  Francis  Hurt  Dyke,  entered  the  Jerusalem  Chamber,  when  his  Grace's  Commission  having  been  read  by  the  Registrar,  the  Commissary  direeted  the  Royal  writ  to  be  read  at  length,  after  which  the  schedule  of  proogation  Was  read  by  the  Registrar  and  signed  by  the  Commissary.  S  USPECTED  ROBBERY.—A  female  on  the  town,  was  appre apprehended  hended apprehended  by  officer  153,  on  suspicion  of  robbing  a  Captain  of  £l5;  but  as  the  Captain  could  not  identify  the  prisoner,  and  there  being  no  money  found  upon  her,  with  the  ex exception  ception exception  of  6s.  ;  she  was  ordered  to  be  discharged.  SMUGGLING.  —Timothy  Jones,  chief  mate  of  the  ship  Catharine  Rogers,  was  charged  with  smuggling  14  lb.  o  foreign  manufactured  tobacco.  The  officer  in  searching  thef  ship  found  111  b.  of  tobacco  concealed  underneath  the  mate's  berth,  he  denied  having  any.  He  was  fined  20s.  CHARGE  OF  ROBBERY  AT  THE  AMPHITHEATRE.  —Henry  ItfeCoombe  was  charged  with  being  found  at  the  Amphi Amphitheatre  theatre Amphitheatre  under  the  following  circumstances.  Acting  inspec inspector  tor inspector  Conies,  of  the  detective  force,  stated  that  from  frequent  robberies  which  had  lately  taken  place  at  the  Amphitheatre,  he  had  been  for  a  long  time  on  the  look  out,  and  on  Friday  he  arrested  the  prisoner  in  the  gallery  passage  to  the  saloons.  He  had  got  in  evidently  through  a  door  which  still  remained  locked,  but  a  hole  was  broken  in  the  panel  large  enough  for  him  to  effect  an  entrance.  He  got  from  the  prisoner  a  bottle  and  stick  which  he  produced,  and  he  also  found  a  cash  box  broken  beside  him,  but  the  latter  had  not  contained  money  where  the  entrance  seemed  to  have  been  effected.  The  inspector  stated  that  prisoner  belongs  to  a  gang  of  juvenile  thieves  who  make  a  system  of  infesting  and  plun plundering  dering plundering  this  theatre.  M.  McCabe,  the  property  keeper  of  the  establishment,  deposed  that  the  property  found  on  prisoner  was  his,  that  the  boy  had  been  formerly  employed  by  his  wife  as  messen messenger,  ger, messenger,  but  had  not  the  slightest  right  to  be  where  he  was  found  on  Friday.  He  had  also  admitted  when  arrested  that  he  had  taken  the  bottle  and  stick.  The  magistrate  said  this  seemed  a  trifling  case,  and  not  distinctly  proved,  so  he  would  discharge  the  prisoner.  PLUNDERING  EMPLGYERS.  .Heyward  was  con.  vieted  of  stealing  a  bottle  of  pickles,  the  property  of  her  employers,  Messrs.  Bank  &amp;  Co.  of  Colquit-street.  The  magistrate  said  this  system  of  robbing  employers  must  be  put  a  stop  to  and  he  would  accordingly  sentence  prisoner  to  seven  day's  imprisonment.  James  Ryan  and  Edward  Davies  were  charged  by  officer  218,  with  being  on  Friday  at  the  corner  of  Lime-street,  with  the  intent,  as  he  supposed,  to  commit  felony.  The  magistrate  asked  the  officer  why  he  had  come  to  such  a  con conclusion.  clusion. conclusion.  The  officer  said  that  they  were  desperate  charac characters,  ters, characters,  and  that  Ryan  had  struck  him  when  he  was  arrested.  The  magistrate  remarked  that  he  sincerely  thought  the  cir circumstances  cumstances circumstances  warranted  an  arrest,  but  the  prisoners  could  see  now  what  a  dangerous  thing  it  was  to  have  a  bad  character.  They  were  discharged.  ROBBERY  OF  WEARING  APPAREL—Tames  Connolly  and  John  Joyce,  were  charged  with  stealing  a  quantity  of  wearing  apparel  and  linen  from  the  Emigrant's  Home,  in  Paradise Paradisestreet,  street, Paradisestreet,  at  six  o'clock,  on  Saturday  morning.  Officer  370,  arrested  Joyce,  while  Connolly  was  inside,  throw throwing  ing throwing  the  property  out  to  him.  The  property  was  identified  by  the  woman  of  the  house.  Joyce  was  remanded  to  this  day,  and  Connolly  was  sentenced  to  twenty-one  days  impri imprisonment.  sonment. imprisonment.  A  METAMORPHOSED  IRISHMAN.—Thomas  Kelly  was  charged  with  stealing  an  umbrella  from  a  peripatetic  vender  of  such  commodities  in  the  Clarence  Dock.  This  son  of  the  Emerald  Isle  had  just  returned  from  the  harvest  in  York Yorkshire,  shire, Yorkshire,  rigged  out  in  a  smock  frock  and  all  the  other  costume  of  that  country.  Having  discarded  the  frieze  and  coats  of  the  Queen's  county,  he  was  cheapening  some  handkerchiefs,  when  he  quietly  walked  off  with  a  paraplue,  which  was  found  on  his  person.  He  was  remanded.  EXTENSIVE  ROBBERY  OF  MONEY.—Julia  Nowlan  and  Mary  Close,  two  prostitutes,  were  charged  with  stealing  from  the  person  of  James  ulligan  an  Irishman,  twenty twentyone  one twentyone  sovereigns  which  he  had  in  a  belt.  This  robbery  was  stated  to  have  taken  place  in  Old  Moore-street,  near  Gas Gascoigne-street.  coigne-street. Gascoigne-street.  None  of  the  money  has  been  found.  The  prisoners  were  remanded.  A  LARK.—Donghlin  M'Kensie  ,  who  appeared  in  full  Scottish  costume,  Highland-plaid  lacket,  tartan  kilt,  phila philabeg,  beg, philabeg,  and  gartered  hose,  was  convicted  of  a  violent  assault  on  Inspector  O'Brien,  in  Richmond-street,  on  Saturday  even evening.  ing. evening.  He  said  some  friends  had  come  from  Scotland  the  evening  before,  and  that  he  had  dressed  himself  in  the  na national  tional national  costume  and  gone  out  to  have  a  He  ex expressed  pressed expressed  his  sorrow  for  having  struck  the  officer.  He  was  untenced  to  pay  a  fine  of  ss.  and  costs,  or  to  be  imprisoned  for  7  days.  ASSAULT  ON  THE  POLICE.  —Hugh  Miller,  who  described  himself  as  a  working  jeweller,  was  charged  with  an  aggra aggravated  vated aggravated  assault  on  officer  442,  on  Friday  night,  in  Dale-street.  He  knocked  the  officer  down  without  any  cause,  and  tore  the  cape  of  514,  who  came  up  to  assist  the  constable.  A  gen gentleman  tleman gentleman  living  in  St.  Thomas's  Buildin  g  ,  deposed  to  the  cor correctness  rectness correctness  of  the  statement  made,  and  stated  he  had  nrver  witnessea  a  Inure  aggravatea  or  unprovoked  assault  on  the  police  who,  in  the  first  instahce,  had  remonstrated  with  prison  er,  who  was  drunk  and  creating  a  great  disturbance  in  the  street.  Miller  was  sentenced  to  pay  .  7s.  6d.,  the  value  of  the  cape,  20s.  fine  and  costs,  or  to  be  imprisoned  for  fourteen  days.  DOCK  ROBBERY.—  Tohn  leCortney  and  Francis  11PCoy,  two  boys,  were  charged  with  stealing  a.  quantity  of  rope  from  the  ship  Lucretia,  in  the  Queen's  Dock.  The  ship shipkeeper  keeper shipkeeper  spoke  to  the  rope,  and  identified  the  boys.  M'Cortney,  who  was  known  to  the  police,  was  sentenced  to  21  days  imprisonment,  whilst  M'Coy,  who  was  a  very  littl  e  fellow,  and  not  before  the  Court  previously,  was  ordered  to  be  taken  to  his  parents.  MARRIAGES  On  the  - STYLE=superscript  27th  October,  at  St.  George's.  John,  eldest  son  of  Mr.  George  Coats,  Bentham,  Yorkshire,  to  Elizabeth,  only  daughter  of  the  late  Mr.  C.  Sharpies,  of  this  town.  On  the  27th  instant,  at  Loch  Gilphead,  by  the  Lord  Bishop  of  Argyle,  Clarke  Stoughton,  Esq.,  of  Sparhana,  Norfolk,  to  Mary  Anne  Dora,  only  daughter  of  William  Hallett,  Esq..  of  Eling-grove,  Hamp Hampshire,  shire, Hampshire,  and  g  , STYLE=superscript  andclaughter  of  Robert  Radclyffe,  Esd.,  of  Foxclenton Foxclentonhall,  hall, Foxclentonhall,  Lancashire.  On  the  27th  instant,  at  St.  George's,  Hanover-square,  by  the  Rev-  H.  Douglas,  Canon  of  Durham,  cousin  of  the  bride,  the  Lord  Fredee  rick  James  Fitzroy,  third  son  of  the  Duke  of  Grafton,  to  Catharin  m  Sarah  Wilhelmina,  youngest  daughter  of  the  late  Rev.  Willie  Wexcomb,  Rector  of  Langford,  Esser.  On  the  25th  instant,  at  the  Parish  Church,  Leeds,  by  the  Lord  Bishop  of  Ripon,  assisted  by  the  Hon.  and  Rev.  the  Dean  of  Ripon,  the  Rev.  Arthur  John  Empson,  Rector  of  Eydon,  Northamptonshire,  to  Anna  Delicia,  second  daughter  of  the  Rev.  W.  F.  Hook,  D.D.,  Vicar  of  Leeds."
