text
"POLICE  COURTS.-YESTERDAY,  LIVERPOOL.  STEALING  A  COAT.  —James  Al'Uore,  a  respectably  attired  young  man,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  coat,  from  the  out outfitting  fitting outfitting  warehouse  of  Mr.  Gray,  63,  Byrom-street.  A  boy  in  the  prosecutor's  shop  observed  the  prisoner  take  the  coat,  and  police-officer,  654,  detected  him  with  it  on  his  arm,  he  not  having  had  time  to  take  the  ticket  from  it.  The  prisoner  pleaded  intoxication  as  an  excuse,  but,  as  it  appeared  that  he  had  only  just  been  released  from  the  confines  of  the  gaol,  was  committed  to  take  his  trial.  ANOTHER  SUSPICIOUS  CHARACTER.—Edward  Fust,  was  charged  with  attempting  to  pick  the  pockets  of  several  persons.  Police-officer,  176,  said  he  last  night  watched  the  prisoner,  and  saw  him  repeatedly  feel  gentlemen's  pockets,  with  the  intention  of  robbing  them.  The  prisoner  denied  the  charge,  but  having  been  before  committed,  and  invariably  found  in  suspicious  company,  he  was  committed  for  three  months.  .  „  WHISKEY  AND  OYSTERS.—Two  respectably  dressed  young  feniales,  who  gave  their  names,  Mary  Ormond  and  Ann  Nightingale,  the  latter  the  keeper  of  a  house  of  ill  fame,  in  the  locality  of  Clayton-square,  and  the  former,  one  of  her  young  lady  were  charged  with  stealing  nineteen  sovereigns.  Fur  some  little  time  the  complaining  party  did  not  appear,  but,  after  being  repeatedly  called  by  the  officer  of  the  court,  he  entered  the  witness  box,  and  stated  his  name  was  William  Pennington,  that  he  was  a  jeweller,  and  when  at  home  resided  at  Carlisle,  but  at  the  present  time  he  was  staying  at  the  Saddle-hotel,  Vernon-street.  Last  evening,  as  he  was  perambulating  the  town,  near  Church-street,  he  accosted  the  defendant  Ormond,  and  they  repaired  to  the  house  kept  by  Nightingale.  On  entering,  he  politely  asked  whether  he  and  his  friend  could  have  some  whiskey,  and,  upon  being  as  politely  informed  that  he  could,  he  sent  for  three,  and,  at  the  suggestion  of  his  added  2s.  worth  of  oysters.  After  partaking  of  the  refreshment,  and  talking  soft  he  went  out  for  one  or  two  shillings  worth  of  whiskey,  which  having-  dispatched,  he  requested  to  retire  for  the  night.  He  most  positively  stated  that  he  retired  to  rest  alone,  and  at  the  time  he  unrobed,  his  money,  nineteen  golden  sovereigns,  were  in  his  possession.  He  went  to  sleep,  and  this  morning  he  was,  according  to  his  own  account,  astonished  and  surprised  to  find  Miss  Ormond  comfortably  asleep  by  his  side.  Upon  making,  this  discovery,  the  fumes  of  the  whiskey  having  evaporated,  he  felt  for  his  money,  butfoundit  was  gone,  and  upon  informing  Miss  Ormond  of  his  loss,  replied  was  sorry  for  it,  or  something  of  that  and  was  about  to  take  some  further  repose.  when  Miss  Nightingale  was  called  up,  and  a  regular  argument  took  place,—the  gentleman  persisting  that  he  had  the  money  with  the  two  ladies  each  that  they  knew  anything  about  At  last  Miss  Nightingale  called  in  the  assistance  of  a  police-officer--a  search  was  instituted—but  no  money  was  found,  except  ss.  he  had  himself  presented  to  Miss  Ormond,  in  the  early  part  of  the  evening.  Not  being  at  all  convinced  but  that  that  he  had  lost  the  money,  and  that  the  two  women  had  stolen  it,  he  gave  them  both  into  custody.  The  young  woman  confirmed  the  statement  in  every  particular,  except  that  the  was  often  taking  the  last  glass,  was  rather  the  worse  for  liquor,  and  that  he  and  the  young  actually  retired  toge together.  ther. together.  _  _  _  _  _  _  There  being  not  the  slightest  evidence  against  the  defend defendants,  ants, defendants,  and  an  inspector  of  the  detectives  stating  that  the  house  in  which  the  robbery  was  alleged  to  have  been  committed,  was  a  respectable  house  of  the  description,  they  were  dis discharged;  charged; discharged;  the  gentleman  from  Carlisle  leaVing  the  court  with  looks  which  bespoke  that  he  was  by  no  means  satisfied  at  the  conclusion  the  magistrates  had  arrived  at.  In  making  his  exit  from  the  room,  one  of  the  officers  remonstrated  with  him  for  using  such  language  derogatory  to  the  bench,  when  he  indignantly  left  the  room,  saying,  What  do  I  care  for  you  or  ROBBERIES.  —James  Waters  and  William  Long  were  charged  with  having  committed  several  felonies  in  Great  George's  Place,  Mill  Street,  and  Park  Lane,  and  stolen  therefrom  various  sums  of  money,  principally  in  copper  money.  It  appears  that  after  the  robberies  the  prisoners  went  to  a  brothel  in  Norfolk-street,  and  gave  a  female  a  quantity  of  farthings,  to  go  and  get  changed  into  other  money.  This  caused  a  suspicion,  and  they  were  apprehended.  One  of  the  farthings,  as  was  also  a  knife,  found  upon  the  prisoners,  was  identified,  and  they  were  committed  for  trial  at  the  next  sessions.  STEALING  A  CHAIR.—An  old  woman  named  Elizabeth  Smith,  was  committed  for  three  months,  for  stealing  a  chair  from  St.  John's  Market.  PICKING  POCKETS.—A  young  urchin,  named  Thos.  Tyna,  was  charged  with  picking  the  pocket  of  a  female  of  one  shilling.  She  stated  that  she  detected  the  prisoner  in  the  act.  He  being  an  old  offender  was  committed  for  one  month  and  to  be  publicly  whipped.  ANOTHER  CASE  OF  STABBING.  —Patrick  Hand,  a  dissi dissipated  pated dissipated  looking  fellow,  about  35  years  of  age,  and  by  trade  a  tailor,  was  charged  with  stabbing  with  a  scissors,  the  keeper  of  a  lodging  house,  off  Duke-street,  on  Monday  night.  It  appeared  that  the  prisoner  cohabited  with  a  woman  ‘v  ho  had  eloped  with  him  from  her  husband  in  I  r  oAnd,  and  that  they  lodged  in  the  house  of  the  prosece*  ,, STYLE=superscript  .•  He  came  into  the  house  at  all  hours  in  the  ~;B  n  t,  and  was  in  the  constant  habit  of  brutallk  „sing  the  unfortunate  woman  wh  om  h  e  e  was  frequently  warned  that  he  would  not  tted  into  the  house  at  such  hours,  and  it  was  when  he  was  refused  admission  by  the  prosecutor  on  Monday  night,  that  he  drew  the  scissors,  and  stabbed  her.  She  was  immediately  taken  by  the  police  officer  to  Dr.  Mitchell's,  in  Duke-street,  who  dressed  her  wounds,  and  pronounced  them  to  be  of  a  dangerous  character.  It  appears  that  the  prisoner  is  a  very  violent  character,  as  he  also  stabbed,  under  pre precisely  cisely precisely  similar  circumstances,  the  prosecutor's  husband,  a  few  days  ago.  He  was  remanded  until  12  o'clock  to-day.  Informations  were  returned  against  the  negro,  Edward  Gay,  for  stabbing  the  woman  named  Ann  Gill,  on  Saturday  night,  in  Queen-street.  Two  men  named  Michael  MqVulty,  and  John  Smith  were  fined  each  2s  6d  and  costs,  for  fighting  dogs  on  last  Friday,  slauehterhouse  in  Blount-street.  MAIN  DESERTION  OF  A  Ly.—Yesterday,  at  the  City  police-court,  a  hawker  named  Patrick  Gilligan,  was  placed  in  the  dock  on  a  charge  of  having  deserted  his  wife  and  family.  It  appeared  that  the  wife  and  her  family  of  four  children  went  into  the  workhouse  about  five  weeks  ago  ;  that  since  then  one  of  the  children  had  died,  and  that  one  was  so  ill  it  was  not  expected  to  live.  The  husband,  who  hawks  looking-glasses,  left  his  family  about  six  weeks  ago,  and  had  never  been  to  see  them  since.  This  morning  he  called  at  the  office  of  the  workhouse,  and  said  that  he  could  easily  keep  his  wife  and  family,  but  that  he  had  been  off  drinking.  After  a  severe  reprimand  the  bench,  he  was  ordered  to  be  im imprisoned  prisoned imprisoned  for  three  weeks,  with  hard  labour.  BRUTAL  CONDUCT  OF  A  SON.—Yesterday,  at  the  Salford  town-hall,  a  person  named  Abraham  llP.Arealy  was  placed  before  the  magistrates,  charged  with  being  drunk,  and  creat creating  ing creating  a  disturbance  in  his  mother's  house  on  Sunday  night.  It  appeared  that  on  that  night  he  was  very  drunk,  and  creating  at  beingi  st  u  i  r  n  b  a  f  n  e  c  a  r  e  i  e  n  f  d  his  n  fa  t's  ger  h  t  e  o  r  h  e  house,  ,  a  w  n  e  d  n  t  t  h  o  a  u  t  t  t  f  h  o  e  r  m  t  h  o  e ewhile  while ewhile  out,  a  neighbour  went  into  the  hou  se  ,  an  d  ta STYLE=superscript  e  oh STYLE=superscript  n  ffige STYLE=superscript  d  err STYLE=superscript  e  e STYLE=superscript  a  r STYLE=superscript  vOured  to  take  from  the  outrageous  fellow  a  knife  which  he  was  brandishing  in  his  hand.  In  doing  so,  the  neighbour  got  his  hand  cut,  but  he  thought  that  that  was  done  acci accidentally.  dentally. accidentally.  The  mother  stated  that  her  son  kicked  her  on  Sunday  evening,  but  that  he  did  not  do  so  intentionally,  as  he  was  drunk  and  did  not  know  what  he  was  doing.  She  admitted,  in  reply  to  a  question  from  chief  constable  Taylor,  that  she  complained  of  her  son's  conduct  about  five  years  ago,  and  that  on  Saturday  she  stated  at  the  police-office  that  she  was  apprehensive  of  danger  from  him,  he  was  so  drunk  and  furious.  Mr.  TRAFFORD  said  he  must  find  two  sureties  in  420  each  to  keep  the  peace  for  three  months.  On  Monday,  while  in  Piccadilly,  Yarwood  was  accosted  by  one  of  the  prisoners,  who  invited  him  into  a  beer-house,  in  Dale-street.  While  they  were  drinking  there,  the  other  prisoner,  came  in  along  with  some  other  men,  who  com commenced  menced commenced  playing  at  cards,  and  before  they  had  finished,  the  prosecutor  lost  his  watch  and  60s.  in  silver,  Both  prisoners  were  discharged  4  P3_TB00047 a.  .1  P3_TB00048 hot,  r  'oCs!iit  •  01"
