text
"NOTICE  The  Proprietors  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  have  now  completed  their  arrangements  for  securing  the  delivery  of  the  paper,  at  the  following  places  every  morning,  at,  or  before  eight  o'clock.  BIRKENHEAD  WOODSIDE  TRANMERE  ROCK  FERRY  WATERLIOO  SEAFORTII  BOOTLE  WALTON  EVERTON  FAIRFIELD  AIGBURTH.  TO  CORRESPONDENTS  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer;  not  necessarily  for  _publication,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  WILLMER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  FRIDAY,  NOVEMBER  4,  1853  A  few  hours  must  now  dispel  the  cloud  that  hangs  aver  modern  diplomacy,  military  sincerity,  and  telegraphic  veracity.  These  have  one  and  all  been  placed  in  a  remarkably  dubious  light  in  the  pending  difficulties  between  Turkey  and  Russia.  Should  concurring  events  Jeave  no  escape  from  war  both  its  cause  and  effects  must  be  carefully  weighed  with  regard  rather  to  the  future,  than  the  past  or  present  interests  of  the  world's  peace•  The  cause  of  bloodshed  in  this  case  admits  of  no  question.  Its  effects  will  be  to  show  the  danger  to  trade  and  commerce  by  the  prolonged  existence  of  a  power  which  can  only  be  controlled  and  brought  to  'a  sense  of  justice  by  a  combination  of  brute  force  which  may  not  be  always  available,  and  which  at  any  time  is  debasing  and  demoralising  to  bring  into  action.  To  preserve  such  a  power  as  one  of  the  weights  which  gives  gravity  to  what  is  called  the  equili equilibrium  brium equilibrium  of  is  to  look  for  safety  in  the  fable  of  the  If  the  Russian  hordes  now  on  the  Danube,  once  taste  of  the  cup  of  vic victory,  tory, victory,  humanity  may  well  quail  at  the  thought.  Where  are  the  combined  Cabinets  whose  guarantee  for  the  safety  of  European  freedom  will  go  for  a  groat,  should  the  Russians  be  suffered  to  revel  in  triumph  in  the  capital  of  the  Turkish  Empire?  If  hostilities  have  commenced,  which  Heaven  forefend!  the  interests  of  Europe  demand  that  they  shall  be  decided  in  the  Principalities.  Russia  must  be  beaten  on  the  frontier  of  the  territory  whose  Sovereignty  she  has  so  daringly  usurped.  And  when  defeated,  she  must  be  driven  back  within  her  own  territorial  boundary.  The  accomplishment  of  this  object  will  require  the  exercise  of  every  strata stratagem.  gem. stratagem.  Circassia  must  be  subsidised--Poland  must  be  roused,  and  Hungary  called  to  arms  sooner  than  one  victory  should  be  allowed  to  inflame  the  savage  breasts  of  the  Cossack  and  the  Serf.  Un  civilised  man  carries  with  him  still  the  demon  type  which  has  left  its  impress  even  to  the  present  time,  on  the  face  of  European  nations.  To  parley  with  them  we  now  find,  is  to  hug  danger  and  foster  desolation.  Peace,  we  all  had  hoped  would  have  crowned  three-fourths  of  the  century  in  which  we  live,  but  all  hope  is  vain,  where  a  rathless  ambition  holds  the  sceptred  An  Emperor  who  endangers  kingdoms  to  appear  a  hero,  is  the  deadliest  foe  that  ever  entered  the  pale  of  monarchies.  The  red  rags  of  unrestricted  and  untaught  democracy  are  the  banners  of  stouter  allies  of  kingly  safety,  than  truant  princes  or  autocratic  fools.  Does  NICHOLAS  suppose  war  is  like  a  review  which  gives  a  zest  to  a  jovial  supper  ?  Does  he  think  the  dirge  of  Pestal  and  the  woes  of  Warsaw  are  forgotten  by  the  great  family  of  man,  who  have  been  charmed  to  veneance  by  one,  and  appalled  with  horror  by  the:sorrows  of  the  other?  If  the  Tung  has  really  drawn  the  sword,  where  breathes  the  people  that  will  not  applaud  the  act  ?  Where  is  the  State  that  has  not  suffered  by  saving  the  aggressor  from  the  penalties  justice  would  award  to  his  transgressions  ?  England  has  lost  her  millions  in  trade,  but  that  is  all.  She  has  not  sight  of  where  her  folly  lies,  and  what  her  fu future  ture future  interests  require.  The  dictatorial  voice  that  forbid  the  Dardanelles  to  receive  her  ships,  and  struck  a  rude  cordon  round  her  commercial  free freedom  dom freedom  in  Eastern  Europe  must  be  for  ever  sile:)ced.  If  England  wipes  away  these  degrading  restric restrictions  tions restrictions  upon  her,  national  rights,  and  sees  her  fu future  ture future  interests  established  on  a  more  solid  and  com comprehensive  prehensive comprehensive  basis,  she  will  benefit  by  the  result.  But  the  enemy's  power  is  vast,  and  no  puny  efforts  .will  accomplish  so  great  an  end.  Chance  alone  can  avert  the  direful  calamities  of  war,  if  one  particle  of  truth  remains  with  the  continental  ma managers  nagers managers  of  the  electric  wires  which  brings  us  news  from  the  scene  of  Russia's  last  exploits.  If  the  Turks  have  crossed  the  Danube  in  force,  their  object  must  be  to  carry  confidence  and  succour  to  the  people  of  the  Principalities,  and  to  raise  the  cry  of  war  beyond  the  Carpathian  Mountains.  By  this  movement  the  Turkish  ranks  will  increase  in  numbers  at  every  step,  unless  effectually  checked.  This  will  cause  the  diversion  of  a  considerable  body  of  the  Russian  troops,  and  will  not  be  achieved  without  a  sanguinary  conflict,while  Omar  Pacha  will  be  thus  ralieved  of  the  presence  of  a  portion  of  the  Russian  force.  How  he  may  avail  himself  of  this  advant advantage  age advantage  remains  to  be  seen.  To  disturb  much  less  to  destroy  the  -Russian  camp,  at  this  severe  season,  wonld  be  to  destroy  the  enemy's  hopes,  andrender  a  prompt  advance  or  precipetate  retreat  inevitable.  The  crossing  of  the  Danube  would  be  a  daring  enterprise  for  either  of  the  armies,  but  should  the  Turks  under  Omar  Pacha's  command,  attempt  it,  the  Russian  troops  will  be  exposed  to  further  fa fatigue  tigue fatigue  and  greater  sickness,and  should  defeat  await  the  Turks,  the  loss  on  both  sides  would  be  pretty  equal.  But  beyond  all  these  speculations  lies  one  greater  than  all,  that  is,  as  to  the  temper  in  which  the  Nations  of  Continental  Europe  will  recieve  the  tidings  of  a  defeat  on  either  side.  France  will  burn  with  indignation  at  a  triumph  of  the  Russian  arms.  Germany  will  goad  the  Governments  of  Prussia  and  Ausitra  into  action.  The  minor  des despotisms  potisms despotisms  may  become  frantic  with  despair  at  the  loss  of  their  great  protector,  and  thus  Europe  may  be  once  more  in  a  blaze,  and  the  final  result  of  all  may  prove  most  disastrious  to  civilization.  With  all  these  probabilities  impending,  we  await  the  coming  news  of  the  next  few  days,  with  the  most  intense  anxiety.  THE  year  1853  will  long  remain  conspicuous  in  the  annals  of  Irish  history.  We  regard  it  as  the  beginning  of  a  new  era  for  that  country—an  era  bright  with  hope,  active  with  enterprise,  and  with  results.  Shams!'  without  number  have  been  tried  —`demagogues  have  fattened  upon  Irish  nostrums  have  been  plentifully  dealt  out—and  the  crowning  farce  of  the  the  Brass  band  patriots,  with  Mr.  LUCAS  at  their  head,—has  been  got  and  the  benefits  they  each  and  all  have  conferred  upon  the  Sister  Isle,  just  amount  to—nil.  A  genuine  Irish  patriot  is  nearly  as  difficult  to  be  found  as  a  four-leaved  which,  perhaps,  might  be  regarded  as  a  mythical  repre representation  sentation representation  of  that  eminent  individual,  WILLIAM  DARGAN,  whose  name  must  ever  be  associated  with  all  that  is  patriotic,  noble,  and  generous.  Whilst  soi-disant  patriots  have  done  little  more  than  increase  party  feuds,  deal  out  profuse  promi promises,  ses, promises,  which  never  were  likely  to  be  realised,  and  fill  their  pockets  with  the  national  it  was  cheering  to  behold  a  genuine  lover  of  his  country  and  kind,  who,  at  immense  personal  and  pecuniary  sacrifice,  volunteered  his  services  to  promote  Ireland's  regeneration.  All  honour  to  the  name  of  WILLIAM  DARGAN,  and  the  Great  Industrial  Exhibition,  which  his  genius  has  conceived,  and  his  princely  munificence  has  supported  !  At  a  time  when  politico-religious  strifes  pre prevailed  vailed prevailed  to  an  inconceivable  extent—when  famine,  pestilence,  and  emigration,  were  decimating  the  whole  country;  when  Hope  had  given  place  to  Despair,  and  one's  heart  fairly  sickened  at  the  thought  of  Irish  misery  and  degradation,  it  was  consolatory  to  behold  a  single  individual  coming  forward  with  a  scheme  so  eminently  calculated  to  soften  down  existing  asperities,  and  arrest  the  evils  which  so  extensively  prevailed.  The  Irish  Industrial  Exhibition,  which  has  just  closed,  has  done  more  towards  the  regeneration  of  Ireland  than  all  the  speeches  delivered  by  the  great  himself,  or  the  combined  declama declamation  tion declamation  of  Conciliation-hall.  What  a  glorious  and  encouraging  spectacle  was  presented  within  the  walls  of  the  Irish  Exhibition  on  Monday  last  ?  Instead  of  witnessing  a  display  of  rampant  orangeism,  and  hateful  ribbon 'ribbonism,'  we  might  have  seen  collected  together  nearly"
