text
"head,  cut-water,  &amp;e.,  having  bee  the  Active  of  New  Quay.  CORK,  (Qt  ARRIVED.—Iduria,  Benjamin  Boyd,  Merric  SAlLED.—Margaretta  ARRIVED,  OCT  SAlLED.—Woodside,  Gibson,  for  ama,  for  Bremerhaven  ;  Senator•,  Wa  beth  Van  Leiden,  -,  for  Rottterd,  Bisson,  f  SHARE  MARKETS.  LIERPOOL.—The  market  and  several  sales  have  been  eff  day's  rates.  The  transactiol  24  k  ;  Chester  and  Holy]]  114  11  11-16  111  13-16;  1  and  Yorkshire,l62  6'  Crosby  and  Southport,  L  5 STYLE=superscript  .1;  Loudon  10313  21  2;  Midland,  581  8  ti  British,  6  9-16  ;  South  Eastern  an  Neweastle  and  Berwick,  15}  ;  1  per  cent.,  164.  •  MANCHESTER.—The  share  morning,.  and  improved  until  noon  The  market  closed  weak  at  about  donian,  x.d.,  25  4  11-18  a  ;  Easte  11-16  ;  East  Lancashire,  15k,  1  1  - STYLE=superscript  -  Western,  51  ;  Lancashire  and  Yor  London  and  North  Western,  10'  Manchester,  Sheffield  and  Lii  Midland  Railway  Consols,  584  17,  7-18,  9-16,  d,  9-16,  DUBLIN,  OCT.  5.  ;  34  per  cent.  Stack,  91  4  Mining  company,  U  paid.  3  £7  paid,  for  account,  141  ;  Corl  I  5;  Dublin  and  - STYLE=superscript  Belfast  Junction,  Wicklow,  6  paid,  n  ;  Great  South  51  ;  Irish  South  Eastern,  Xil  paid  8  paid,  74-;  Midland  Great  Westerr  div.  ;  and  Limerick,  ;  GLASGOW.—Thc  closinz.  mires  siderable  improvement  in  mos  the  early  part  of  the  day,  Cal  59i  to  50  ;  Glasgow  and  Son  dale  guaranteed  shares  decline  day,  (Thursday),  Caledoniar  Glasgow  and  South  Westerns  LIVERPOOL  AIARKEI  (  Written  expressly  for  the  Nor  COTTON.—The  sales.  to  day  :  160  Pernams  and  Maranliams,  6  to  sid.;  100  Egyptians,  7d.  to  30  Sea  Islands,  ls.  6d.  to  is  market,  which  closes  heavih  SUGAR  —The  market  remains  n  to  notice  the  sale  of  870  bags  of  ]  and  60  barrels  Porto  Rico,  at  335.  MoLAssEs.—Thirty  puncheons  St  16s.  per  cwt.,  ex.  ship.  Of  RUM,  20  puncheon  per  proof  gallon  Ricn.--The  business  to  day  cor  at  14s.  to  14s.  6d.,  for  middling,  to  Moulmain,  at  lls.  9d.  to  12s,  9d  12s.  6d.  per  cwt.  In  other  articles  we  have  to  not  der  Roots,  at  375.  sd.  .  Twenty  bags  SAGO  FLOUR,  at  21s.  Thirty  tons  °RUBELLA  WEED,  all  Forty  tons  INDIA  RUBBER,  chief  Is.  6d.  to  Is-101,  for  common  t  2s.  6d.  for  tubes..  •  Also,  89  casks  LINTSEED  CANE,  .  TEA.—About  4,000  packages  We  for  sale,  including  3,000  with  all  fau  quantity  ware  sold  with  spirit  Tot  boxes  Singapore  (plain  0  Is.  2d.,  being  a  lull  price,  cons  private,  a  few  parcels  of  common  C(  11d,  per  lb.  MANCHESTER  CORN  .EXCI]  To-day  only  a  moderate  amount  wheat  there  was  no  alteration  of  pri  oatmeal,  Egyptian  and  English  be:  was  upward.  Barley  and  Indian  e  enhanced  rates.  In  their  circular,  Messrs.  Stephc  There  was  an  average  attendane(  demand  for  wheat  and  flour  was  for  several  preceding  weeks  ;  not  were  realised  on  the  transactions  tl  meal  were  in  lively  dem  Egyptian  Beans  were  is.  _  other  articles  in  request  at  very  t  ages  (Imperial)  for  the  week  645.  3d.  ;  Barley,  OOs.  Od.  ;  Oats  2  Pease,  00s.  Od.  GLASGO  W  ItKE  COTTON  GOODS  AND  Y  either  branch,  and  prices  goods  are  not  pressed  o;  PIG  IRON.--  Our  at  being  done  at  63.  There  is  no  evinced  to  sell  by  holders  of  stock  are  not  anxious  to  tran  at  66.  FRIGHTFUL  ACCIDENI  •  *  LA2V  - STYLE=superscript  I)  RAIL  On  Tuesday  evening,  an  accident  gate  branch  of  the  Midland  Rails  with  fatal  and  disastrous  consequ  during  the  afternoon  of  Tuesday  a'  down  line  to  Matlock,  and  help  ha(  An  engine  was  speedily  despatched  to  render  assistance.  On  their  an  had  not  sufficient  strength  among  tli  and  a  message  was  sent  to  Derby  fc  engine,  containins  . STYLE=superscript  fourteen  .or  fift(  sent,  and  on  their  arrival  - STYLE=superscript  at  A'  reversed,  and  it  ran  towards  Mat  Before  this  last  assistance  arrive  succeeded  in  getting  the  dislodged  line,  and  thinking  the  distance  but  started  to  proceed  thither  on  the  lb  of  running  a  short  distance  in  -  getting  on  to  the  up-line  1  done.  The  consequence  at  a  curve,  came  into  fearful  co  shut  off  the  steam  and  reversed  boil  arriving  in  sight  of  each  other.  tender  jumped  off  before  the  engix  the  others  were  scattered  about  in  them  were  seriously  bruised  on  vari  and  others  rendered  insensible.  A  man  named  Michael  Banks,  sto  who  had  the  back  of  the.  scalp  laces  tured,  died  on  Wednesday  morning.  men  were  conveyed  to  Derby,  and  I  to  the  Infirmary,  and  had  their  inju  Richmond,  with  contased  knee  ;  tured  collar-bone  ;  John  Roberts  bruises  ;  Thomas  Tomlinson,  cut  f  knee  ;  John  Jackson,  general  co  Mr.  Gisborne,  the  company's  sur,  - STYLE=superscript  homes,  the  following  suit  sage-street,  with  fracture  mouth  and  ,  lips  ;  (driver  of  one  of  the  engines,  Caerington-street  ;  Riley  (drives  Bottom,  Litchurch  ;  all  of  but  not  of  a  serious  character  terrace,  also  received  injuries  o  under  the  care  of  his  own  medic  Samuel  Kent  MANCHESTER  DIOCESAN  CHURCH  B  CIETY.—The  usual  quarterly  meeting  held  yesterday,  in  one  of  the  Committe-  Hall,  King-street,  Manchester;  when  tl  Right  Rev.  the  Lord  Bishop.  of  Manch  the  chair)  ;  the  Rev.  Canons  :Raines,  111  and  Parr;  the  Venerable  the  Archde  (the  Rev.  Mr.  Rushton)  ;  and  upward  other  clergy  residing  In  the  city.,  Amo  we  noticed  Mr.  S.  Wilson  Patten,  M.I  .  ,  _  Parker,  M.P.  ;  Mr.  Councillor  'Joseph  Laml  .TOnes  ;  Mr.  Worsley,  of  _Platt  _Hall  Hibbert  ;  Mr.  Thomas  Clegg  ;  to  the  Bishop)  ;  and  the  Hon.  E.  citor,  and  the  Rev.  J.  P.  Pitcairn  the  Finance  Committee  respectim  _  was  approved  of  and  adopted  unanimous  versation,  the  following  grants  wer  the  enlargement  of  Longsight  chin  erection  of  Saint  Matthew's  church  ham  ;  £l5O  in  aid  of  the  erection  £25  in  aid  of  the  enlargement  of  aid  of  the  building  of  Werneth  Several  accounts  were  ordered  to  the  grant  made  in  aid  of  the  erection  of  a  chu  age  within  the  diocese,  a  c(  having  been  produced.  A  ITE  signature  of  the  architect  be  iv,  specting  the  completion  of  wi  specially  dispensed  with  by  tin  the  signatures  of  the  incum  unanimously  agreed  to.  I  gentlemen  had  consented  to  Society.  We  cannot  too  hi  our  readers  this  iiistitut  ILDINC  to  all  c  make  grants  in  aid  of  tl  and  of  the  erection  of  n  the  diocese.  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLME  Oxford-street,  at  his  General  Printing  and  Establishment,  19,  South  John-street,  Liverpool  FRIDAY,  OCTOBER  7,  1853,,  _  Gcor  imbers,V  re STYLE=superscript  ;  •0  cut  on  t,  Redfern,  of  Arbact  is  head  and  body,  tv  Dreg  R.'  Town  i STYLE=superscript  g  W"
