text
"CENTRALIZATION  IN  MONEY.  (From  the  London  Constitutional.)  We  are  indebted  to  a  valued  correspondent  for  the  fol following  lowing following  communication  upon  a  subject  of  pressing  importance  at  the  present  moment.  Colonel  Thompson  has  admirably  hit  off  some  of  the  most  striking  absurdities  of  our  money  laws.  That  the  present  system  is  submitted  to  for  a  moment  is  a  fact  which  testifies  to  the  utter  ignorance  prevailing  upon  the  most  important  and  at  the  same  time  one  of  the  simplest  questions  in  the  whole  range  of  economical  science.  For  what  have  we  a  board  of  money-lenders  in  London,  elected  by  the  private  proprietors  of  a  joint-stock  bank;  endued  with  the  powers  of  legislation  and  government  ;  using  those  powers  from  time  to  time  in  such  a  way  as  powerfully  to  affect  every  trade  and  calling,  and  so  every  man,  woman,  and  child  in  the  British  Dominions  ;  and  yet  guided  in  the  employment  of  the  most  influential  and  for formidable  midable formidable  agencies  thus  mischievously  placed  at  their  command,  solely  by  a  regard  to  the  private  and  selfish  interests  of  themselves  and  their  fellow  proprietors  !  Can  centralisation  be  worse  ?  What  were  our  Chambers  of  Commerce  and  Commercial  Association  doing,  to  permit  such  a  power  to  be  entrusted  to  a  board  of  interested  and  irresponsible  indivi individuals  duals individuals  ?  Why  do  they  not  at  once  bestir  themselves  to  free  trade  and  production  from  a  grasp  so  fatal  ?  Laissez  faire,  cry  .  the  political  economists  whenever  it  has  been  suggested  to  interpose  central  or  local  authority  between  the  strong  and  the  weak,  between  the  infant  operative  and  the  dynasty  of  cotton,  between  the  cheated  work-people  and  their  truck truckpaying  paying truckpaying  employer.  Let  us  said  the  French  mer merchants  chants merchants  to  the  meddling  monarch  who  offered  to  protect  their  trade  and  regulate  it  for  their  benefit.  But  what,  in  the  whole  range  of  legislative  interference  between  capital  and  labour,  ancient  and  modern,  is  to  be  compared  for  unsoundness  in  principle  and  evil  in  result,  with  a  contrivance  by  which  twelve  (or  twenty-four)  irresponsible  can  at  pleasure  check,  regulate,  and  mischievously  interfere  with  the  concerns  of  every  trade,  and  every  description  of  indus industry,  try, industry,  in  every  counting-house  and  work-room  of  Manchester,  Leeds,  or  Glasgow  ?  We  are  gladto  see  our  friends  in  the  north  awakening  to  a  sense  of  their  miserable  servitude.  The  following  passa passages  ges passages  are  extracted  from  the  first  number  of  a  daily  newspaper,  the  Northern  Times,  lately  originated  by  gentlemen  connec connected  ted connected  with  the  two  great  foci  of  commerce—Manchester  and  Liverpool,  and  which,  if  it  continues  as  it  has  begun,  is  likely  to  prove  a  formidable  rival  to  its  southern  contempor contemporaries.  aries. contemporaries.  says  the  writer,  money  be  the  moving  ele element  ment element  of  production,  the]  producer  should  never  lose  sight  of  its  perfect  control.  If  it  has  a  function  to  perform  in  the  distribution  of  production,  the  bona  fide  producers  should  never  allow  the  power  of  using  it  and  directing  its  use  to  pass  from  their  hands.  If  its  accumulation,  as  the  result  of  honest  industry  and  legitimate  enterprise,  bestows  moral  power  or  political  distinction,  who  will  venture  to  question  the  right  of  the  producers  to  manage  the  reward  of  their  labour  ?  That  the  North  of  England  does  produce  more  than  seven-eights  of  the  whole  manutactures  of  the  three  kingdoms,  and  that  Liverpool  is  the  great  centre  of  distri distribution  bution distribution  for  three-fourths  of  the  world's  production,  no  one  denies.  Why.  then,  does  the  north,  why  does  Liverpool  hold  a  second-class  position  in  monetary  circles  at  home  and  abroad  ?  If  bullion  is  to  remain  the  basis  of  our  currency  ;  if  gold  can  be  sustained  as  our  standard  of  value  with  safety  to  the  creditor-interest,  surely  the  traders  of  the  North,  as  the  largest  realizers  and  holders  of  bullion,  may  be  entrusted  with  the  management  of  their  own  gold,  without  endangering  any  one  of  the  fundamental  principles  of  our  existing  monetary  institutions.  Of  the  thirty-five-and-a-half  millions  of  gold  imported  into  Eng England  land England  within  the  last  two  years,  at  least  three-fifths  of  the  whole  amount  is  the  property  of  the  Northern  manufactur manufacturers,  ers, manufacturers,  shipowners.  and  merchants  ;  and  it  is  a  matter  of  uni universal  versal universal  amazement  that  these  men,  who  have  but  one  legiti legitimate  mate legitimate  pursuit--one  idea—one  hope—production  !  produc production  tion production  !  should  passively  surrender  the  great  moving  power  of  their  commercial  existence  to  a  conclave  of  gentlemen  sitting  in  Threadneedle-street,  whose  collective  wisdom  certainly  has  not  done  so  much  for  their  country  or  civilization  as  the  humble  and  industrious  sons  of  the  This  argument  seems  to  us  incapable  - STYLE=superscript  of  being  answered,  either  logically  or  by  an  appeal  to  facts.  The  single  ques question  tion question  is,  Has  this  conclave  of  private  bankers  in  London  any  power  whatever  to  alter  at  discretion  the  relations  of  capital  and  labour—buyer  and  seller—debtor  and  creditor  ?  Can  they,  by  a  stroke  of  the  pen,  without  notice,  without  appeal,  and  without  compensation—by  altering  however  slightly,  the  interest  of  money,  alter  the  value  of  loanable  capital,  and  so,  of  every  description  of  investment  and  pro property  perty property  in  the  country  ?  It  would  be  a  waste  of  argument  to  show  that  no  such  power  ought  to  be  deposited  in  the  hands  of  any  man  or  body  of  men,  either  in  London  or  elsewhere.  It  is  equally  clear  that  with  our  present  system  of  credit,  enormous  as  Sir  R.  Peel  termed  it,  built  upon  the  very  smallest  of  actual  cash  —  credit  depending  upon  confidence,  and  confidence  liable  to  be  destroyed  for  months  or  years  by  emer emergencies  gencies emergencies  or  rumours  that  may  arise  at  any  moment—in  such  a  system,  we  say,  the  minutest  exercise  of  such  a  power  over  the  whole  circulating  medium  of  the  country,  is  fraught  with  extensive  mischief  and  danger  to  society.  If,  then,  such  a  power  exists--experience  has  shown  it  largely  ex exerted,  erted, exerted,  and  no  one  surely  will  assert  that  it  does  not  exist  at  all—it  ought  at  once  to  cease,  and  by  its  cessation  relieve  our  commercial  system  from  much  of  the  present  alterna alterna.a.—  .a.— alterna.a.—  nnd  .woos  4.11er  whioh  caSIC  v  6  IG.  Thu  tiuua,luo.  of  abolishing  the  mischievous  powers  of  the  Bank  of  England  necessarily  involves  a  consideration  of  its  present  sources  of  profit,  and  its  remuneration  for  services  to  the  Executive  Government.  This  consideration  is  effectually  disposed  of  by  our  correspondent.  The  Bank  has  received  by  the  na national  tional national  grace  a  charter  conferring  considerable  privileges  ir irrespective  respective irrespective  of  this  mischievous  one  of  increasing  its  divi dividends  dends dividends  by  tampering  with  the  currency.  It  has  abundant  other  sources  of  profit,  without  being  permitted  to  betake  it itself  self itself  to  this.  A  charter  let  it  still  have,  but  let  that  charter  be  granted  solely  upon.  terms  of  unmixed  advantage  to  the  community.  Let  it  no  longer  be  permitted  to  exploiter  (or  job)  the  circulation  in  the  smallest  degree.  Let  its  rate  of  discounts  for  good  paper  be  fixed  within  certain  limits.  Let  advantage  be  reaped  by  its  shareholders  rather  from  the  steadiness  than  (as  at  present)  from  the  fluctuations  of  the  money  market.  If  it  be  a  hardship  to  prohibit  the  Bank  from  making  money  too  cheap  when  its  store  of  bullion  happens  to  be  plentiful,  or  to  compel  the  Bank  to  issue  notes  at  reasonable  rates  of  interest  when  coin,  though  adundant,  in  fact  may,  through  fear  of  ocarcity,  be  hoarded  and  unobtainable,—let  this  hardship  be  fairly  met  and  com compensated.  pensated. compensated.  If  the  Bank  Directors  are  still  dissatisfied,  they  eau  but  resign  their  charter.  If  they  will  not  continue  to  discharge  the  functions  of  note-printers  or  paper-money  issuers  to  the  community,  that  function  can  be  readily  dis discharged  charged discharged  by  a  special  department  like  the  Mint  or  the  Post Postoffice,  office, Postoffice,  merely  acting  ministerially  —devoid  of  any  mischievous  discretion,  and  endowed  with  no  power  over  the  rate  of  interest,  i.  e.  over  the  capital  which_  forms  the  only  source  of  ,industrial  operations.  We  may  hereafter  return  to  this  important  subject;  meanwhile  we  direct  attention  to  the  remarks  with  which  we  have  been  favoured  by  one  whose  life-long  services  to  the  cause  of  free-trade,  though  it  has  been  the  fashion  to  forget  them  fora  time,  will  probably  fill  a  larger  page  in  history  than  some  great  platform  celebrities,  and  whose  thorough  mastery  of  every  topic  of  economical  science  exceeds  beyond  all  question  that  possessedby  any  other  living  writer.  MUSIC,  MALT,  AND  HOPS.—Messrs.  Bass  and  Co.  the  teetotallers  will  be  glad  to  hear,  have  published  a  circu circular  lar circular  in  the  name  of  the  Burton  Pale  Ale  Brewers,  announcing  the  intention  of  raising  the  price  of  their  beer  by  6s.  per  cask.  This  concert  amon&amp;•  the  brewers,  with  a  Bass  for  leader,  exhibits  some  novelties  in  harmony.  The  Bass  rises  instead  of  descending  into  the  scale  of  price,  and  by  thus  in increasing  creasing increasing  in  height,  will,  strange  to  say,  reach  up  to  double  bass.  One  step  more  will  raise  it  to  treble  bass  ;  but  that  will  be  a  contradiction  in  terms,  and  absolutely  ridicu ridiculous.—Punch.  lous.—Punch. ridiculous.—Punch.  THE  CONVICT  AND  HIS  FAMILY.—SOIDO  six  Or  seven  and  twenty  years  ago,  there  was  a  notorious  gang  of  desperate  offenders  in  Felmersham,  whose  frequent  depreda depredations  tions depredations  spread  terror  throughout  the  place  and  neighbourhood.  At  length  sure  footed  justice  overtook  the  desperadoes  in  their  career,  and  most,  if  not  all,  of  them  were  transported,  some  of  them  for  their  natural  lives.  Amongst  these  was  one  man  of  the  name  of  Corstin.  About  the  time  he  went  to  gaol  at  Bedford,  his  wife  gave  birth  to  a  son.  That  son,  we  under understand,  stand, understand,  he  never  saw.  The  lad  grew  up  an  idle,  ragged,  wretched  being,  who  led  a  ;loose,  dissolute  life,  always  sus suspected,  pected, suspected,  and  frequently  in  the  hands  of  the  police.  Twenty  years  after  his  father's  trial  and  conviction,  this  son  was  con  •  victed  of  petty  larceny,  at  Bedford.  On  his  release  from  prison  he  hung  about  Felmersham  a  little  longer,  then  plucking  up  a  spirit,  he  enlisted  in  a  foot  regiment,  and  subsequently  visited  his  native  place  once,  if  not  twice,  on  furlough,  previous  to  the  embarkation  of  the  regiment  for  India  ;  and  certainly  it  was  most  gratifying  to  his  friends  to  witness  the  metamorphosis  he  had  undergone.  In  addition  to  the  great  improvement  in  his  appearance  —once  a  mean,  dirty,  slovenly-looking  lad,  now  a  smart,  active,  brisk  young  soldier,  he  had  undergone  a  moral  change  as  well.  It  was,  certainly,  somewhat  amusing  to  hear  the  once  young  profligate  chiding  his  quondam  companions  for  their  profane  vulgarity,  and  giving  them  a  few  words  of  whole wholesome  some wholesome  advice.  To  return  to  his  parents.  Many  years  after  his  father's  banishment,  his  mother,  considering  herself  in  the  con condition  dition condition  of  a  widow,  especially  as  the  sentence  was  against  her  husband,  married  again  to  a  person  named  Neal,  by  whom  she  has  a  family.  Some  few  weeks  ago  a  stranger,  well  furnished  with  the  golden  fruits  of  Aus Australia,  tralia, Australia,  s  isited  Felmersham.  He  was  soon  recognized  to  be  the  veritable  transport  himself,  who  by  his  reformed  conduct  had  at  length  obtained  his  free  pardon,  and  by  his  industry  and  hard  labour  had  become  the  possessor  of  both  land  and  money,  and  had  undertaken  a  voyage  from  Australia,  where  he  had  been  lately  residing,  on  purpose  to  take  back  his  son  to  that  now  land  of  On  arriving  in  England,  he  was  greatly  disappointed  to  find  his  son  had  sailed,  but  we  believe  it  is  his  intention  to  purchase  his  discharge.  The  most  touching  circumstance,  however,  connected  with  his  visit  was  that  of  his  wife's  being  married  again,  and  residing  in  the  village.  The  poor  woman  was  much  confused  when  she  heard  of  his  return,  but  her  mind  was  somewhat  set  at  rest  when  she  found  he  had  no  intention  of  reclaiming  her,  chiefly  on  account  of  the  family  she  had  by  her  present  husband.  After  an  interview  with  her,  which  was  rather  of  an  exciting  character,  he  bade  farewell  to  England,  and  is  now  on  his  passage,  accompanied  by  a  nephew,  back  to  that  land  which  is  absorbing  so  much  of  the  youth,  the  manhood,  the  energy,  and  the  enterprise  of  this  great  centre  of  civilisation,—Bedford  Mercury.  IRELAXD  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  THURSDAY,  THE  EXHIBITION  BANQUET  One  of  the  most  magnificent  entertainments  that  ever  took  place  in  Dublin,  was  given  last  night,  in  the  King's  Room  of  the  Mansion  House,  to  Wil William  liam William  Dargan,  and  the  Executive  Committee  of  the  Exhibition.  There  were  over  600  persons  present,  The  Chair  was  taken  by  William  Fry,  Esq.,  T.C.,  on  whose  right  sat  the  guest  of  the  evening.  Amongst  the  distinguished  individuals  present,  were  :—The  Lord  Mayor,  the  Lord  Chancellor,  Lord  Clancarty,  Lord  Massareene,  Lord  Talbot  de  Malahide,  Lord  Ward,  Lord  Gougli,  Lord  Ross Rossmore,  more, Rossmore,  Lord  Bective,  Lord  Bessborough,  Sir  Her Hervey  vey Hervey  Brno°,  Sir  A.  Brooke,  Sir  P.  Nugent,  Sir.  J.  Benson,  Sir  W.  M.  Somerville,  Sir  C.  Roney,  &amp;c.  Grace  having  been  said,  ____  ..._  The  Chairman  iose  and  said  it  was  customary  on  such  occasions  as  this  to  propose  certain  toasts,  which  the  press  disposed  of  by  saying,  the  usual  toasts  having  been  But  he  was  sure  the  company  would  remember  that  the  Queen  herself  had  been  an  exhibitdr,  that  she  and  her  royal  con consort  sort consort  had  sent  several  valuable  and  interesting  articles  to  the  exposition,  and  afterwards  done  that  which  had  given  them  still  greater  delight.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  They  all  remembered  the  cir  cumstance  which  had  caused  a  postponement  of  the  royal  visit  for  some  time—namely,  illness  in  the  royal  family.  However,  they  were  all  acquainted  with  the  circumstances  of  the  royal  visit,  and  of  the  visit  to  Mr.  Dargan,  which  he  believed  every  Irishman  considered  to  be  a  compliment  paid  to  himself  individually.  (Great  cheering.)  He  had  no  hesitation  in  saying  that  that  was  one  of  the  most  popular  acts  of  her  Majesty's  popular  reign.  (Cheers.)  This  was  the  Sovereign  whose  health  he  proposed  ;  and  with  those  observations  he  gave  them,  The  (Drunk  with  nine  times  nine.)  Air  God  save  the  entire  company  join joining  ing joining  in.the  chorus  to  the  National  Anthem,  with  an  exceed exceedingly  ingly exceedingly  fine  effect.  The  next  toast  was  that  of  Prince  Albert,  after  Which  the  Chairman  proposed  The  Lord-Lieute Lord-Lieutenant.  nant. Lord-Lieutenant.  and  Prosperity  to  The  Lord  Chancellor  responded  to  the  toast  of  The  Lord  Chancellor  and  the  Irish  Lord  Gough  acknowledged  The  Army  and  Navy  and  Lord  Letters  of  apology  were  then  read  from  the  Lord  Lieutenant,  the  Sheriff  of  London,  the  Mayor  of  Liverpool,  the  Mayor  of  Manchester,  the  Marquis  Of  Kildare,  and  others.  The  Chairman  stated  that  Mr.  Acheson,  who  was  the  mover  of  the  address  to  the  Executive  Commit Committee,  tee, Committee,  would  proceed  to  read  it.  Mr.  Acheson  accordingly  came  forward  and  read  the  following  address  :  TO  THE  EXECUTIVE  COMMITTEE  OF  THE  GREAT  INDUSTRIAL  EXHIBITION  3lst  October,  1853  MY  LORDS  AND  GENTLRMEN,—We,  the  committee  of  the  exhibitors  at  the  Great  Industrial  Exhibition  of  1853  tako  this  opportunity  of  expressing  our  sentiments  respecting  the  memorable  events  of  the  past  year.  Scarcely  twelve  months  ago  our  country  had  barely  re recovered  covered recovered  from  the  effects  of  poverty  and  distress,  struggling  for  self-dependence  with  unwonted  energy,  to  attain  to  a  prosperous  condition,  and  receiving  her  reward  when  the  usual  exhibition  of  manufactures  under  the  auspices  of  the  Royal  Dublin  Society  was  announced.  It  is  known  to  all  the  world  how  our  generous  and  dis distinguished  tinguished distinguished  countryman,  William  Dargan,  came  forward  to  render  the  exhibition  not  only  worthy  of  Ireland,  but  a  suitable  sequent  to  that  of  1851.  We  are  fully  aware  of  the  great  difficulties  connected  with  the  formation  and  arrangement  of  so  large  and  splendid  an  undertaking,  and  how  much  depended  on  the  exertions  of  those  appointed  to  carry  them  out  ;  in  a  wore',  upon  the  exertions  of  the  committee  depended  success  or  failure.  My  Lords  and  Gentlemen,  we  are  proud  of  the  opportu opportunity  nity opportunity  of  congratulating  you  upon  the  entire  success  of  this  undertaking,  that  your  labours  have  had  their  reward,  not  only  in  the  general  approbation  of  your  countrymen,  but  also  of  our  Sovereign  and  the  numerous  visitors  from  Great  Britain,  the  Continent,  and  America.  But,  whilst  bestowing  upon  you  onr  warmest  approbation  for  your  untiring  zeal,  we  are  not  forgetful  of  the  man  who  has  done  so  much  good  for  Ireland,  whose  disinterested  generosity  has  won  for  him  the  name  of  national  benefactor.  To  William  Dargan  we  owe  the  great  benefits  arising  from  the  Exhibition—to  him  we  owe  the  breaking  down  the  barrier  which  seemed  to  exist  between  England  and  Ireland,  in  one  short  season  pouring  a  flood  of  wealth,  not  only  into  this  city,  but  into  the  entire  country,  the  effects  of  which  will,  we  trust,  be  felt  in  succeeding  years.  _  _  _  Beyond  this  we  hail  the  great  advantage  of  having  given  an  impetus  to  industrial  pursuits  and  self  -dependence.  We  must  repeat  that,  notwithstanding  the  great  co-operation  he  has  received  from  you,  we  cannot  find  words  sufficiently  strong  to  express  our  admiration  of  William  Dargan,  who  has  refused  title,  for  it  could  not  dignify  him,—who  has  decline'  rank,  for  it  could  not  ennoble  him,—and  who,  we  rejoice  fo  say,  has  received  from  our  most  gracious  Sovereign  the  highest  honour  it  was  in  her  power  to  pay  a  subject.  With  lasting  sentiments  of  esteem,  and  best  wishes  for  the  futiire  happiness  of  you  all,  we  have  the  honour  to  remain,  my  lords  and  gentlemen,  your's,  &amp;c.  .  .  Signed  on  behalf  of  the  committee,  W.  FRY,  Chairman.  JOHN  CLASSON,  Hon.  Sera.  W.  H.  KERR,  Alderman  Roe  returned  the  following  reply  :  MEI.  FRY,  MY  LORDS  AND  GENTLEMEN.--Permit  me  to  express,  on  behalf  of  the  Committee  of  the  Great  Iniustrial  Exhibition,  our  warmest  obligations  for  the  valuable  testimony  you  have  just  borne  to  onr  exertions  in  promoting  the  suness  of  that  great  enterprise.  Selected  by  Mr.  Dargan  and  by  the  Royal  Dublin  Society  to  assist  him  in  carrying  his  unexampled  and  munificent  project  into  execution,  we  rejoice  to  find  that  the  manner  in  which  we  have  discharged  the  trust  reposed  in  us  has  mei  with  your  approval.  While  we  cordially  unite  with  you  in  ascribirg  to  our  dis distinguished  tinguished distinguished  fellow-countryman  all  honour  for  his  patriotic  con conduct,  duct, conduct,  we  cannot  forget  that  his  liberality  would  have  been  fruitless,  had  he  not  received  such  generous  suiport  from  those  whose  contributions  in  arts  and  manufactures  graced  the  noble  pile  he  erected  for  their  reception.  To  the  exhibitors  from  foreign  countries,  as  well  as  those  from  the  sister  kingdom  and  our  own  island.  we  would  there therefore  fore therefore  desire  to  express  our  best  thanks  for  that  noble  collection,  the  examination  of  which  has  gratified  mad  instructed  our  people.  If  it  shall  be  found,  as  we  confidently  believe  it  will,  that  the  interests  of  trade  and  commerce  hare  been  benefited  by  this  Exhibition,  the  best  wishes  of  William  Dargan  will  have  been  realized,  and  our  labours  amply  rewarded.  In  the  high  honour  which  has  been  sc  gracefully  accorded  to  him  by  our  beloved  Sovereign,  the  dignity  of  human  labour  has  been  recognised  in  a  manner  which  has  made  a  deep  impression  on  her  subjects,  and  will  form  one  of  the  most  interesting  and  instructive  events  in  the  history  of  this  country.  Reciprocating  with  sincerity  the  kind  sentiments  with  which  your  address  concludes,  we  have  the  honour  to  be,  Mr.  Fry,  my  lords  and  gentlemen,  your  faithful  servants,  GEORGIC  RoE,  Chairman  ,  The  Chairman  then  proposed  the  Health  of  '  The  Executive  Committee,  and  Mr.  Alderman  Mr.  Alderman  Roe,  on  returning  thanks,  stated,  amid  loud  cheers,  that  Mr.  Dargan  had  requested  him  to  announce  that  he  was  quite  satisfied  with  the  pecuniary  results  of  the  Exhibition.  The  Chairman  then  proposed  The  Health  of  William  which  was  received  with  loud  aad  continued  cheering.  _  Mr.  Dargan,  on  rising  to  respond,  was  received  with  enthusiastic  cheers.  He  said—Mr.  Chairnan,  my  lords,  and  'gentlemen,  I  thank  you  most  deeply  and  most  sincerely  for  the  honour  you  have  done  me  by  the  cordiality,  the  good  feeling,  and  the  ap appreciation  preciation appreciation  which  I  discovered  in  that  hearty  cheer  with  which  I  was  received  and  delighted.  (Cheers.)  There  are  many  classes  of  men  in  the  community  performing  their  own  duties  with  every  attention,  every  care,  and  every  justice  ;  but  the  man  who,  upon  his  own  intelligence,  in  the  application  of  his  own  energies,  —who,  in  the  applicaticn  of  that  gifted  mind  which  so  peculiarly  belongs,  to  the  manufacturer,  the  artist,  and  the  genius,  —who,  whilst  he  is  prosecuting  his  own  legitimate  ob object  ject object  for  his  own  advantage,  by  its  advancement  spreads  the  blessings  and  benefits  which  the  em employment  ployment employment  of  labour  gives,  to  sustain  the  rich  and  support  the  poor,—it  is  from  this  class  of  men,  whom  I  believe.  to  be  the  great  stay  in  human  so society  ciety society  for  its  advancement,  that  I  have  now  received  this  distinguished  honour.  (Hear,  hear.)  And  I  can  truly  say  that  there  is  no  compliment  that  could  have  Come  upon  me  with  equal  force,  with  equal  value  to  my  own  feelings,  as  that  conferred  upon  Me  by  men  of  my  own  station,  arid  prosecuting  my  own  duties.  (Cheers.)  I  may  now  tell  you,  who  have  contributed  so  largely  to  what  we  all,  thank  goodness,  are  able  to  feel—though  at  one  time  we  have  thought  there  was  a  great  doubt  of  our  suc success;  cess; success;  but  I  can  now  point  to  what  we  did  under  the  management  of  a  number  of  gentlemen  who  have  taken  up  the  duties  here  without  any  pros prospect  pect prospect  of  reward,  except  the  approbation  of  their  cbuntrymen.  These  gentlemen  displayed  an  amount  of  skill,  of  judgment,  and  of  untiring  per perseverance,  severance, perseverance,  that  I  never  before  saw  equalled  by  any  gentlemen  who  gave  up  their  time  for  the"
