text
"THE  TRAGEDY  TN  LONDON,  We  have  already  recorded  the  committal  of  the  wretched  man,  Corrigan,  under  the  coroner's  warrant  for  the  wilful  murder  of  his  wife,  striae  which  period  large  crowds  of  idle  persons  of  both  sexes  assembled  in  front  of  the  late  residence  of  Corrigan,  and  several  police  con constables  stables constables  of  the  H  division  were  in  attendance  'in  Selby Selbystreet  street Selbystreet  East,  Waterloo  -town,  to  preserve  order  among  the  curious,  who  were  anxious  to  catch  a  glimpse  of  the  visi visitors  tors visitors  to  the  four  unfortunate  children  who  have  been  left  in  the  care  of  Mrs.  How,  the  sister  of  the  deceased  woman.  On  Saturday  afternoon,  shortly  before  one  o'clock,  Mrs.  How  proceeded  to  the  House  of  Detention,  Clerkenwell,  ed  her  to  bring  to  the  A  girl  with  her,  but  was  not  tied  to  the  prison,  as  the  father  and  brother  of  Cor Cora  a Cora  had  just  visited  him  in  the  cell,  and,  in  ace  miance  with  the  prison  regulations,  she  was  directed  by  the  turnkey  to  attend  at  twelve  o'clock  the  following  day.  The  clothes  were  taken  from  her,  and  subsequently  they  were  handed  to  the  prisoner.  The  interview  between  Corrigan  and  his  father  and  brother  in  the  cell  was  of  a  painful  character.  The  prisoner  exclaimed,  Oh,  father  and  at  the  same  moment  he  embraced  •  his  aged  parent  with  deep  emotion,  and  in  a  paroxysm  of  grief  he  shook  hands  with  his  brother  and  pressed  him  to  his  bosom.  The  meeting  was  of  short  duration,  and  in  a  few  minutes  the  prisoner  was  again  in  th  the  articles  the  prison  She  had  the  eld  the  care  of  a  keeper.  It  seems  that  since  his  incarceration  in  the  gaol  he  has  been  several  times  employed  in  writing  to  his  friends,  and  on  Sunday  morning  he  attended  Divine  worship  in  the  prison.  In STYLE=superscript  spector  Gernon  has  been  to  a  great  number  of  shops  in  the  Cutlery  trade,  and  from  what  transpired  on  Saturday  afternoon  there  seems  but  very  little  doubt  that  the  fatal  knite  with  which  the  murder  was  committed  was  purchased  at  the  warehouse  of  Messrs.  Davis  and.  Son,  66,  Leadenhall-steet,  c  ity.  The  knife  is  precisely  similar  to  those  kept  in  Stocfr,  except  that  the  one  taken  from  Corrigan  has  no  maker's  name.  It  is  a  remarkable  fact  that  this  is  the  shop  where  Blakesley  (who  - STYLE=superscript  was  executed  for  the  murder  in  East Eastcheap,  cheap, Eastcheap,  some  years  since)  purchased  the  butcher's  knife  shortly  before  that  dreadful  tragedy  was  perpetrated  by  him.  On  Monday  morning  a  number  of  benevolent  persons  commenced  a  •  subscription  in  behalf  of  the  four  poor  children.  Mrs.  Burton  and  Mrs.  Fearon,  who  sustained  such  serious  injuries  on  the  arms  and  hands  in  the  struggle  for  the  knife,  are  still  in  a  weakly  condition,  and  the  former  is  yet  under  the  care  of  Mr.  Cook,  the  surgeon.  BANKRUPTCY  COURT.-YESTERDAY.  (BEFORE  IN  RE.  PATRICK  twelve  otcl,3ck  report  of  the  proce  :h  the  b  -0--  the  4eire  ogs  in  tho  c,  to  state  the  11n  11  ft"
