text
"this  assertion,  or  rather  axiom,  let  us  hope  that,  if  the  English  Government  will  not  take  the  lead  in  opening  new  markets  for  our  rapidly  increasing  pro  ductions,  that  they  'will  at  all  events  follow  others  and  endeavour  in  the  formation  of  treaties,  to  see  that  British  interests  are  not  altogether  omitted  from  the  list  of  nations,  who  may  be  permitted  to  trade  in  the  dominions  to  which  they  relate.  Between  this  and  the  month  of  May,  arrange arrangements  ments arrangements  might  be  made  by  which  the  interests  of  English  merchants  may  be  represented  at  Jeddo  by  a  British  man-of-war.  The  privileges  the  Em Emperor  peror Emperor  of  Japan  may  bestow  on  the  Americans,  will  be  equally  valuable  . STYLE=superscript  to  England;  and  the  most  appropriate  moment  to  urge  this  point  is  when  his  Majesty  may  be  yielding  to  the  force  of  necessity  in  another  quarter.  The  Americans  having  embarked  in  so  formidable  an  enterprise,  will  be  sure  to  fol follow  low follow  it  up,  and  we  again  assert  that  the  interests  of  this  country  should  be  fully  represented  at  the  next  meeting  of  Commodore  Perry  and  the  Emperor  of  Japan.  THE  LIVERPOOL  ELECTION  PETITION.  Some  few  days  since  our  contemporary,  the  Albion,  announced,  and  the  statement  was  repeated  by  others,  that  the  petition  against  the  return  of  Messrs.  Horsfall  &amp;  Liddell,  as  members  of  parliament  for  this  borough,  had  been  withdrawn.  We  have  authority  for  stating  that  this  announcement  only  conveyed  half  the  fact  ;  for,  although  it  is  quite  true  that  the  original  petition  has  been  with..  drawn,  it  is  equally  true  that  an  amended  one  has  been  substituted,  which  prays  not  only  for  the  unseating  of  Messrs.  Horsfall  aqd  Liddell,  but  that  a  commission  may  sit,  in  Liverpool,  for  the  purpose  of  inquiring,  generally,  into  the  practices  which  prevail  here  during  parliamentary  contests.  It  prays,  further,  for  the  entire  defranchisement  of  the  Freemen  of  the  bo.rough.  THE  STEAMER  OLINDA.—In  our  impression  of  yesterday  it  was  stated  that  this  vessel  had  put  back  to  Liverpool  after  her  mishap  in  the  Channel,  and  that  there  had  been  some  disagreement  between  her  officers  and  crew.  These  facts  had  reference  to  another  vessel,  and  a  simple  announce announcement  ment announcement  of  the  arrival  of  the  Olinda  at  this  port  from  Queens Queenstown  town Queenstown  was  all  that  was  int  e  nd  e  d.  W  e  regre  t  th  e  error  because  it  may  have  given  pain  to  innocent  parties.  MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL.  LIVERPOOL,  MONDAY  EVENING.  This  being  a  general  holiday  throughout  Eng England,  land, England,  we  are  unable  to  give  any  ofour  usual  Monetary  and  Commercial  intelligence.  CONSECRATION  07  A  NEW  CHURCH  AT  CROSBY.  Yesterday  forenoon  the  Right  Rev.  the  Lord  Bishop  of  Chester  consecrated  a  new  church  which  has  just  been  erected  at  Great  Crosby.  Additional  church  accommodation  being  required  in  the  district,  a  subscription  was  entered  into  towards  the  funds  for  the  erection  of  a  new  church,  and  in  March  last  the  foundation  stone  was  laid.  On  the  occasion  of  the  opening,  and  consecration  services,  yesterday,  there  was  a  very  numerous  attendance,  the  sac  re  d  edifice  being  quite  crowded.  Amongst  those  present  we  noticed  his  worship  the  mayor  of  Liverpool,  John  Buck  Lloyd,  Esq.,  also  several  of  the  clergy  and  gentry  of  the  neighbourhood,  including  the  Rev.  John  Jones,  M.A.,  in incumbent  cumbent incumbent  of  Waterloo  ;  Rev.  T.  G.  Leigh,  M.A.,  rector  of  Walton;  Rev.  H.  Hampton,  M.A.,  incumbent  of  St.  James's,  Liverpool;  Rev.  Mr.  Evans,  incumbent  of  Grasmere;  J.  Myers,  Esq.,  and  family  ;  R.  Theakstone,  Esq.,  and  family  ;  R.  Horsfall  Esq.,  and  Mrs.  Horsfall  ;  C.  Jones,  Esq.  ;  T.  Carson,  Esq.,  Mr.  Councillor  A.  Henderson,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  ,The  new  church,  which  is  situate  on  the  east  side  of  the  high  road  leading  from  Liverpool  to  Crosby,  is  built  in  the  decorated  Gothic  style  of  architecture,  being  cruciform  in  the  plan,  with  nave,  transepts,  and  chancel.  The  tower  and  spire,  which  are  at  the  west  end  of  the  building,  are  120  feet  in  height.  The  white  Stourton  stone  has  been  used  in  the  construction  of  the  building,  filled  in  with  rocked  stone  from  Upholland,  near  Wigan.  The  tower  and  spire  are  elegant  in  their  proportions,  and  form  an  important  and  striking  object  in  the  landscape.  The  spire  may  be  seen  a  consider considerable  able considerable  distance  before  entering  the  Mersey.  The  interior  of  the  building  is  strikingly  effective.  The  length  of  the  edifice  is  108  feet,  the  width  of  the  nave  is  40  feet,  and  the  transept  28  feet.  The  height  is  20  feet  to  the  cornice,  and  40  feet  to  the  apex  of  the  roof.  The  whole  of  the  aisles,  chancel  and  porch  are  laid  with  Minton's  encaustic  tiles,  those  in  the  chancel  being  of  an  exceedingly  rich  and  ornamental  character.  The  vestry  is  on  the  north  side  of  the  chancol  and  passing  through  a  t-creen  from  the  form,  a  short  flight  of  steps  leads  to  the  pulpit,  which  is  of  a  peculiar  eb  aracter,  being  built  up  like  the  church•  of  white  carved  stone,  filled  in  with  rocked  stone  of  a  blue  tint,  and  surmounte‘:  by  an  elaborate  arch  with  canopy  and  carved  work.  On  the  side  of  the  chancel  is  the  organ  re recess.  cess. recess.  The  reading  desk,  is  formed  of  open  carved  work,  and  the  font,  which  is  in  front  of  it,  is  of  Bath  stone.  The  roof  has  a  very  light  appearance,  being  open  and  formed  by  arched  ribs.  The:windows  of  the  chancel,which  is  of  octagonal  form,  are  composed  of  stained  glass,  from  the  maunfactory  of  Messrs  Pilkington,  of  St.  Helen's.  The  centre  window  contains  medallion  subjects,  including  the  Birth  of  the  Disputation  in  the  the  Cruci 'Crucifixion,'  and  the  The  side  windows  contain  the  arms  of  the  Lord  Bishop  of  Chester,  the  Venerable  Archdeacon  Brooks,  the  rector  of  Sephton,  the  Rev.  Richard  Walker,  the  incumbent  ;  John  Myers,  Esq.,  Richard  Gerard,  Esq.,  and  J.  Houghton,  Esq.  The  general  appearance  of  these  windows  add  much  to  the  beauty  of  the  edifice.  There  are  no  galleries  except  one  at  the  west  end  of  the  church,  which  is  exclusively  appropriated  to  the  pupils  of  the  mer merchant  chant merchant  tailors'  company  of  London,  who  have  a  foundation  school  at  Crosby.  The  church,  which  has  accommodation  for  about  1,000  worshippers,  has  been  built  under  the  superintendence  of  our  townsman  Mr.  Arthur  Holme,  from  designs  furnished  by  that  gentleman,  and  is  an  exceedingly  fine  specimen  of  modern  church  architecture.  The  cost  of  the  building,  which  has  been  erected  by  subscription,  is  £3,500.  Shortly  after  eleven  o'clock,  the  Lord  Bishop  of  the  Diocese  entered  the  chancel  of  the  church,  when  the  cere ceremony  mony ceremony  of  consecration  was  at  once  proceeded  with.  At  its  conclusion,  prayers  were  read  by  the  Rev.  Richard  Walker,  the  incumbent,  after  which  his  lordship  ascended  the  pulpit  and  preached  the  consecration  sermon.  He  selected  his  text  from  the  Ist  Corinthians,  13th  chapter,  and  the  Ist,  2nd  and  3rd  verses.  From  this  text  his  lordship  delive  re  d  an  exceedingly  appropriate  discourse,  and  at  its  conclusion  the  sum  of  upwards  of  £lOO  was  collected  in  aid  of  the  ex expenses  penses expenses  connected  with  the  church.  MANCHESTER  RAGGED  AND  INDUSTRIAL  SCHOOLS.—The  Christmas  dinner  to  the  scholars  of  this  institution  was  given  yesterday,  (Monday),  in  the  school-room,  St.  John's,  Byrom Byromstreet.  street. Byromstreet.  CHRISTMAS  FESTIVITIES  AT  THE  WORKHOUSE.—According  to  annual  custom,  the  inmates  of  our  workhorse  were  regaled  yesterday  with  the  usual  breakfast,  dinner,  and  tea,  of  the  most  sumptuous  quality.  At  one  o'clock,  a  large  number  of  visitors,  including  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Denton,  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Blain  '  Mr.  and  Mrs.  White,  assembled  in  the  gallery  of  th  e  large  dining-hall,  and  after  the  grace  bad  been  said  by  the  chaplain  of  the  workhouse,  the  inmates,  numbering  nearly  one  thousand,  did  ample  justice  to  the  beef,  beer,  and  plum  pudding  set  before  them,  and  after  dinner,  the  chaplain  re reminded  minded reminded  them  that  there  is  one  now  living,  by  the  wise  pro provisions  visions provisions  of  whose  forefathers  they  were  entertained  that  day  ;  that  owing  to  the  laws  then  framed,  our  country  has  become  justly  famed  for  its  care  of  those  unable  to  provide  for  themselves.  He  therefore  called  upon  them  to  remem rememberthat  berthat rememberthat  individual,  and  to  give  three  hearty  cheers  for  her  --the  Queen  of  England—which  they  did  in  good  style.  The  governor  then  called  upon  them  to  give  three  cheers  for  the  Select  Vestry—whose  services  in  their  behalf  demanded  an  expression  of  their  best  feelings.  After  the  poor  people  had  given  - STYLE=superscript  other  cheers  for  the  governor,  the  chaplain,  the  matron,  and  doctor,  they  retired  into  their  respective  departments  highly  gratified  with  their  entertainment.  MYSTERIOUS  DEATH  BY  VIOLENCE  AT  MANCHESTER.  A  single  man  named  John  Dillon,  a  labourer,  aged  about  32  years,  who  resided  with  his  sister,  in  Alum-street,  Great  Ancoats-street,  Manchester,  left  here  on  Saturday  evening  between  half-past  nine  and  ten  o'clock,  in  a  state  of  perfect  sobriety.  His  friends  never  saw  him  alive  afterwards.  On  Sunday  morning  they  were  called  upon  to  inspect  his  body,  lying  at  the  Royal  Infirmary,  where  he  died  at  eight  o'clock  in  the  morning.  A  female  named  Jane  Cooper,  who  lives  in  Meadow-street,  Ancoats,  states  that  as  she  was  passing  Lee-street,  about  half  past  ten  o'clock  on  Saturday  night,  she  saw  the  deceased  and  two  young  men,  who  seemed  to  be  in  company  with  him.  All  at  once  one  of  the  men  put  up  his  fist,  and  struck  the  de deceased  ceased deceased  a  blow,  which  felled  him  to  the  ground.  The  unfor unfortunate  tunate unfortunate  man  fell  backwards,  and  as  he  fell,  his  head  came  heavily  upon  the  ground.  The  two  young  men  then  walked  away,  taking  no  notice  apparently  of  what  had  occurred.  Upon  this  the  female  (Cooper)  went  up  to  the  spot  where  the  deceased  fell,  when  she  found  that  he  was  bleeding  from  the  head,  and  with  the  assistance  of  several  other  people  he  was  at  once  conveyed  to  the  White  Horse  spirit  vaults  in  the  immediate  neighbourhood.  Mr.  Howard,  druggist,  was  sent  for,  and  attended  with  the  utmost  promptitude.  Perceiving  he  was  dangerously  ill,  he  re recommended  commended recommended  his  immediate  removal  to  the  royal  infirmary.  The  poor  man,  who  was  quite  insensible  and  never  spoke  after  he  was  raised  from  the  ground,  was  tak  en  to  theinfir theinfirmary,  mary, theinfirmary,  where  all  the  efforts  used  in  his  behalf  were  in  vain,  for  he  died  at  eight  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning.  Nothing  is  at  present  known  as  to  the  parties  who  attacked  him  ;  his  sister  has  not  the  slightest  idea  who  they  might  be.  When  the  deceased  was  searched  at  the  infirmary  a  sum  of  five  pounds  was  found  upon  him.  The  deceased  is  repre represeated  seated represeated  as  having  been  a  steady  and  sober  man.  TSB  THEATRES.  ROYAL.  Yesterday  evening,  being  what  is  called  boxing  night,  the  Theatre  Royal  was  crowded  to  excess  to  witness  Juckstone's  pantomime,  The  Biitterfly's  Ball,  and  the  Grasshopper's  Feast  ;  or  harlequin  and  the  Genius  of  founded  upon  a  poem  of  Roscoe's.  The  pantomime  is  got  up  in  a  style  of  almost  unrivalled  magnificence,  the  scenery  and  dresses  being  of  the  most  unique  character.  The  first  scene  is  Nightshade  Nook,  where  Belladonna,  the  Poison  Witch,  is  discovered  watering  and  cultivating  her  poisonous  plants.  A  Wasp  soon  appears,  and  tells  Belladonna  that  he  has  been  rejected  by  the  beautiful  Silverwings,  the  Butterfly,  who  has  preferred  the  suit  of  the  Grasshopper.  On  the  occasion  of  their  muptials  a  ball  and  feast  are  to  be  given.  To  these  he  has  been  invited,  but  he  has  resolved  to  poison  all  the  party,  by  getting  access  to  the  kitchen  and  putting  poison  into  the  viands.  B  e  ll  a  d  onna  g  i  ves  poison  to  the  Wasp,  who  pays  for  the  deadly  liquid  in  honey  stolen  from  the  bees.  Whilst  the  Wasp  and  Belladonna  are  plotting,  a  flower  opens  and  discloses  the  Genius  of  Spring,  who,  having  overheard  the  plot,  resolves  to  do  all  she  can,  as  the  frieneofßutterfly,  to  frustate  it.  Scene  2  is  a  magnificent  one,  representing  the  butterfly's  garden  by  sunrise.  Butterflies  of  every  hue  appear  by  degrees  till  the  Whole  stage  is  filled  by  them:  Then  a  number  of  schoolboys  enter,  and  try  to  catch  some  of  the  butterflies.  This  they  are  unable  to  do.  They  are  interrupted  by  the  Genius  of  Spring,  who  makes  her  appearance,  and  thus  addresses  them  :  --  Forbear,  dear  thoughtless  boys,  and  do  not  try  To  catch  and  harm  the  happy  butterfly  ;  Youmay  through  many  summers  live—  Nature  but  one  to  butterflies  will  give.  Let  them  enjoy  that  one,  and  leave  them  free  To  share  the  flowers  with  the  busy  bee.  The  boys  are  promised  an  invitation  to  the  Butterfly's  Ball,  if  they  will  desist  ;  and  on  hearinc  , STYLE=superscript  this  they  clap  their  hands  and  run  off.  Brightway,  th  e  Genius  of  the  'Spring,  then  summons  by  her  wand  the  lovely  Silverwings  and  attendant  Butterflies.  The  Genius  caresses  Silverwings;  tells  her  she  approves  of  her  choice  of  the  Grasshopper,  and  promises  to  protect  her  from  he  r  bitt  er  enemy,  the  Wasp.  The  third  scene  is  a  grassy  knoll,  where  Silverwings  and  the  Grass Grasshopper  hopper Grasshopper  meet  to  exchange  their  vows.  They  agree  to  be  married  the  morning  after  the  ball,  and  to  spend  the  honey honeymoon  moon honeymoon  in  a  rosebud.  The  Wasp  and  a  Spider  see  them  :  the  Wasp  attacks  the  Grasshopper,  and  the  Spider  the  Butterfly.  A  battle  ensues,  but  in  the  end  the  Grasshopper  and  Silver Silverwings  wings Silverwings  make  their  escape,  while  the  Wasp  and  the  Spider  are  left  in  deadly  combat.  The  fourth  scene  is  the  kitchen  of  Silverwings,  where  a  large  number  of  cooks  are  discovered  preparing  the  Butterfly's  feast.  Here  we  see  blue bluebottles  bottles bluebottles  for  the  hot  honey  for  the  boiled  cabbage  for  the  nuts  for  the  worms-  for  the  and  dew  for  the  The  Wasp  then  comes  in  and  tries  to  mix  poison  with  the  provisions,  but  the  cooks  attack  him,  break  his  bottle,  and  a  most  exciting  scene  ensues,  the  attempt  to  catch  the  Wasp  being  fruitless.  In  the  fifth  scene  there  is  the  procession  to  the  ball  and  feast,  the  guests  at  which  have  been  invited  by  Mr.  Trumpeter  Gadfly.  In  the  banquetting  scene  a  large  mushroom  forms  the  table,  covered  with  a  water-dock  leaf  for  a  table-cloth.  The  cooks  then  bring  in  the  dishes,  the  Grasshopper  and  the  Butterfly  take  their  proper  places  at  the  table,  and  the  feast  commences.  After  the  guests  have  satisfied  their  appetites  the  table  disappears  as  if  by  magic,  and  the  attendants  on  Silverwings  come  in  and  join  in  the  Butterfly's  Ball.  Suddenly  thunder  is  heard  and  lightning  seen,  and  Bella Belladonna  donna Belladonna  and  Wasp  appear  on  the  scene.  Belladonna  derides  the  Wasp  for  not  making  proper  use  of  his  poison,  and  summons  Cold  Winter  to  kill  the  insects.  She  nearly  accomplishes  her  object,  when  the  Genius  of  Spring  appears  and  says  :  These  insects,  which  of  motion  you'd  deprive,  My  genial  rays  shall  bid  them  all  revive.  The  sun  appears,  and  the  insects  recover  from  their  torpor.  The  Grasshopper  is  then  changed  to  Harlequin,  Silverwings  to  Columbine,  the  Spider  to  Pantaloon,  and  the  Wasp  to  Clown.  The  comic  business  is  in  the  hands  of  the  Lauri  family,  and  everythinc  , STYLE=superscript  passed  off  well—better  than  pantomines  usually  do  on  first  nights.  ROYAL  AMPHITHEATRE.  Last  evening  this  place  of  amusement  was  crowded  in  every  part,  to  witness  the  drama  of  which  Mons.  Pablo  Fanque  ptoduced,  for  the  first  time,  as  an  equestrian,  spectacle.  The  representation  gives  a  very  fair  delineation  of  the  play,  and  the  introduction  of  the  mounted  characters  have  a  very  amusing  effect.  From  the  manner  in  which  the  piece  has  been  introduced,  the  care  and  attention  with  which  each  striking  scene  of  that  interesting  novel  was  pourtrayed,  and  the  creditable  manner  in  which  each  character  was  sustained,  will,  we  doubt  not,  ensure  as  full  an  attendance  each  evening  the  piece  is  represented.  The  character  of  Rob  Roy  was  well  sustained  by  Mr.  Rayner,  who,  we  regret  to  say,  met  with  a  slight  accident  in  the  last  scene  in  the  second  act.  After  the  capture  of  Rob  Roy,  he  is  strapped  to  a  mounted  trooper,  but  while  the  escort  is  proceeding  over  the  mountain  pass  he  makes  his  escape,  and  leaps  into  a  water-fall.  Having  to  jump  a  conside considerable  rable considerable  distance,  unfortunately  Mr.  Rayner  sprained  his  foot,  and  was  nearly  incapacitated  from  appearing  in  the  last  scene.  We  have  rarely  witnessed  a  better  Bailie  Nicol  Jarvie  than  Mr.  Gourlay.  The  evening's  amusement  con concluded  cluded concluded  with  the  Scenes  in  the  Circle,  the  brothers  Ellis  performing  their  truly  wonderful  f  ea  t  s  as  the  D  ou  bl  e  Troopers;  the  Milner  family  (in  their  Poses  Plastiques)  with  unrivalled  acts  of  horsemanship.—This  evening  and  to tomorrow  morrow tomorrow  the  same  performances  will  be  repeated,  and  to  those  who  have  a  wish  to  witness  novelties  in  equestri  an  i  sm  ,  gymnastics,  and  a  good  play,  we  should  certainly  recommend  them  to  visit  this  popular  place  of  amusement.  ADELPHI.  This  theatre  was  also  crowded  to  the  most  intense  degree.  The  pantomime  bears  a  name  dear  to  our  young  days,  when  the  Arabian  Nights'  Entertainments  formed  our  handbook  of  Sinbad  the  Sailor.  Nor  are  magnificent  ideas  at  once  con conjured  jured conjured  up  of  valleys  of  diamonds  and  loadstone  mountains.  Shipwrecks  and  escapes,  serpents  and  winged  horses,  mon monarchs,  archs, monarchs,  genii,  and  fairies,  at  all  disappointed  in  the  illusions  of  the  Adelphi.  The  very  name,  given  in  full,  is  suggestive  of  oriental  Sinbad  the  Sailor  and  the  Vale  of  Gems,  or  the  Fairy  of  the  Coral  The  performance  opens  with  a  scene  representing  the  coral  palace  of  Queen  Aquarina  and  her  water  nymphs.  Her  Majesty  and  the  nymphs,  when  the  scene  opens,  are  seen  asleep.  Naubella,  her  first  fairy  in  waiting,  appears,  and  awakes  them  from  their  slumbers,  informing  them  at  the  same  time  that  the  Queen  will  arrive  by  express  that  day.  In  the  midst  of  the  fairy  joy  at  the  news,  a  sea  imp  suddenly  appears  through  the  Marine  Telegraph-office,  with  the  message  that  the  .Queen  will  shortly  join  them  A  fairy  bal ballet  let ballet  is  performed,  at  the  end  of  which  the  Queen  Aqua Aquarina  rina Aquarina  arrives  with  the  News  of  the  World.  A  dialogue  here  ensues,  in  which  we  have  hits  at  all  the  topics  and  subjects  of  the  day,  not  forgetting.  the  Emperor  of  Russia  and  the  Turks.  Then,  as  the  Fairy  :Queens  mostly  do,  she  proposes  to  pro protect  tect protect  young  Sinbad  the  Sailor,  who  has  been  wrecked  upon  the  neighbouring  shore,  and  who  loves  the  fair  Diamanta,  Princess  of  the  island  of  Gulnare  ;  but  whose  island  the  great  Ile-ko-kum-it,  king  of  the  golden  land,  has  invaded,  and  made  her  prisoner.  The  Queen  sends  her  water  nymphs  with  Naubella  to  seek  Sinbad,  while  she  herself  departs,  attended  by  her  fairies  and  sea  imps,  to  watch  the  safety  of  Diamanta.  In  the  second  scene  we  find  Sinbad  the  Sailor  in  a  deep  cavern  in  H  e  -k  o  -k  um  -it'  s  dominions,  having  lost  his  way  ;  and  fancying  it  a  railway  tunnel,  he  does  not  feel  quite  at  his  ease.  When  he  is  about  to  seek  his  way  out,  he  is  obstructed  by  two  enormous  serpents,  and,  on  b  o  ldl  y  vanquishing  them,  finds  another  danger  in  the  appearance  of  the  Guardian  Sprite  of  the  Demon  of  the  Valley,  but  in  his  distress  is  timely  saved  by  the  appearance  of  Naubella  and  the  fairies.  King  He-ko-kum-it  enters,  attended  by  his  ministers,  in  a  great  rage  at  the  discontents  of  his  people.  His  people  want  reform  ;  but  he  boasts  of  his  last  budget  and  new  tariff.  However,  politics  dismissed,  we  have  news  that  the  Princess  Diamanta  has  nearly  escaped,  by  the  instrumentality  of  Sinbad  ;  but  unfortunately  they  have  both  been  re-captured,  and  brought  before  the  King.  Here  we  hear  again  some  strong  and  pun pungent  gent pungent  jokes  upon  living  mariners  as  they  and  Diamanta  is  borne  off  again  to  confinement,  Sinbad  being  told  by  the  King  that,  though  a  fast  youth,  he  would  make  him  a  faster,  Sinbad  defies  him,  as  sailing  under  the  British  flag.  We  have  in  good  telling  rhyme  a  switch  of  the  British  lion's  tail  and  a  shake  of  his  mane  at  invaders,  and  in  defence  of  the  oppressed.  Sinbad  departs,  telling  the  King  and  his  ministers  how  the  British  lion  licks  'em.&#34;  Sinbad  is  now  upon  the  world,  and  in  search  of  the  means  to  save  or  ran ransom  som ransom  Diamanta.  He  falls  asleep,  and  on  awaking  finds  him himself  self himself  in  the  Vale  of  Gems—a  magnificent  scene  indeed.  He  is  there  told  by  the  fairy  Naubella  to  gather  gems  (with  which  the  whole  vale  is  studded)  and  enrich  himself.  He  does  so,  but  is  interrupted  by  the  Demon  of  the  Valley  calling  upon  his  protecting  Imp.  A  phantom  fight  here  en ensues  sues ensues  between  Sinbad  and  the  sprite,  who  is  aided  by  other  de demons  mons demons  of  the  valley.  Sinbad,  being  in  danger,  is  again  protected  by  Naubella  and  fairies  ;  while  the  demons  of  the  valley  are  attacked  and  defeated  by  the  sea  sprites—smart,  active  little  fishes  (soles),  trident  in  hand.  Sinbad,  now  enriched,  hies  to  the  King,  who  is  in  d'monarchical  fix,  and  a  ministerial  crisis  ensues,  for  the  allies  of  Diamanta  are  in  his  seas  with  belli belligerent  gerent belligerent  threat.  With  war  and  love  perplexed,.  he  encounters  Diamanta.  She  sues  in  vain  ;  he  offers  marriage,  which  she  refuses.  Sinbad  entering  proffers  him  the  jewels  for  her  freedom,  which  the  King  grasping  gives  to  his  chancellor  of  the  exchequer,  who,  like  other  exchequer  chancellors,  has  a  pocket  that  holds  anything  and  swallows  everything.  The  King  informs  Sinbad  that  he  will  keep  the  jewels  and  the  lady  into  the  bargain,  upon  which  the  fairy  Naubella  appears,  and  for  his  avarice  stays  his  selfish  career.  His  kingdom  is  lost  to  him  for  ever.  A  magnificent  metamorphosis  takes  place  from  the  palace  gardens  to  the  abode  of  the  Fairy  Queen,  in  which  the  characters  are  transformed—the  King,  He-ko-kum-it,  to  Clown  (Herr  Teesdale)  ;  his  chancellor,  Ben-lam-ba,  to  Pantaloon  ;  Sinbad  to  Harlequin  (Mr.  C.  Brown)  ;  Diamanta  to  Columbine  (Miss  E.  Gibbs)  ;  and  the  Imp  of  the  Demon  of  the  Valley  to  Sprite.  POLICE  COURT  —YESTERDAY.  ®Monday  being  kept  as  a  general  holiday,  the  business  was  confined  to  hearing  drunk  and  disorderly  of  which  there  were  upwards  of  two  hundred,  most  of  whom  were  discharged  with  a  caution  not  to  offend  again  ;  while  those  who  had  offended  before  under  similar  circumstances,  were  fined  6s,  or  three  days'  imprisonment.  AMERICA.  ARRIVAL  OF  THE  EUROPA.  The  British  and  North  American  royal  0 STYLE=superscript  ;  steam-ship  Europa,  Captain  Shannon,  arrived.  the  Mersey  last  night  from  New  York,  with  adv'  to  the  14th  inst.,  being  f  our  d  ays  l  ater  than  thou  previously  to  hand.  The  Europa  has  brought  home  65.passenge  r STYLE=superscript  '  and  875,842  dollars  in  specie.  The  steamer  Arctic,  from  Liverpool,  with  advil  to  the  30th  of  November,  a  rr  i  ve  d  out  at  New  Ye,,  at  one  o'clock  p.m.  on  the  13th  inst.  During  voyage  Charles  C.  Williams,  third  assistant  et  r STYLE=superscript  ,  gineer,  while  on  duty  in  the  engine-room,  came  P  contact  with  the  starboard  side  lever,  and  0 STYLE=superscript  °  instantly  killed.  The  whole  of  Messrs.  Harpers,  the  eminent  pa  ir STYLE=superscript  ushers,  premises  in  New  York  h  a  d  b  een  d  estro  le  , STYLE=superscript  by  fire.  The  loss  is  estimated  at  1,500,00  e  dol  s. STYLE=superscript  The  Commercial  Advertiser  No,  privat  e STYLE=superscript  calamity  by  fire'of  equal  magnitude  has  ever  b  e  fora,  occurred  in  thiS  city,  or  o  ne  th  a  t  h  as  crea  t  e  d  silo,  universal  sympathy  and  reg  re  t.  A  n  d  i  n  no  instand',  has  such  sympathy  been  s  o  we  ll  A  eserve  d  .  R  es  pect'  is  too  tame  a  word  for  the  feeling  with  which  th  e STYLE=superscript  brothers  Harper  have  long  been  regarded  in  tbig  community,  both  as  a  commercial  firm  and  as  indi'  vidual  Full  details  will  be  found  il  t STYLE=superscript  another  column.  There  had  been  very  little  business  done  in  CO;  gress  beyond  the  organisation  of  committees  and  preliminary  matters.  In  the  House  of  RepresentN,  tives  a  variety  of  resolutions  •  had  been  submitted  in  favor  of  the  construction,  by  government,  ofi  l STYLE=superscript  Pacific  railroad,  but  they  had  all  been  voted  to  on  the  The  Daily  Times  says  the  votes  hr  dicate  unmistakeably  the  determination  of  the  do'  minant  democracy  to  take  ground  against  the  6'  tension  of  government  aid  to  that  great  work,  in  ail  form.  In  the  Senate,  a  bill  had  been  passed  taking  away  from  the  secretary  of  the  treasury,  and  v  est'  ing  in  the  president  of  the  senate,  the  appoint'  merit  of  the  assistant  secretary  of  the  treasury'  In  the  Senate,  also,  a  bill  had  been  introduced  for  the  establishment,  as  soon  as  practicable,  of  d  line  of  steamers  to  ply  between  San  Francisco,  the  Sandwich  Islands,  and  ports  iu  China.  Senator  Adams,  of  Miss.,  had  introduced  a  bill  in  favor  are'  clueing  and  graduating  the  price  of  public  lands.  General  Cass  had  introduced  a  resolution  calling  upon  the  President  to  communicate  all  corresnon'  deuce,  if  any,  between  the  British  government  and  the  United  States,  i  n  re  l  a  ti  on  to  t  h  e  treaty  o',  Washington,  which  was  agreed  to  with  some  amend'  ments.  There  had  been  a  disagreement  between  secre secretary  tary secretary  Guthrie  and  senatorGwin,  at  the  treasury  de'  partment.  The  secretary  is  charged  with  treating  the  senator  very  rudely.  A  personal  encounter  was  likely  to  grow  out  of  it,  but  mutual  fi  lends  are  tur  derstood  to  have  provided  for  an  amicable  settle  . STYLE=superscript  ment.  The  steam-ship  City  of  Glasgow  sailed  fora  Philadelphia,  for  Liverpool,  on  the  10th  December  , STYLE=superscript  with  210  passengers,  and  100,000  dollars  in  specie.  A  telegraphic  dispatch,  dated  at  Halifax,  12  0 STYLE=superscript  instant,  states  that  the  Humboldt  still  held  toge,  ther,  but  the  wind  th  en  was  f  rom  the  east,  an  d  that  there  was  no  possibility  of  saving  her.  The  cargo  was  getting  out  with  difficulty.  Her  ster°  was  all  under  water  on  the  larboard  side,  as  far  as  the  wheelhouse.  The  engine  is  very  little  abol  the  water  at  low  tide  ;  th  e  cargo  f  orward  was  all  under  water.  The  steamer  Marion,  from  New  York'  arrived  on  the  afternoon  of  the  10th,  and  was  re  ly STYLE=superscript  dering  assistance.  A  later  dispatch  received  from  2,lortimer  Livingston,  E  sq  .,  a  t  H  a  lif  ax,  states  t  hat  the  ship  was  fast  bre  a  ki  ng  up,  an  d  would  i  n  au  probability  soon  go  to  pieces.  Only  about  200  tons  of  the  cargo  will  be  saved  out  of  the  45  0 STYLE=superscript  e  whichwas  on  board  when  she  left  Havre.  r  e  Halifax  Chronicle  attributes  the  loss  of  th  i STYLE=superscript  d  vessel  to  the  ignorance  of  th  e  p  erson  w  h  o  attemptet  to  pilot  her  into  the  harbour,  and  intimates  tt'  o  he  was  not  an  au  th  or  i  se  d  p  i  lot.  It  says  :  T  b  e  r  never  was  a  m  ore  fl  agrant  case.  A  fisherman  o  pears  on  the  deck  o  f  a  s  t  eams  hi  p,  which,  with  cargo,  is  valued  at  800  ,  000  d  o  ll  ars.  He  represeo;  himself  to  be  a  pilot,  and  on  being  asked  for  ) STYLE=superscript  i STYLE=superscript  g  certificate,  states  that  he  has  left  it  in  his  boot  v  at  home.  Confidi  n  g  i  n  hi  s  statement,  and  1  0  rally  anxious  to  secure  for  their  passengers  re,  and  refreshment  s  i  n  a  f  r  i  en  dl  y  port,  the  others  give  him  charge  of  the  ship.  Hiner  contrary  to  their  iiidtvrr_E%s iiidtvrr_E%s-ct  ct iiidtvrr_E%s-ct  71  s STYLE=superscript  l  i STYLE=superscript  E  • STYLE=superscript  t  a' STYLE=superscript  f  eel;V STYLE=superscript  moments  she  strikes  upon  the  Sisters,  in  his  stupid  ignorance,  and  '  d  the  is  s  e  n  p  o  ers  r  e  e  v  so  e  u  re  e  s  for  squandering  and  waste  of  an  enormous  amount  capital.  To  punish  that  pilot,  then,  ought  to  Dinfrightful  e  thatthe'  '°  the  character  and  prosperity  of  this  fine  seaportc  The  emigrant  ship  s  th  a  t  h  a  d  arrived  at  Ned  York  had  generally  reported  good  health  an  l STYLE=superscript  °.  lll STYLE=superscript  '  the  passengers  during  the  voyage.  The  Vandaha,'  from  Liverpool,  re  p  or  t  s  ,th  a  t  h  er  l  ate  comman  do  Captain  Smith,  died  on  the  12th  of  Novembe  r STYLE=superscript  The  barque  Bremen  New  York  packet,  from  Haw;  burg,  had  nine  death  s  a  mong  h  er  passengers.  The  ship  Johann,  from  LiVe  r  p  oo  l,  l  os  t  f  our  out  of  ht)  The  ship  Connecticut,  Captain  Williams,  from  H  a  vre  , STYLE=superscript  lost  twenty  of  her  steerage  p  assengers  during  tt.';',  passage.  Captain  Willia  ms  l  e  ft  H  avre  on  the  OP  of  November,  and  not  a  death  occurred  until  the  15th,  and  none  after  the  Ist  of  December.  The  Connecticut  had  600  passengers.  By  the  arrival  of  the  steamers  George  Law  and  Star  of  the  I  Vest,  Californian  advices  and  mails  0 STYLE=superscript  '  the  16th  Nov.  had  been  received.  The  George  Lag',  brought  887,666  dolla  rs  i  n  spec  i  e,  an  d  the  Star  0  .  1  the  West  1,558,293  dollars.  There  have  been  several  fires  in  different  tions  of  San  Francisco,  since  the  departure  of  the  last  steamer,  but  the  loss  in  each  instance  was  no  t STYLE=superscript  heavy—San  Francisco,  Sonora,  Stockton,  Downie'  ville,  and  Sacramento,  have  all  suffered.  F  r  om  the  mines,  the  news  is  highly  encouraging,  a  n  d  the  miners  in  many  of  the  localities  are  doing  better  than  ever.  A  massive  lump  of  gold,  weighing  eleven  pounds,  had  been  found.  Nothing  further  has  transpired  regarding  the  Sonora  expedition  , STYLE=superscript  and  no  further  movements  in  that  direction  ar  e STYLE=superscript  reported.  An  earthquake  had  occurred  in  Hurl'  boldt  Bay,  but  no  serious  damage  ensued.  The,  San  Francisco  pape  r  s  recor  d  more  t  h  an  the  usual  number  of  murders.  The  health  of  California  was  generally  good,  and  the  weather  favorable.  In  the  markets  the  transactions  were  rather  more  , STYLE=superscript  brisk,  but  the  p  r  i  ces  o  f  near  l  y  all  descriptions  o  f  L STYLE=superscript  produce  ruled  low.  A  company  h  as  been  form  ed  for  the  building  of  a  railroad  between  Sacrament  o STYLE=superscript  and  Nevada,  a  large  portion  of  the  'Stock  has  been  taken,  and  but  little  doubt  is  entertained  that  the  work  will  be  speedily  completed,  ,A  private  cote'  pany  has  been  formed  in  the  city  of  San  Francisco  , STYLE=superscript  with  a  capital  of  ten  millions  of  dollars,  for  the  par  pose  of  establishing  a  line  of  steamers  between  that  port  and  China.  Mr.  - STYLE=superscript  Sohn  H.  Scranton,  f  i STYLE=superscript  citizen  of  San  F  r  a  nc  i  sco  ,  i  s  a  b  out  to  open  a  line  o  'r  .  steam  communication  between  that  port  and  auras,  in  the  Gulf  of  C  a  lif  orn  i  a.  The  steamer  Fremont  will  be  the  pioneer  of  the  line.  I  n  add'&#34;  tion  to  this,  Captain  Thomas  Wright  has  organises  a  company  for  the  pu  r  p  ose  of  establishing-  a  line  °  steamers  between  the  ports  of  Guatemala,  1  10r1 STYLE=superscript  duras,  Nicaragua,  Co  s  t  a  Ri  ca,  and  Panama.  ~,  line  will  be  opened  about  the  Ist  of  Decemb  er STYLE=superscript  next.  The  populati  on  o  f  California  has  but  slowly  this  year.  From  the  Ist  of  January  the  Ist  of  November,  the  arrivals  by  sea  exceede  d STYLE=superscript  the  departures  by  only  6,781,  which,  added  t  o  th:  overland  immigrati  on  ,_  w  ill  ma  k  e  the  increa  s  during  that  period  amount  to  only  21,000  souls.  From  Panama  we  have  dates  to  the  29th  l`r°  f STYLE=superscript  ,;  The  steamer  John  L.  St  e  ph  ens  arrived  there  the  28th,  having  made  the  passage  from  San  Fra  n STYLE=superscript  '  cisco  in  11  days  14  hours,  including  three  hout  d  spent  in  landing  the  mails  from  San  Diego,  a  n STYLE=superscript  ds  some  minor  detentio  ns  .  Th  e  G  o  ld  en  Gate  '°'s  going  into  San  Fra  nc  i  sco  as  -  t  h  e  J  o  h  n  L.  Stepben.  was  leaving  the  po  r  t  on  th  e  16th  of  No-vembei•  The  Uncle  Sam  a  n  d  th  e  Ni  caragua  steam  ed  had  not  arrived.  Th  e  s  t  eams  hi  p  Calfornia,  tof  San  Francisco,  was  passed  on  the  24th.  The  P  r STYLE=superscript  ,f  visional  legislature  of  Panama  h  a  d  enacted  a  n  , STYLE=superscript  ;  s  f,  passenger  law,  to  take  effect  o  n  t  h  e  Ist  of  janild;'o  T  .  enacting  that  passenger  vessels  contribution  of  per  ,  shall  be  taxed  D  / STYLE=superscript  if  we  understand  the  mattercent.  of  th  e  ne  t  gain.,  it  amounts  in  fa  l  3  an  imposition  of  a  fixed  t  ax  of  one  dollar  one'ad  passenger  Children  under  ten  years  old,  a STYLE=superscript  te  d  workmen  on  the  Panama  railroad  are  exela  from  the  provisions  of  the  law.  1  °  0  The  British  st  eam  -  s  hi  p  Bogota  arrived  at  PenV4l'  on  the  20th  of  November,  with  advices  from  Tile  paraiso  to  Oct.  21,  and  Callao  to  Nov.  11.  steamer  had  on  board  $400,000  in  specie.  T  h STYLE=superscript  .  ,  e STYLE=superscript  p  - STYLE=superscript  ii  t  • STYLE=superscript  ‘?;  f  from  Pe  ru  i  s  important,  A  Lima  corresponu— corresponuthe  the corresponuthe  Panama  Herald  says  :—Domingo  EEO  P2_TB00091 ceivo  re  po  Sha  t  lost  don  P2_TB00092 the  lia.  (la  )  for  P2_TB00093 Or,  IVi  lSii  Fa"
