text
"MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL•  y  Ell:  11111a STYLE=superscript  LIVERPOOL,  TUESDA  Y  CAA  We  have  no  change  to  notice  i  n  our  „  Oa  to  market  to-day.  The  sales  are  estimated  at  e  a  6000  bales,  of  which  1000  bales  were  ta'  o  the  speculation  and  for  export.  With  resP  e STYLE=superscript  ,  et STYLE=superscript  s  ta  tes,  present  and  future  cotton-crop  of  the  Unite'.  lat  Lee,  we  find  the  following  article  by  Dr.  Dau  le STYLE=superscript  t  which  is  published  in  the  Agricultural  DeP  arw STYLE=superscript  of  the  Patent  Report  for  1852  and  185  3 STYLE=superscript  .  .„  'the  At  this  time  the  average  crop  of  cotto  n STYLE=superscript  alts  at  United  States  is  estimated  at  3,000,000  of  400  pounds  each.  In  1821,  the  export  was STYLE=superscript  06  4  124,893,000  pounds,  while  in  1849  it  had  i  ncl. STYLE=superscript  !,  s  o  to  1,026,602,000  pounds.  These  figures  slln„ht  advance  of  more  than  800  per  cent.  in  twentr  e STYLE=superscript  'ciii  •  of  flog  u  l STYLE=superscript  years,  and  the  prospect  is,  that  the  dem  and STYLE=superscript  :  0  1  equal,  if  it  do  not  exceed,  the  supply  fo  years  to  come.  Hence  the  production  t  he  article  is  destined  to  increase  much  faster  thou  es.  population  ;  for  as  civilisation  and  conole  r STYLE=superscript  ,.  c STYLE=superscript  i  ,  e STYLE=superscript  r  ies,  tend,  the  number  that  Will  consume  cotton  la'  bi  and  the  annual  consumption  of  each  pers  ° STYLE=superscript  T  e  ad  reason  of  his  greater  productive  power,  in  a  still  greater  ratio.  In  other  words,  theft  causes  that  increased  foreign  demand  M  O STYLE=superscript  %O  800  per  cent.  in  twenty-eight  years,  will  allo  t  he  the  amount  now  imported  300  per  cent.  i STYLE=superscript  L  t  we  next  quarter  of  a  century.  Dr.  Lee  thinks  t  he  have  the  land  and  climate  most  desirable  f,°  r STYLE=superscript  at  ice  annual  growth  of  9,000,000  of  bales,  and  tnded  shall  probably  have  the  labour  and  capital  Il  e STYLE=superscript  '  At  for  the  economical  production  of  such  eruP  s STYLE=superscript  '.,eld  half  a  bale  per  acre,  only  18,000,000  of  acre.  o%- STYLE=superscript  t  he  be  planted  to  realise  the  crop  named,  wu  l STYLE=superscript  l  e STYLE=superscript  od,  four  States  of  Georgia,  Alabama,  AlississiPP,',  Texas  contain  four  times  that  number  of  al alchoice  choice alchoice  cotton  d  e  The  Liverpool  Corn  market  was  much  less  -  oft  to-day  than  was  anticipated,  considering  the  n°  the  of  the  intelligence  brought  from  Americabl,  nc  e  Asia.  There  were  but  few  buyers  in  attennof  and  the  general  transactions  in  Wheat  were  e  ll STYLE=superscript  t  s  a  tie  moderate  amount,  few  parcels  of  any  nntgli  A  l STYLE=superscript  K  ill  eN  satio  he  being  taken;  holders  were,  however,  firm,  311 STYLE=superscript  for  currencies  of  Tuesday  were  fully  maintained.  no  t  Flour,  also,  which  was  in  fair  request,  tol  d STYLE=superscript  freely  offered,  we  repeat  the  rates  of  that  day'  e  rf  , STYLE=superscript  looks  well  for  both  the  trade  and  cons  l STYLE=superscript  l',elo  Barley,  of  which  a  number  of  secondail  P  a STYLE=superscript  'ad  appeared,  was  2d.  per  bushel  cheaper;  chef  g  el  qualities  supporting  our  late  quotations.  are  in  slow  request.  Fine  Oats,  from  se  ar STYLE=superscript  ;  r  ir,  realise  their  previous  value,  but  i  n  f  e  rior  cle  s STYLE=superscript  'oe  tions  are  somewhat  cheaper.  Oatmeal  dul  l STYLE=superscript  '  ~t  3l  l  the  value  scarcely  supported.  I  n  di  a  n  Corn  ,ice'  in  retail  demand,  but  without  any  change  in  Pl  e  d  The  receipts  into  this  port  from  Ireland  , STYLE=superscript  Tuesday  last,  embrace  a  fair  quantity  of  pa  r STYLE=superscript  ',.  - STYLE=superscript  10°  moderate  supply  of  Oats,  a  con  s  ide  r  able  be  t  of  Oatmeal,  and  a  re-shipment  of  Indian  Coru  , STYLE=superscript  little  produce  of  other  kinds  thence,  or  ef,  o  ti  coastwise  ;  of  foreign  Wheat,  however,  the  i1%t.1)  is  large,  amounting  to  nearly  26,000  quarters'  ;  s  lll  upwards  of  17,000  barrels  of  Flour,  both  price?'  der  from  the  United  States  and  Canada,  the  retn.,,,upt retn.,,,uptof  of retn.,,,uptof  the  former  being  chiefly  from  G  a  latz  and  Dry  We  have  also  to  note  a  tolerable  arrival  of  ILO  Corn  from  Ibrail  and  Salonica,  with  a  few  -  1- STYLE=superscript  '0  from  Hamburgh  and  Larach  ;  whilst  the  hence  are  fair,  but  not  extensive.  The  moven)  of  Irish  produce,  which  are  taking  place  i  n STYLE=superscript  ot;  port  at  the  present  time,  were  explained  Monetary  and  Commercial  article  of  the  4th  'dip  The  French  papers  report  a  ve  r  y  sensible  111 STYLE=superscript  1  of  the  price  of  Corn  in  nearly  all  the  mark  ets STYLE=superscript  11  France.  These  reports,  going  out  to  Alfieri  ° STYLE=superscript  dr  the  next  packet,  will  produce  a  correspondingoitl  cline  in  the  States  mark  e  t  s  .  This  Pr°  l3 STYLE=superscript  '  4 STYLE=superscript  pu  should  inidcei  msifionlo.stha  almost  0,  v  g  i  h  th  t  s  o  t  f  a  n  b  by  the  li  :  g  trade.  that  ha  t  s  pfal  .rt  :e  e  ;  In  Manchester,  the  dulness  which  has  n STYLE=superscript  t  ,  11 STYLE=superscript  .  13  0e  5 STYLE=superscript  aY  1 STYLE=superscript  j  the  market  for  Y  st  ar  a  n  ll  s  d  f  e  oi  s  '  e  s:  p  tn  t  e  io  l  n  ve  s  e  a  k  r  s  e  p  t  a  o  s  d  t  reduced.  In  the  prospect  of  war  in  tbeiod  to  shippers  to  the  continent  cannot  be  perstpos.  ff  '  operate  to  any  extent,  while  home-trade-F  (  eOZ  are  still  limited  to  what  is  indispensabesill  '4;  for  immediate  wants.  Fin  e  Y  arns  a  rea  m  o'4  coming  more  plentiful,  and  a  r  e  consequelnall  easier  in  value.  Double  Yarns  continue  d  i  s  h  sale,  and  an  active  demand  for  In  Cloth,.  great  irregularity  preYndls  , STYLE=superscript  _O  f STYLE=superscript  ir,  u STYLE=superscript  cts  no&amp;rril,eve  circular  of  one  eminent  fil'ln  says  w  itbo•  been  a  dull  and  inactive  market.  Prices.'  o  f  being  quotably  l  ower  ,  arc  s  till  i  n  f  a  o  l  , STYLE=superscript  4  Notwithstanding  the  threatening  a'r  p  i  n  tsi  l3 STYLE=superscript  :  foreign  affairs  the  London  Stock  Market  rnr  its  buoyancy,  and  the  public  have  becom  e STYLE=superscript  s  lA STYLE=superscript  CF  purchasers  of  Stock.  A  very  large  clone  in  Consols,  at  the  following  quotati:  tb  95  to  05k  for  money,  and  948  to  95  for  the  ug  re  f STYLE=superscript  cember  account  Reduced,  93  . STYLE=superscript  1  to  94;  NeW,celfr  Cents.,  95f  96  ;  India  Bonds  are  ls.  dis•  ;  quer  Bills,  3s.  to  6s.  prem.  iet  / STYLE=superscript  f  The  Foreign  Stocks  were  remarkably  q  u STYLE=superscript  aL  ye'  Brazilian,  97  99  ;  Equador,  5  58;  Dutch  Cents.,  63  64;  ditto  4  per  Cents.,  94i  954;  I;'tie,23ll'  Bonds,  1121  981  ;  Granada  Deferred,  8  ;  IW STYLE=superscript  i  i,  - STYLE=superscript  e  pt  s4 STYLE=superscript  25a  251  for  the  30th  inst.;  Portuguese  4  per  41i  ;  Spanish,  451.  c  kel  , STYLE=superscript  This  being  the  make-up  day  in  the  Share  M  o  t*  dealers  were  chiefly  Occupied  making  up  acct  f  eel  In  the  Share  Market  Caledonians  and  0  00  t  Northerns  were  10s.  higher  for  the  next  n  e STYLE=superscript  '  c  i  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  65/  for  money,  s  il STYLE=superscript  .  ;c  ilie  r STYLE=superscript  for  time.  London  and  Blackwall  per  cent.  'PI  for  the  account.  Midlands,  611,  62  for  t STYLE=superscript  1 STYLE=superscript  104  settling.  North  Westerns  were  dealt  in  P  o  pe  for  money.  Luxembourgs  improved  9,  3 STYLE=superscript  ,  for  01 STYLE=superscript  1,  0  8 STYLE=superscript  and  9  , STYLE=superscript  1  for  time.  French  Shares  were  firm.  1  ,0  15 STYLE=superscript  doing  in  Mining  Shares.  London  Dock  Ste  c STYLE=superscript  rol!  110  to  110  f.  The  Australian  Land  Cempanie  s STYLE=superscript  A  p  ell  all  higher  for  the  next  account.  Australia  n STYLE=superscript  o  pt'  cultural,  43.  Peel  River  Land,  a  prem.  Australian  Land,  36.  General  Screw  Crystal  Palace  Sh  are  ,  prem.  o  ° STYLE=superscript  '  The  Bank  of  Amsterdam  has  raised  its  discount  from  21  to  3  per  cent.  A  YO  ° STYLE=superscript  From  Ceylon  we  learn  that  there  is  a  denTb  t STYLE=superscript  in  this  year's  coffee  crop  equal  to  40,000  civt,:  e  tte,  f STYLE=superscript  ;  prospects  for  the  coming  year  are  said  to  be  uiir,  The  South  American,  Brazilian  and  African  iv))  arrived  at  Falmouth  in  the  course  of  to-daY.  dates  are,  Buenos  Ayres,  3  ;  Monte  Video,  „  ;  0  1  0 STYLE=superscript  Janeiro,  15;  Pernambuco,  23;  St.  Vincent,  515 STYLE=superscript  Te  e STYLE=superscript  Teneriffe,  5;  Madeira,  7;  Lisbon,  11th  Nev  . STYLE=superscript  a  ci  e STYLE=superscript  '  royal  mail  steamer  Severn  brings  10,0001.  in  eplica  and  the  Faith,  from  the  West  Coast  of  a  ir''  . STYLE=superscript  6,0001.  Trade  was  exceeding  brisk  at  Rio.P  n  ,  Coffee  sold  at  full  prices.  Exchange  to  the  ally  large  amount  of  450,0001.  was  done  on  -  1 STYLE=superscript  -A  s  oc  e  At  Pernambuco  the  exchange  amounting  to  eVe  i  had  also  been  done,  at  2s.  3M.  The  exper  t STYLE=superscript  ik  lio  was  not  brisk,  the  sugar.  being  . STYLE=superscript  late.  '  f  isrp  was  plentiful  and  discounts  low.  From  'iife&#34;;  we  learn  that  a  large  influx  of  gold  had  taken  ;  co  ol'  and  that  sovereigns  were  therefore  at  a  0 STYLE=superscript  of  50  reis,  while  silver  was  scarce.  is'  # STYLE=superscript  f  foil',  0  We  give  the  current  prices  of  Gold,  as  te  s STYLE=superscript  '  O  l  to  assist  the  merchant  in  calculating  the  1 STYLE=superscript  .  - STYLE=superscript  a  tcs  Foreign  Exchange,  by  the  actual  current  1  bullion,  as  last  reported  •  „TaEs'  Ati  r STYLE=superscript  BULLION  MARKET  AND  FOREIGN  ExogA  , STYLE=superscript  -  - STYLE=superscript  •  pr  .  London,  775.  9d.  ;  Paris,  Hamburgh,•&lt;,:,  13 STYLE=superscript  „14,  sterdam,  -;  Vienna,  -;  St.  Petersburg,  ';  lin,  -;  -  •  Constantinople,  -  A  le). STYLE=superscript  4,  -;  Bombay,  -;  ' STYLE=superscript  Calcutta,  ;  Hone  del'  Sydney,  745.  9d.  to  -s.  ;  Port  Phillip,  775.  6d;  al,  A.;  Victoria,  765.  9d.  77s  ;  Ovens,  765.  6d.;  Moutrev.  rz  e  New  York,  £3  6s.  Bd.  to  £3  9s.  2d.  ;  Boston,  £  3 STYLE=superscript  ;  San  Francisco,  ;  Mexico,  -;  B  r  azils,  long,  775.  6d.  ;  Fingal,  725.  ;  Melbourne,  •  775.  South  Wales,  average,  765.  24d.  11  0 STYLE=superscript  '  1 STYLE=superscript  We  subjoin  a  return  of  the  Foreign  E  o STYLE=superscript  or  ie  e STYLE=superscript  calculated  according  to  the  London  A  ,  £3  17s.  101  d.  the  ounce  :-  n  1  15 STYLE=superscript  ,00  Amsterdam,  short,  11  417-,  to  -  -;  do,  2  moat STYLE=superscript  ito.lo  to  --  19  ;  Rotterdam,  3  m.  11  181  to  -19  t  ;  t`'  3  m.  25  35  to  -  40  ;  Brussels,  3  m.  25  35 STYLE=superscript  t STYLE=superscript  t  ° STYLE=superscript  2  5 STYLE=superscript  ,31  V  Hamburg,  3  m.  13  361  to  13  36a  ;  Paris,  s  ll STYLE=superscript  °''''l,.2a  l  l°'  -;  do,  3m.2525t024  70  ;.  Marseilles,  1 STYLE=superscript  ,,161  to  42  ;  Frankfort,  3m.  1194  to  1191  ;  0  1 STYLE=superscript  '41;  to  y  0  to  19  ;  Trieste,  3m.1135  to  11  40;  Petersburg  h  '  so  .‘,65„  31-16  ;  Madrid,  3  m.  50  10  to  -;  Cadiz,  3,  11 STYLE=superscript  ,  t STYLE=superscript  i5  to  - STYLE=superscript  1  241',  Leghorn,  3  m.  30  10  to  30  20  ;  Genoa,  3m.  2 STYLE=superscript  ;  2  41  to  or  oP;  Naples,  3  m.  414  to  42;  Palertno,  3  Messina,  3  m.  1241-  to  125  ;  Lisbon,  3  m.  --- STYLE=superscript  7,4  0  3rv  0  re,„'?(  3m.  53h  to  534;  R.  Janeiro,  60  days,  nu  t  ;  silv`  e  York,  ditto,  1094  to  1091  ;  Boston,  ditto,  ;  Gold  in  bars,  £3  17s.  9d.  ;  Mexican  Dollars,,  ' STYLE=superscript  OOl5.  6  in  bars  stand,  Os.  Od.;  East  India  companY:„baY  a°'  Bills  60  ds  ;  Calcutta  Co's  Rupee,  2s.  ld.  ;  l  on  g,  1L!  .  :  2s.  1d.3-16  ;  Madras  do.,  2  40;  lionn  /a  id,  3°  30  c  l STYLE=superscript  ;g  s STYLE=superscript  ,  6s.  6d.  ;  Sydney,  30  ds.  2  3 STYLE=superscript  /  4  dis.,  1  p STYLE=superscript  pr.  ;  Ade  Hobart  Tow  n,  Gee  lo  to  ,  0  pr.  ;  Launceston,  30  dis.,  1  pr.  :  2  pr.  ;  0  dis.  1  pr.  ;  Wellington,  &amp;c.,  dis.  1  dis.,  fL;  d.  6  7s.  9d  .  to  ;  Victoria  ,  21  ;  Jamaica,  1 STYLE=superscript  ;  pr.  •  Alexandria,  991  ;  Shanghae,  7s.  2 STYLE=superscript  d  t° STYLE=superscript  Triaid  s STYLE=superscript  St.  Thomas's,  32  ;  Berlin,  6  161.  .  I  c  11  6'1 STYLE=superscript  o STYLE=superscript  t  f STYLE=superscript  ))A  ling  1  0  tli°  0,  SPEPNG  Of  THE  SALFORD  E E-4010  -4010 E-4010  8  STIT  111  41,I STYLE=superscript  UTION,  AND  TE TE'IIANCE  'IIANCE TE'IIANCE  H  IN STYLE=superscript  A  LL.  A-.  p  tiblie  li STYLE=superscript  da  ni  i  c  !  e STYLE=superscript  a  Party  a  n  d  mus  i  ca  l  so  i  ree  too  k  p  l  ace,  on  ,  k STYLE=superscript  4ne  i  l STYLE=superscript  '  ils  t, STYLE=superscript  t  ie  celebration  of  the  opening  of  the  Salford  •  Atas  ltution  and  Temp  erance  H  a  ll.  The  meet meetthe  the meetthe  Lecture  R  oom  o  f  th  e  institution,  which  4  ta  thnetial  and  commodi  ous  b  u  ildi  ng  ,  a  d  m  i  ra  bly'  fitted  Georges  urposes  for  which  it  is  intented,  erected  in  itlare  en  i  i  street,  Salford.  There  a  was  every  numerous  'ltel  ent  s'  ladies  and  gentlemen  on  the  occasion.  After  E  .  Rtes  had  been  disposed  of,  the  chair  was  occu occu-1,4e0.e  -1,4e0.e occu-1,4e0.e  •  Longworthy,  Esq.,  the  president  of  the  in in.  . in.  toe  %  k  e  .  was  tastefully  decorated  with  busts;  flags,  ban banof  of banof  a STYLE=superscript  nd  on  the  platform  were  an  efficient  choir,  Oe  - STYLE=superscript  ssi  ;  3 STYLE=superscript  °PranoB,  Mrs.  Tomkins  and  Mrs.  Yarndley;  Holt  and  Norbury  ;  tenor,  Messrs.  bassi,  Messrs.  Smith  and  Craig.  Mr.  Obi,,  President  at  the  piano  forte.  ;14.  des  of  the  evening  was  commenced  by  the  lion.  4kletterAngustus  Marshall)  intimating  that  he  had  re relehtletas  lehtletas relehtletas  ° STYLE=superscript  f  aPology  for  non-attendance  from  the  follow-  Oli  e  ,,  e STYLE=superscript  n,--the  Very  Rev.  the  Dean  of  Manchester.  Veaec  er  '  31 STYLE=superscript  .  P.,  Mr.  John  Cheetham,  M.  P.,  Mr.  Ja-  O  tipsr.  James  Heywood,  M.  P.,  Mr.  George  Had-  Mr.  Fairbairn,  C.  E..  the  Rev.  Dr.  e•  lest  the  gentlemen  by  whom  the  chairman  was  .  sur surh°  h° surh°  iced  :—E.  R.  Langworthy,  Esq..  in  the  1 STYLE=superscript  _04  4 STYLE=superscript  Ross,  Esq.,  mayor  of  Salford  ;  J.  Brother-  Hindley,  M.  P.  ;  Sir  E.  Armytage,  Sir  11,he„r  ,„  ;  .Alexander  Henry,  Esq.  ;  Thomas  Bazley,  ter°,4,uessor  Scott;  Oliver  Heywood,  Esq.  ;  James  7  4 STYLE=superscript  e1  rq•  ;  Dr.  McKerrow  '  IL  Dr.  Watts,  Rev.  ;  .  it  t STYLE=superscript  e  e, STYLE=superscript  'e,v.  P.  Tucker,  Rev,  T.  G.  Lee,  Dr.  Caplin,  A  '''vert,  Mr,  Thomas  Wright,  J.H.  Hulme,  xce4  a  t[latetion  '  Esq  •  Wm.  Morris,  Esq.  ;  Alder Alderet.,Y,  et.,Y, Alderet.,Y, STYLE=superscript  -Rev.  Dr.  Beard,  John  Kay,  Esq.  ;  Thomas  1 STYLE=superscript  '42  .  11 STYLE=superscript  ;  Dr.  Isencee,  Ephraim  Hutchings,  Esq;  e,te,  Es  .•  Colin  Mather,  Esq.  •  Councillor  tl  ) STYLE=superscript  'bell'  '  c  •  or  Pellett,  Councillor  Goodall,  Councillor  Cer  °'lncillor  Mosley,  Councillor  Horrocks,  Mr.  )4 STYLE=superscript  e  l STYLE=superscript  Mr  Alexander  Baird,  Mr.  David  Chad Chade„  e„ Chade„  easerer  •  ‘  r. STYLE=superscript  f  ,  and  Mr.  Augustus  Marshall,  honr.  i  ty  /41  ,  )  4 STYLE=superscript  0  - STYLE=superscript  said  they  had  met  that  night  to  inaug.u inaug.u--;  -; inaug.u--;  \  D  N  d  - STYLE=superscript  lg.  in  which  they  were  assembled,  and  which  r  a  ke„  e STYLE=superscript  j`  for  the  purpose  of  a  mechanics'  institution.  N  e  'last  . STYLE=superscript  And  he  sincerely  congratulated  them  that  they  '  ll STYLE=superscript  Salford  a  building  of  that  kind.  (Hear.)  Many  t  attempt  was  made  to  form  such  an  institution,  41 STYLE=superscript  kfla  %‘  1111 STYLE=superscript  Sllecessful  ;  and  for  many  years  the  want  of  elCuig  had  been  much  felt.  It  was  with  much  th  a  e STYLE=superscript  iNTatulated  the  members  of  the  building  com-  labours  were  terminated,.  and  that  they  %)le,  a  `  e STYLE=superscript  p  L,ed  the  building  in  so  satisfactory  a  manner.  4,  1  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  0  t  b  .  ..  ) STYLE=superscript  The  hon.  secretary  (Mr.  Augustus  Marshall)  t  `gath  a STYLE=superscript  ye  that  night  to  make  any  report  as  to  the  pro pro•d  •d pro•d STYLE=superscript  ..  !et  er  ;  bee  n  ma  d  e  —had  he  made  any  report  it  would  !'ei  t  4 STYLE=superscript  4th  e STYLE=superscript  d  chiefly  t  o  money  received  and  money  spent  ;  `44,,  e STYLE=superscript  Permission  of  the  meeting,  he  (the  chairman)  N  4 STYLE=superscript  c  a  few  particulars  as  to  the  rise  and  progress  of  `eyi  tee  . STYLE=superscript  It  was  in  July,  1851,  a  meeting  was  held,  to  nleasures  to  raise  a  building  in  Salford,  as  a  'q,  c4 STYLE=superscript  e.e  Ins STYLE=superscript  titution.  A  committee  was  formed  of  several  4 STYLE=superscript  l4) STYLE=superscript  felt  anxious  to  carry  this  (into  operation,  , STYLE=superscript  pit,,  , STYLE=superscript  I  Z  ekbers  of  the  existing  mechanics'  institution.  '  4 STYLE=superscript  l  e  im  aie:Period  of  united  action,  some  differences  of  1  „  4 STYLE=superscript  41186  - STYLE=superscript  2  '  le  . STYLE=superscript  the  committee,  which  led  to  its  dissolution  Zulte  t  ,  &amp;  '  and  at  this  date  a  fresh  committee  was  formed,  L'  4 STYLE=superscript  d,  - STYLE=superscript  ,ttlit  - STYLE=superscript  1  ,  1.8 STYLE=superscript  of  the  existing  institution  retiring.  The  ,1  , STYLE=superscript  11  1  ,  41 STYLE=superscript  q  le  )  ,7e  continued  their  labours,  and,  meeting  with  '  e  ret  e  -4 STYLE=superscript  lltee  . STYLE=superscript  &#34;'  a STYLE=superscript  l  Support  in  their  applications  to  the  public,  ,cl,o  4  e STYLE=superscript  ,  i STYLE=superscript  leee„,'Noise  s  for  £6OO,  determined  to  proceed  with  the  `4E1,,,,,  , STYLE=superscript  and  of  the  building.  The  tenders  amounted  to  e  lildite„  °ll STYLE=superscript  the  7th  February,  1853,  the  corner  stone  of  ,„r'tee  '',.„,as  laid,  and  the  work  fairly  commenced,  the  sting  to  further  support.  Subsequently  it  was  G;Pa,  e  t  e,  - STYLE=superscript  ;',ye  the  building  warmed  and  ventilated  upon  o  e STYLE=superscript  `  e STYLE=superscript  'res,  it  being  considered  essential  to  the  conve conve;e„'ild  ;e„'ild conve;e„'ild  ~„e  i STYLE=superscript  asees,  schools,  &amp;e.  ;  this  addition  cost  between  has  of STYLE=superscript  0 STYLE=superscript  extra.  The  separation  between  the  direc directaot  taot directaot  b;  existing  institution  and  the  building  committee  er  -  all STYLE=superscript  Parties  connected  with  the  building  to  be  a  Ae  k  l  eisilleere  regret.  Negotiations  were  carried  on  by  eac STYLE=superscript  ts,'  'e3th  parties  became  convinced  that  each  ie  object,  that  of  extending  the  means  of  their  purpose  would  be  best  attained  by  On  the  14th  of  July,  the  amalgama amalgamattees  ttees amalgamattees  was  concluded,  and  their  united  since  made  towards  the  same  end  in  a  and  union.  This  event,  pleasing  to  all  much  to  final  success  in  raising  the  pre pre)  ) pre)  designation  of  the  institution  was,  in  the  Salford  Athenaeum,  but  upon  the  tiding  committee  with  the  directors  institution,  a  change  was  made  to  Aitution  and  Temperance  Hall.  They  irable  it  was  for  institutions  of  this  debt,  and  it  afforded  him  much  satis satis,  , satis,  this  institution  was  likely  soon  to  bo  institution  had  no  chief  rent  upon  it,  e  a  ,  „P'eat  advantage  (hear,  hear);  and  the  only  in int  t int  h STYLE=superscript  a STYLE=superscript  s STYLE=superscript  the  balance  which  remained  yet  unpaid.  keC  it STYLE=superscript  tee  1  .;  ‘  he STYLE=superscript  thought  there  was  very  little  doubt  the  e  t STYLE=superscript  ,liat.  .I'4l  succeed  in  obtaining  a  sum  sufficient  to  nti  bl STYLE=superscript  tel  ear.)  The  treasurer  reminded  him  that  there  /1  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  - STYLE=superscript  „uluidred  subscriptions  of  ld.  each.  (Hear,  NOleit  t  ,',  4 STYLE=superscript  ciught  they  were  deeply  indebted  to  the  build buildcoeffee  coeffee buildcoeffee  for  their  perseverance  and  steady  exertion,  aot  but  particularly  refer  to  the  exertions  of  11'101  er  g  :  Cs STYLE=superscript  ,  of  the  committee,  Mr.  Chadwick,  the  hon.  e  else)  Mr.  Marshall,  the  hon.  secretary.  (Loud  ,  'ae't)tkei  110  assured  the  meeting  that  those  gentlemen  sa  d  with  indefatigable  zeal;  and  he  spoke  with  all  kti,;  ( STYLE=superscript  y,  t  o  s STYLE=superscript  Teerity,  when  he  said  that  it  was  due  to  them  th  at  , STYLE=superscript  T,  e  continuance  of  their  exertions  and  perseve perseveke  ke perseveke  t  ,Nc  the  buildinm  was  carried  on  and  finally  consum consum-IPlause.)  -IPlause.) consum-IPlause.)  'They  had  now  got  a  building,  and  ‘lp  i STYLE=superscript  the  directors  would  be  to  carry  out  the  objects  prf  Ctution.  There  would  be  a  class  for  the  instrue instruekaNe  kaNe instruekaNe  Young  adults  who  might  avail  themselves  of  the  kte!,4l,  afforded  by  the  lecture-room,  the  reading-room,  kO4  - STYLE=superscript  L  ildi STYLE=superscript  ng  library.  (Hear.)  Then  there  were  schools  ht  the  institution  of  an  elevating  character.  He  t  hat  throu  g  h  the  exertions  of  Mr.  Ainsworth,  the  t  he  '  advantages  of  the  schools  to  the  community  l  're,.  lto STYLE=superscript  4  c STYLE=superscript  rY  great.  (Applause.)  The  young  men  of  Sal Salle  le Salle  Oki  now  have  an  opportunity  of  availing  themselves  nd  etZable  advantages  in  promoting  their  education,  a  !ft}  that  the  working-classes  would  now,  -in  great  lee!  ,Lake  advantage  both  of  the  elementary  classes  and  4 STYLE=superscript  C  be  The  course  of  education  was,  perhaps,  one  of  '&#34;&#34;Portant  of  the  day,  and  he  was  delighted  to  find  teas  Bur  ded  by  so  many  gentlemen  who  were  dis dis-41410114edadvocates  41410114edadvocates dis-41410114edadvocates  of  that  that  cause.  (Hear,  and  applause.)  keiSti'ducatioan  they  would  be  behind  the  race  of  nations.  ,ke'l  e  ea  e  °  ° STYLE=superscript  leed  across  the  Atlantic,  they  would  find  the  'V  I  .  glee  were  adopting  means  of  education  far  superior  to  , STYLE=superscript  taro  o STYLE=superscript  t  ,f,  the  kind  we  had  in  this  land.  And  if  we  wished  .  t STYLE=superscript  t'de  el  os  ile  advantages  we  had  hitherto  held  .  as  a  nation,  ,4‘,  11 STYLE=superscript  i11  . STYLE=superscript  1  .,  q0 STYLE=superscript  -  obedience  to  the  laws,  if  we  wished  for  the  N'  -4 STYLE=superscript  i  l STYLE=superscript  l  . STYLE=superscript  '  and  happiness  of  the  nation,  we  must  look  to  ge  n  ii  ° STYLE=superscript  t  o  aS  the  means,  and  must  carry  that  education  for fort  t fort  4  the  lowest  classes.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  did  not  t  tl  ll STYLE=superscript  N•tl  4 STYLE=superscript  ,  t STYLE=superscript  night  to  allude  to  any  particular  scheme  of  ed  !-  t  e STYLE=superscript  Y  met  on  a  broad  principle—but  he  considered  Rr  4  1'41 STYLE=superscript  Cause  of  the  day,  and  to  which  all  should  lend  (  A  a STYLE=superscript  nd  exertions  for  the  purpose  of  carrying  it  for-  t  k)7  l STYLE=superscript  4  e  Z9Plause.)  Much  had  been  done,  but  they  m  l  us  tO,l  s  Zthat  enough  had  not  been  done.  (Hear.)  Ve  forward  to  some  great  national  scheme,  such  .  as  1  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  c  5  ,  10  the  United  States  of  America,  before  the  desire  c,,Lhe  ‘  ,.`d  be  accomplished.  (Hear,  hear.)  \  -51. STYLE=superscript  0t11  k STYLE=superscript  4  1. STYLE=superscript  °R  OF  SALFORD  (William  Ross,  Esq.)  warmly  ,  9 STYLE=superscript  4  1 STYLE=superscript  1';'  ° STYLE=superscript  ,d  the  meeting  on  the  opening  of  the  Salford  'e4,101  1  1 STYLE=superscript  ~f  Institution.  To  him  the  occasion  was  peculiarly  lea  '1;  a STYLE=superscript  nd  he  saw  in  the  opening  of  that  institution  the  tradeer°  eae°l.  of STYLE=superscript  an  idea  which  he  had  warmly  cherished  some  ,hot:  , STYLE=superscript  but  in  which  he  and  those  with  whom  he  acted  ‘  4 STYLE=superscript  n  7  il STYLE=superscript  ecessful,  owing  to  the  difficulties  with  which  they  le  ps STYLE=superscript  •  e STYLE=superscript  nitend  However,  he  was  glad  to  find  that  they  4 STYLE=superscript  ,  °re  successful.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  believed  that  ttrp  individual  who  drew  up  the  prospectus  for  the  NeTed  Institution  for  Salford.  (Hear.)  They  e  t  i,  e STYLE=superscript  ,  l STYLE=superscript  'Y  hard  at  that  time,  and  had  many  difficulties  to  t  nit  j  .  ,, STYLE=superscript  which  the  promoters  of  the  present  estab estab,V,DartneW  ,V,DartneW estab,V,DartneW  not  of.  There  were  at  that  time  in  exis-  V  s STYLE=superscript  44tiou  walls  which  since  then  had  fallen  down,  4 STYLE=superscript  11  - STYLE=superscript  ',&#34;taliding  at  that  time  a  great  deal  of  good  was  (A  '  great  deal  ' STYLE=superscript  of  benefit  occurred  to  the  working  L'eq,&#34;'eh  PPlause.)  They  had  before  them  at  the  time  •referr  e  d  a  large  mass  of  adversaries,  regarding  vde  es  Institutions.  .A.t  that  time,  there  were  many  SWII4  the STYLE=superscript  o STYLE=superscript  f  high  standing  and  great  moral  influence,.  tO  `  t STYLE=superscript  ,dVOCateS  of  the  institutions  could  not  prev  a  il  NO  I STYLE=superscript  them  but  nevertheless,  they  succeeded  in  I STYLE=superscript  t%  f  e STYLE=superscript  Z  many  who  were  at  first  opposed  to  them,  le  eo  '''en  became  members  of  the  first  Salford  e  th  e  Institution.  (Hear.)  He  found  that  where  the  `  Pe  called  u  p  on  ,  m  uch  misapprehension  existed  k„l''re  e  '  °°r STYLE=superscript  king  of  Mechanics'  Institutions.  He  found  th  confounded  them  with  schools;  now  that  was  4,Tk  ot  ,•  )e STYLE=superscript  )  for  h  e  b  e  lie  ve  d  th  a  t  Mechanics'  Institutions  t  o  taup  e  `  l STYLE=superscript  &#34;'ls  which  were  essentially  different  from  those  j,,,Si  t STYLE=superscript  t  t STYLE=superscript  abled  to  a  school.  (Hear,  hear.)  His  influence,  Fil  l  ,t  Yvent,  would  be  exerted  in  inducing  young  men  .  r  Nos  institution—(applause);  and  he  rejoiced  .  in  40illeged  at  this,  his  first  :public  appearance  since  „4  1  teAtnent  to  the  office  of  mayor,  to  speak  in  favour  4  I STYLE=superscript  table  an  institution.  (Loud  applause.)  He  had  Nv  a  ~rl  l STYLE=superscript  l  supporter  of  Mechanics'  Institutions  ever  r  h  teQ  t  §  c  ias  h  able  to  do  anything  for  them  by  influence,  or  ep  t  ee  e  could  render  them,  for  he  thought  they  were  4 STYLE=superscript  ejoelef,  unmixed  good,  and  when  better  understood  k  . STYLE=superscript  I STYLE=superscript  '  o STYLE=superscript  more  heartily  appreciated  by  the  public  at  eeti  °l4 STYLE=superscript  l  .I%  4  applause.)  b,..  1 STYLE=superscript  ?  1  ,  th  at  1  1 STYLE=superscript  BRETIIERTON,  M.  P.,  could  assure  .  the  Qlo  eo  Tla  tio  ,,o_e  felt  sincere  pleasure  .  in  offering  his  cordial  e  i  Pey  sli  ce  upon  the  opening  of  this  institution.  The  the  I,lollll,iii`-'l4llles'  Institution  and  a  Temperance  Hall,was  a  e-  e  Ysl  e  eei  al_t'on  its  (applause),  for  it  was  niostimportant  that  11  ,  4  t  t  4ab  of  the  people  should  be  attended  to  if  t STYLE=superscript  nc  w  e  r°fit  by  education',;  they  might  rest  assured  `eese  tVeraoved  from  external  restraint,  if  we  did  e STYLE=superscript  Power  of  self  government  that  liberty  be became  came became  mischevious.  (Hear,  hear.)  But  if  we  attend  to  those  maxims  that  had  the  effect  of  controlling  the  passions,  of  bringing  man  into  a  state  of  order,  man  might  then  enjoy  everything  that  was  calculated  to  promote  his  welfare.  (Hear,  hear.)  Now  the  institution  was,  has  had  been  well  ob observed,  served, observed,  to  promote  the  education,  and  to  advance  the  cha character  racter character  of  man,  to  elevate  him  in  his  position,  to  cause  him  to  feel  self  respect,  to  obey  the  law,  and  to  promote  the  hap happiness  piness happiness  of  his  fellow-men.  (Hear,  hear.)  Now  he  did  con consider  sider consider  that  they  were  all  deeply  interested  in  the  establish establishment,  ment, establishment,  and  in  the  promotion  of  such  institutions  as  this.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  was  not  merely  the  higher  or  the  lower  classes  that  were  to  be  benefitted,  but  the  institution  was  for  the  benefit  of  all  classes  of  the  community.  The  great  end  which  they  ought  all  to  have  in  view,  was  good  govern government,  ment, government,  the  promotion  of  the  welfare,  the  interests,  the  pro property  perty property  and  the  happiness  of  all  classes.  Education  was  but  a  means  to  an  end,  and  the  object  was  the  promotion  of  the  well-being  of  Society.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  wished  this  in institution  stitution institution  success,  and  he  trusted  that  succeeding  generations  would  partake  of  its  benefits.  (Loud  applause.)  Principal  SCOTT,  of  0  wen's  College,  addressed  the  meet meeting  ing meeting  at  great  length,  in  favour  of  educational  establishments,  and  explanatory  of  the  advantages  they  conferred  upon  the  community  at  large.  He  particularly  dwelt  upon  the  ad advantages  vantages advantages  of  fundamental  education  in  America,  the  result  of  which  were  highly  beneficial  to  that  country.  Sir  JOHN  POTTER  said,  he  came  there  that  evening  to  tender  his  tribute  of  respect  to  the  chairman,  who  he  believed  to  have  been  mainly  instrumental  in  the  esablishinent  of  the  institution,  the  opening  of  which  they  had  met  to  celebrate.  (Applause).  He  came  there  to  tender  him,  as  an  inhabitant  of  Salford,  his  warmest  thanks  for  the  constant  and  muni munificent  ficent munificent  efforts  he  had  made  to  benefit  his  fellow  citizens—to  improve  the  present  and  all  future  generations  of  the  inhabi inhabitants  tants inhabitants  of  Salford.  (Applause).  And  he  came  there  also  to  congratulate  them  upon  the  establishment  of  another  institution,  which,  he  believed,  would  be  made  the  means  of  great  usefulness  to  them  all,  and  of  great  advantage  to  their  families.  He  had  heard  with  great  satisfaction  the  reference  that  had  been  made  tint  evening  to  the  state  of  education  in  America,  and  he  firmly  believed  that  unless  we  made  great  efforts  in  England  to  promote  the  better  education  of  our  poorer  and  of  our  richer  classes  too  (hear,  her)  —he  believed  that  unless  that  were  done,  our  brethren  across  the  Atlantic  would  outrun  us  in  the  race  of  civilisation,  and  might  even  yet  distance  us  in  great  manufacturing  energies  and  appli application.  cation. application.  (Hear,  hear).  He  thought  that  the  institution  was  creditable  to  the  benevolence  of  the  people  of  Salford,  and  the  basis  upon  which  it  was  founded  was  most  enlarged  and  most  popular.  It  was  an  institution  in  their  own  hands,  under  their  own  management,  and  must  depend  for  its  success  entirely  upon  their  own  efforts.  (Hear,  hear).  It  embraced  the  various  important  points  which  had  been  so  ably  attended  to  by  Professor  Scott,  and  he  hoped  and  trusted  that  its  means  of  usefulness  might  be  enlarged  by  the  abilities  which  might  be  developed  amongst  its  own  members.  He  thought  the  poorer  classes  of  these  communities  enjoyed  great  advantages,  for  which  they  ought  to  be  thankful,  advantages  which  were  not  possessed  by  their  richer  forefathers;  and  when  they  looked  at  the  long  list  of  public  useful  institutions  established  in  Manchester  and  Salford,  he  thought  they  might  well  congratulate  themselves  upon  them.  (Hear,  hear).  He  hoped  and  trusted  that  the  information  delivered  at  the  institution  which  had  just  been  opened  in  Salford,  would  be  of  great  value  to  the  entire  neighbourhood.  He  had  listened  with  great  delight  to  the  remarks  made  by  their  worthy  friend,  Mr.  Brotherton,  and  he  believed  that  if  such  institutions  as  this  were  fully  de developed,  veloped, developed,  and  their  natural  effects  fully  produced,  we  should  see  more  wisdom  among  our  operatives,  and  fewer  of  those  strikes  that  promised  to  be  so  productive  of  misery  and  sorrow  amongst  the  working  classes.  (Hear,  hear).  He  hoped  and  trusted  they  would  all  join  in  their  spheres  in  doing  the  ut utmostlin  mostlin utmostlin  their  power  to  promote  the  education  of  their  fel fellow-citizens.  low-citizens. fellow-citizens.  (Applause).  The  Rev.  FRANCIS  TUCKER  next  addressed  the  audience,  directing  his  exhortations  and  remarks  chiefly  to  the  work working  ing working  classes.  In  the  course  of  his  speech,  he  vindicated  the  conduct  he  had  pursued  in  advocating  the  system  of  secular  education  recommended  by  the  Public  School  Associa-  ton.  After  two  or  three  further  addresses,  the  meeting  sepa sepa,ed.  ,ed. sepa,ed.  LECTURE  AT  THE  CATHOLIC  INSTITUTE.  On  last  evening,  Mr.  J  S.  Northcote,  (late  of  Corpus  Christi  College,  Oxford)  delivered  a  lecture  in  the  hall  of  the  Catholic  Institute,  Hope-street,  on  the  Albigenses  and  Owing  to  the  wetness  of  the  evening  the  at attendance  tendance attendance  was  not  as  large  as  usual.  Mr.  John  Yates,  jun.  took  the  chair,  and  in  a  few  brief  remarks  introduced  the  lecturer  to  the  meeting.  Mr.  Northeote,  on  presenting  himself,  was  loudly  ap appl_rged.  pl_rged. appl_rged.  He  said  that  a  story  was  told  of  one  of  our  Prime  Ministers,  he  believed  Sir  Robert  Walpole,  that  on  one  occasion,  when  he  was  too  unwell  to  read  or  write  himself,  he  called  upon  his  secretary  to  read  something  to  him  which  should  be  at  once  useful  and  entertaining—something  that  should  be  instructive  to  him  as  a  politician  and  a  statesman.  The  secretary  propecoa  to  road  cnnin  work,  hnt  the  minister  said  Do  not  read  me  that  or  any  work  uponhistory,  for  history  I  know  must  naturally  be  His  experience  of  the  events  of  the  times  in  which  he  lived,  and  the  accounts  which  went  forth  of  them  to  the  world,  taught  him  that  history  for  the  most  part  was  written  in  entire  ignorance  of  the  real  motives  of  men,  and  of  the  causes  which  led  to  public  events;  nor  was  he  single  in  that  opi opinion.  nion. opinion.  History  had  a  bad  name  generally  ;  it  had  been  called  one  vast  conspiracy  against  truth  and  no  wonder  for  it  had  fallen  into  bad  hands,  and  had  been  put  to  vile  uses.  And  history,  as  the  Englishman`read  it,  in  its  multitudinous  shapes  and  forms  —in  tracts,  pamphlets,  and  tomes—was,  indeed,  vast  conspiracy  against  God's  The  subject  on  which  he  was  about  to  address  them  on  that  evening,  was  one  of  those  which  had  been  misrepresented  and  perverted  from  the  truth,  and  set  before  the  world  in  a  point  of  view  most  diametrically  opposed  to  the  true  one.  The  lecturer  then  briefly  stated  that  according  to  the  Pro Protestant  testant Protestant  readings,  and  the  Exeter  Hall  traditions,  the  Albi Albigenses  genses Albigenses  were  persecuted  solely  because  they  entertained  religious  views  at  variance  with  those  of  the  Romish  Hierarchy;  that  they  were  persecuted  by  the  Pope  for  twenty  years,  in  an  endeavour  to  extirpate  them  ;  and  that  &amp;Uhlg  in  that  endeavour,  they  became  that  from  which  sprung  the  subsequent  Protestant  Reformation.  On  one  point  both  Catholics  and  Protestants  agreed,  namely,  that  such  a  people  as  the  Albigenses  lived  in  the  thirteenth  century  in  the  south  of  France,  andthat  a  crusade,  or  holy  war,  was  waged  against  them  for  twenty  years.  There  were  three  points  arising  from  that  statement,  on  which  it  was  necessary  that  he  should  say  a  few  words,  in  order  that  they  might  be  in  possession  of  the  facts  of  the  case.  These  points  were,  firstly,  how  came  the  Pope  to  have  any  thing  to  do  with  heretics  in  the  South  of  France,  and  how  had  he  the  power,  being  the  Sovereign  of  the  Papal  States,  to  proclaim  a  war  in  that  district  ?  Secondly,  who  were  those  persecuted  Albigenses,  and  why  were  they  persecuted  by  any  body  ?  And  thirdly,  supposing  the  Pope  to  have  the  right  of  interference  with  them,  what  did  the  Pope  do,  and  what  did  the  Albigenses  suffer  ?  The  lecturer  then  explained  what  the  social  state  of  Europe  was  in  the  middle  ages—how  in  the  Popes  was  vested,  by  common  consent,  the  appellant  jurisdiction  over  all  Christendom,  and  how  in  all  disputes  between  the  Chris Christian  tian Christian  princes  and  their  people,  the  leanings  of  the  Popes  were  ever  on  the  popular  side.  Me  argued  that  this  appellant  jurisdiction  iu  the  Popes  was  the  key-stone  of  the  arch  of  their  social  system,  and  that  the  Popes  were  not  only  justi justified  fied justified  but  bound  to  use  the  powers,  however  stringent,  which  were  vested  in  them  for  the  common  weal,  as  occasion  might  require.  They  did  co  more  than  what  was  now  done  by  other  powers,  and  what  the  Church  Defence  Society,  without  the  exigencies  of  the  early  ages,  wanted  the  Queen  and  government  of  England  to  do  with  regard  to  the  Catholics  of  these  kingdoms.  The  lecturer  then  traced  the  progress  of  the  Albigensian  heresy,  from  its  rise  in  the  twelfth  cen century,  tury, century,  and  described  its  teachings  as  being  opposed  not  only  to  the  Christian  religion,  but  to  every  idea  of  moral  rospon  sibility.  Its  teachings  were  bad,  but  its  practices  were  still  worse,  and  in  a  short  time  proved  to  those  princes  who  first  countenanced  it  (as  it  legalised  their  excesses,  by  teaching  that  was  no  virtue,  and  its  want  no  that  it  was  totally  subversive  of  society  ;  so  much  so  that  the  court  of  Toulouse,  which  was  its  first  patron,  soon  wrote  to  the  King  of  France  for  assistance  to  put  down  the  heretics,  or  rioters,  who  were  devastating  his  principality.  The  lecturer  then  detailed  the  history  of  the  Councils  of  Rheims  and  Montpellier,  and  the  general  Councilof  Rome,  at  which  the  crusade  was  directed  to  be  preached  against  the  Albigenses,  and  contended  that  the  horrors  of  that  war  could  not  be  attributed  to  the  Church  of  Rome.  Moreover,  though  the  war  lasted  for  twenty  years,  it  ceased  to  be  a  cru crusade  sade crusade  ;  '  for  it  became  a  war  of  conquest  the  country  was  given  up  without  the  sanction  or  consent  of  the  Pope,  by  Arnold  to  Simon  de  Montfort,  Count  of  Leicester.  The  lecturer  then  contrasted  the  horrors  of  this  war,  which  he  did  not  mean  to  extenuate,  with  those  by  which  he  contended,  on  the  autho authority  rity authority  of  Voltaire  and  Macaulay,  that  Protestanism  was  estab established.  lished. established.  According  to  Erasmus,  the  propagation  of  Pro Protestanism  testanism Protestanism  ended,  so  far  as  its  leaders  were  concerned,  like  a  comedy,  in  marriage,  but  with  the  people  like  a  tragedy,  in  death.  (Applause.)  On  the  motion  of  the  Rev.  Mr.  Nugent,  who  announced  that  the  lecturer  would  deliver  another  lecture  on  next  Mon Monday  day Monday  evening,  in  the  Concert  Hall,  Lord  Nelson-street,  on  The  the  thanks  of  the  meeting  were  voted  by  acclamation  to  Mr.  Northcote.  ECCLESIASTICAL  INTELLIGENCE.  The  Lord  Bishop  0  Manchester,  yesterday,  at  the  Diocesan  Registry,  St.  James's-square,  licensed  the  Rev.  George  Hales,  B.C.L.  to  the  perpetual  curacy  of  Birch,  in  the  Parish  of  Middleton,  near  Manchester,  the  same  being  vacant  by  the  institution  of  the  Rev.  Hugh  Percy  Thomas,  the  late  incumbent  to  the  Rectory  of  Nash-cum-Upton,  in  the  diocese  of  Saint  David's,  on  the  nomination  of  the  Rev.  Richard  Durnford  , STYLE=superscript  the  Rector  of  Middleton,  the  Patron.  MARSHAL  NARVAEZ  AND  THE  QUEEN  OF  SPAIN.—On  the  evening  of  the  Bth  Narvaez  proceeded  to  the  Palace  to  present  his  homages  to  the  Queen.  The  audience  was  very  short.  The  marshal  thanked  the  Queen  for  her  kindness  in  allowing  him  to  return  to  Spain  for  the  benefit  of  his  health.  The  Queen  is  said  to  have  replied  to  him  I  perceive  with  pleasure  that  your  health  is  good.  I  thought  you  were  ill.  Had  I  known  that  you  enjoyed  such  good  health  I  should  have  insisted  on  your  going  to  The  marshal  immediately  took  leave  of  her  Majesty,  and  left  on  the  9th  for  Aranjuez,  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  P3_TB00012 l STYLE=superscript  e4  e  1 STYLE=superscript  :  11: STYLE=superscript  1e  'eild STYLE=superscript  ;  and  b.  k  kt  .  W  the  same  .i  eo.  all STYLE=superscript  d  that  ti  s  ci STYLE=superscript  eration.  i  i  te  commit  •Of  Pave STYLE=superscript  been  IbutcordialitY  il'  it  e STYLE=superscript  °titr  •  ed  ‘tt  !rig-  The  k  Instance,  t  kOf  the  bull,  ,yj  existing  . STYLE=superscript  in  Vulnics'  Inst  4,,  5  _  .  '•  1 STYLE=superscript  1  , STYLE=superscript  &gt;•,,  &amp;sir  f STYLE=superscript  ree,3l'‘free  fro  ]  e  hat  t  1  ,1113  w  as  •  .  t  .  qt.  rani,  a STYLE=superscript  green  2"
