text
"Le  curious,  prying,  prt  the  people  were  beginning  to  se(  longer  be  the  slaves  of  the  priests.  breaking  the  manacles  by  which  they  had  been  so  long  bound,  and  were  thinking  and  acting  f  the  little  children  wet  They  were  themselves.  Even-  meeting  th(  ilia  the  Chi  reasons  for  leala  joining  what  was  called  the  way,  and  1  of  Ron  A.  pries  little  boy  one  day  upon  the  road,  and  a  lira  what  v  the  reason  he  did  not  conic  to  the  chapel.  Oh,  your  re 'reverence,'  was  the  answer,  I  have  left  the  Church  of  How  dare  you  say  so  ?  You  leave  the  church  of  your  fathers—.  Why  so  Oh,  because  she  is  all  6,  How  is  she.  wrong  Why,  your  reverence,  there  is  not  one  word  in  all  the  scriptures  about  the  ma  priest  paused  for  some  moments  and  t  1  lie,  sir,  (laughter),  did  you  not  read  i  $t  Paul's  Epistle,  (Great  that  a  little  lea'ven  lea  - STYLE=superscript  vens  the  whole  mas  laughter.)  That  was  the  Douay  translation,  they  transl  the  word  as  It  varied  little,  or  nothing  at  al  meaning,  but  the  want  announced  the  purpose,  arid  the  piest  said  a  little  leaven  leavens  the  whole  Ah,  then,  your  said  the  boy,  who  was  acquainted  with  the  context,  that  is  a  very  .  bad  mass,  for  it  is  a  leaven  of  malice  and  (Loud  applause.)  Tho  priest  was  obliged  to  walk  o  allow  the  little  to  go  to  the  clinic-  plause.)  He  heard  of  another  instance  of  two  boys  going  to  school  with  bibles  under  their  arms,  and  they  met  the  priest  upon  the  road,  who  stopped  them,  and  got  into  a  con controversy  troversy controversy  about  the  church  and  the  Protestant  schools.  One  of  the  boys  opened  the  Bible,  and  the  priest  said,  pat  away  that  book,  it'  is  a  bad  The  smaller  boy,  who  was  standing  behind,  nudged  his  companion,  an  said  say  to  him,  get  thee  behind  me  (Cheer.,  The  public  mind  had  awakened.  Let  them  persevere  in  sending  forth  that  Book  which  diffused  a  blessing  wherever  it  went,  and  let.  them  all  experience  the  high  privilege  of  taking  a  share  in  •  the  good  work.  Let  that  be  indeed  a  ..rand  That  word  was  a  sound  of  triumph,  and  of  jubilee  joy,  and  let  thanks  and  praise  be  given  to  God,  who  had  permitted  them  to  join  in  such  a  work,  and  let  every  one  do  something  towards  it.  (Hear,  lgar,  and  cheers.)  I  feel,  my  lord,  (continued  the  Rev.  Doctor)  that  I  must  draw  to  a  close.  I  have  already  trespassed  to  a  most  unreasonable  length  (no,  no),  but  I  would  say  to  the  - STYLE=superscript  young  and  to  the  old,  to  the  labouring  classes  here  present,  to  children  and  to  servants,  and  I  know  no  class  that  ought  to  be  more  impressed  with  their  responsibility  in  a  cause  of  this  kind,  than  domestic  servants  of  the  gentry  of  such  a  town  as  this  —you  have  everything  found  for  you  ;  at  this  time  when  prices  are  getting  high,  you  don't  find  it  at  your  own  cost,  you  don't  feel  it,  everything  is  found  you,  and  your  wages  paid..  Consecrate  a  portion  of  it  then  to  God's  service,  who  has  given  you  such  a  privilege,  as  to  live  in  a  land  like  this  (hear).  The  little  children  of  all,  of  every  one,  if  they  can  give  but  little,  let  them  cheerfully  do  their  diligence  to  give  their  little.  Every  particle  of  ice  and  snow,  that  melts  on  the  Alpine  summit,  adds  to  the  drippin  from  the  rock  below,  and  every  drop  from  the  roc  k  swells  .  ,  the  torrent  that  rushes  down  to  the  valley,  and  every  such  torrent  enlarges  the  river  that  moves  in  its  majesty  and  greatness,  yet,  irresisteble  force  into  the  bosom  of  the  ocean  (hear;  hear).  It  is  in  the  hottest  weather,  when  the  strongest  beams  of  the  summer  sun  rest  on  the  Alpine  sum summits,  mits, summits,  that  the  snow  and  the  frost  are  most  fully  melted  ;  and  it  is,  when  under  the  genial  warmth  of  the  Sun  of  Righteous Righteousness,  ness, Righteousness,  the  snows  and  frosts  of.  the  hard  selfish  heart  of  limn  give  way,  and  the  melting  influence  of  the  grace  of  God  is  felt,  then  it  is,  that  the  hands  pour  forth  that  tributary  stream,  the  drops  becpme  little  rivulets,  the  riVulets  becomes  torrents,  the  torrents  rivers,  another  ocean  feels  the  influence,  and  earth  is  gladdened.  (Hear,  hear).  Oh,  then  give  unto  this,  put  forth  your  hands  and  open  the  little  rivulets,  let  forth  your  streams,  and  let  each  one  say,  I  must  have  a  hand  in  it,  I  oannot  allow  this  torrent  to  flow  without  throwing  my  drop  at  least  into.  it  ;  I  must  have  a  hand  in  it  ;  it  is  a  glorious  cause,  the  cause  of  God  (Hear,  hear).  His  promise  is  in  it  ;  success  is  in  it.  Rome  cannot  stop  it  (cheers)  ;  the  deVil:cannot  stop  it  (applause),  and  do  not  let  it  go  without  a  heart,  without  a  hand,  without  a  contribution  from  even  poor  and  humble  means.  (Prolonged  applause).  A  hymn  was  then  sung,  while  the  collection  was  being  made,  and  on  its  conclusion,  The  Rev.  Dr.  M'NEILE  announced  that  on  Friday  even evening,  ing, evening,  a  public  meeting  would  be  held  in  the  Clayton  Hall,  at  which  a  deputation  from  the  hundred  English  and  Scotch  ministers,  who  were  recently  ea  gaged  in  preachin  g  the  Gos Gospel  pel Gospel  in  Ireland,  would  attend.  He  regretted,  that  other  du duties  ties duties  would  prevent  him  from  being  present.  The  Rev.  Dr.  COOPER  next  came  .forward,  and  was  re received  ceived received  with  loud  applause.  The  rev.  gentleman  dwelt  with  much  eloquence  upon  the  progress  which  that  society  had  made  in  the  diffusion  of  Scriptural  knowledge.  A  grand  total  of  45,624,503  copies  of  the  Scriptures  had  been  issued  in  connexion  with  that  society.  He  would  not  ask  the  meeting  if  they  understood  what  a  million  was,  but  perhaps  he  might  be  permitted  to  tell  them  what  a  countryman  once  said  when  asked  that  perplexing  question—J.'  lam  no  said  he,  but  I  always  reckoned  a  million  as  something  above  a  (Laughter.)  Now,  let  him  give  an  homely  illustration  of  the  number  of  Bibles.  He  would  take  an  illus illustration  tration illustration  from  what  he  saw  some  time  ago  in  the  Times.  A  gentleman,  to  satisfy  his  curiosity,  measured  the  shelves  of  the STYLE=superscript  new  part  of  the  British  Museum  Library,  in  which  were  260,000  volumes.  I  found,  that  if  there  was  one  continued  shelf,  it  would  be  just  eight  miles  in  length  to  contain  these  volumes.  The  library  in  Munich  contained  500,000  volumes,  which  wouldrequire  a  shelf  of  15  miles  in  length  :  the  library  in  Paris  contained  650,000  volumes,  which  would  requira  a  shelf  about  20  miles  long.  It  occurred  to  him  then  to  consider  what  shelf  would  hold  •  the  Bibles  which  that  society  had  issued,  and  he  found  it  would  be  1400  miles  in  length.  (Applause.)  The  rev.  speaker  alluded  to  the  number  of  lan languages  guages languages  into  which  the  Scriptures  had  been  translated  under  the  auspices  of  that  society,  and  quoted  the  saying  of  George  Buchanan  that  he  would  rather  be  the  means  of  translating  the  Holy  Scriptures  into  a  language  in  which  they  were  not  known  before  than  be  the  founder  of  an  empire.  (Applause.)  The  reason  was  obvious—by  every  translation  souls  might  be  saved,  and  the  world  would  outlast  the  empire.  (Ap (Applause.)  plause.) (Applause.)  The  speaker  •  declared  the  Bible  SeciAy  to  be  the  trmgth  and  the  glory  of  England,  and  pros:  eded  to  say  that  within  the  past  year  1967  public  meetings  (~f  that  descrip description  tion description  having  been  held  throughout  the  country.  •  He  knew  that  a  great  deal  had  been  said  about  their  meetings,  and  he  allowed  that  things  were  said  at  them  which  had  better  be"
