text
"THE  HOSTILITIES  ON  THE  DANUBI  VIENNA,  Nov.  B.—The  Consul  of  Fran(  writes  as  follows  to  M.  de  ,Bourquenc  Bucharest  rider  date  the  6th  On  the  2d  and  3d  of  November  the  Turks  crossed  the  Danube  from  Turtukai  to  Oltenitza,  to  the  number  of  about  12,000  men  On  the  4th  General  Parlof  attacked  them  with  9000  men,  and,  after  a  brisk  cannonade,  a  combat  with  the  bayonet  took  place  between  the  two  armies.  The  Turks  maintained  their  positions  at  Oltenitza,  and  have  fortified  them.  The  combat  lasted  three  hours  In  it  the  Russians  lost  several  officers  and  136  privates  killed,  and  6  superior  officers,  18  subalterns,  and  479  pri privates  vates privates  wounded.  The  loss  on  the  Turkish  side  is  not  known  4000  Turks  occupy  Kalarache,  2000  have  established  themselves  on  an  island  in  front  of  Giurgevo,  and  12,000  are  in  Lesser  Wallachia.  VIENNA,  Tuesday  Night.  —From  the  4th  to  the  sth  the  Turks  occupied  the  island  near  Oltenitza,  and  crossed  unob unobserved  served unobserved  to  Wallachia  at  dawn.  When  seen,  a  battle  ensued  which  lasted  28  hours.  The  resulti4  unknown.  It  is  rumoured  that  Guirgevo  was  taken  by  storm.  Turtukai  and  Oltenitza  arc  towns  on  the  right  and  left  banks  of  the  Danube,  between  Rustchuck  and  Silistria,  on  the  direct  route  to  Bucharest.  Higher  up  the  river,  and  opposise  to  Rustchuk,  lies  Giurgevo,  from  which  another  road  leads  to  Bucharest.  Still  ascending  the  river,  we  come  to  Rahova,  a  town  on  the  right  bank,  opposite  to  which  lies  Kalarache,  at  the  junction  of  the  Schyl  and  Danube.  The  troops  in  Lesser  Wallachia  are  those  which  crossed  from  Widdin,  which  forms  the  extreme  left  of  the  Turkish  line.  Letters  from  Bucharest  say  that  the  Hospodar  Stirbey  has  left  Bucharest  for  Vienna.  His  departure  has  been  officially  announced  to  the  representatives  of  the  foreign  Powers.  The  government  is  carried  un  by  . STYLE=superscript  a  Commission,  and  the  Russians  have  seized  all  the  public  funds  and  treasures.  The  prices  of  goods  and  victuals  have  been  fixed  at  a  very  iv,  r.to  by  ibo  Th;litary  authorities.  Whenever  any  dealer  asks  high  prices  he  is  at  once  seized  and  flogged  by  the  soldiers,  who  superintend  the  public  markets.  War  seems  imminent.  The  Russians  in  their  entrench entrenchments  ments entrenchments  on  the  left  bank  of  the  Danube  make  no  preparations  to  cross  that  river.  The  Consuls  of  France  and  Great  Britain  expect  instructions  from  their  governments,  autho authorising  rising authorising  them  to  leave  the  country.  _  The  above  despatches  from  Bucharest,  it  will  be  perceived,  are  from  the  French  Consul,  and  may  be  considered  as  authentic.  The  following,  which  represent  matters  as  very  favourable  to  the  Russians,  come—the  first  from  a  Bucharest  newspaper  ;  and,  in  stating  that  the  Russian  vanguard  threw  the  Turks  back  upon  their  entrenchments  along  the  unintentionally  betrays  the  fact  that  the  Turks  were  able  to  entrench  themselves  after  their  passage  of  the  river.  The  Bucharest  paper  of  the  sth  says—The  Turks,  avail availing  ing availing  themselves  of  a  thick  fog,  took  possession  of  an  island  opposite  Turkutan,  and  then  landed  on  the  left  shore  ;  the  reconnoitering  division  was  repulsed.  The  Russian  van vanguard  guard vanguard  threw  the  Turks  back  upon  their  entrenchments  along  the  river  Another  despatch  also  dated  Bucharets,  November  5  says—Yesterday,  the  Turks  attempted  a  passage  near  Giur  gevo,  Oltenitza,  and  Slobodzie.  At  Giurgevo  they  were  repulsed.  At  Olteiitza  they  crossed;  a  twenty-eight  hours'  cauno.  nade  ensued;  the  Russians  also  here  repelled  them.  At  Giurgevo  they  fired  upon  a  steamer  coming  from  hit  soya,  and  then  transported  her  to  the  Turkish  shore.  Prince  Gortschakoff  went  to  Giurgevo  to-day.  The  above  forms  the  whole  of  the  — STYLE=superscript  intelligence  received  by  telegraph  to-day.  The  following  items  of  news  we  collect  from  letters  and  the  second  editions  of  our  morning  con-  temporaries  :  We  learn  from  Vienna,  of  the  4th,  that  the  Turkish  government,  after  a  long  deliberation,  had  decided  upon  re receiving  ceiving receiving  foreign  officers  into  the  service  of  the  Porte.  The  Gazette  of  Bucharest,  which  may  fairly  be  supposed  to  be  subject  to  Russian  influence,  says  that  twelve  thousand  men  of  the  Russian  army  of  occupation  are  in  hospital.  The  _Patrie  contradicts  the  statement  in  the  Journal  Fran Francais  cais Francais  de  Francfort,  that  fresh  negotiations  are  about  to  b(  opened  at  Bucharest  for  the  termination  of  the  Easters  question.  may  be  for  the  interest  of  Russian  policy,  adds  the  .  -  -  -  ,o  renew  is°,  `rence  with  •  but  we  can  assert  that  this  news,  to  which  it  is  endeavourer  Lo  give  consistency,  is  completely  From  letters  from  Constantinople  of  the  25th,  it  wouk  appear  certain  that  Persia  would  maintain  a  strictly  neutt  position.  A  letter  of  the  same  date  in  the  Chronic,  I  have  never  known  Constantinople  so  peaceable,  so  tran tranquil  quil tranquil  as  it  is  at  this  present  moment.  All  fears  of  disturb.  antes,  and  all  bad  feeling  towards  the  Christians,  whicl  were  so  evident  but  a  few  weeks  since,  seem  to  have  evapo•  rated  with  the  declaration  of  war  ;  and,  to  judge  by  the  of  fhia  vast  ity.  xfpl  would  li  t  ti  A  in?  a  fsi  nA  that  it:  inhabitants  were  of  so  - STYLE=superscript  belligerent  a  dispositiori  as  to  have  insisted  on  vindicating  their  rights  by  the  The  Constantinople  correspondent  of  the  Debats  states  that  the  rumour  of  a  battle  between  the  Turks  and  Russians  in  Ask  was  unfounded,  and  explains  the  mistake  which  led  to  the  statement  as  the  arrival  at  Batoum  of  a  certain  number  o:  Turkish  regular  soldiers  who  had  been  wounded  in  an  en.  gagement  against  some  Turkish  irregulars,  who  wanted  tc  commence  the  war,  and  whom  it  was  found  necessary  to  pu  down  by  Other  letters,  however,  say  that  though  till  affair  in  Asia  appeared  to  have  been  somewhat  exaggerated  the  fact  that  a  Warmish  between  the  Turkish  and  Russian  troops  stationed  on  the  frontiers  in  Asia  had  taken  place,  seemed  not  to  bear  contradiction.  A  great  many  British  officers  had  left  Constantinople  for  Yarna  and  Sebum's.  Lord  Worsley,  Colonel  Buckley,  and  others,  were  amongst  the  number.  Regarding  the  position  of  affairs  in  Wallachia,  the  Vienna  correspondent  of  The  Times  mentions  a  rumour,  that  the  right  wing  of  the  Russians  under  General  Dannenberg  had  been  forced  to  retire.  Russia  says,  had  not  calculated  on  the  assistance  of  Austria,  it  is  not  to  be  sup supposed  posed supposed  that  the  army  would  have  been  placed  in  its  present  position.  Instead  of  occupying  the  whole  of  Lesser  Wal Wallachia,  lachia, Wallachia,  up  to  the  Servian  and  Austrian  frontier,  the  Russian  forces  have  never  gone  much  further  west  than  Krajova,  and  the  consequence  is  that  the  Turks  have  put  in  a  wedge  which,  if  not  speedily  dislodged,  may  become  the  source  of  great  annoyance  to  their  opp  - STYLE=superscript  onents.  It  strikes  me  that  the  right  wing  of  the  Russians  is  in  danger  of  being  turned,  be because  cause because  some  assistance  which  had  been  calculated  on  has  been,  He  further  The  object  of  the  Russian  General  evidently  is  to  draw  the  Turks  into  the  interior  of  the  country,  but  in  this  he  will  hardly  succeed,  for,  according  to  credible  private  advices  of  the  28th  from  Orsova,  the  troops  which  have  been  landed  from  the  right  bank,  instead  of  pushing  forwards  are  busily  employed  in  throwing  up  entrenchments,  which  are  to  serve  as  a  point  d'  appui  for  future  operations.  It  can  not  longer  be  doubted  that  small  detachments  of  Turkish  troops  have  crossed  the  river  at  many  points,  but  contrary  to  all  expectation.  they  have  committed  no  excesses.  Not  only  has  neither  theft  nor  robbery  been  committed,  but  even  the  provisions  with  which  the  men  were  supplied  were  paid  for  in  ready  money.  My  correspondent  adds  :—'  It  is  evident  enough  that  Omer  Pasha  has  introduced  the  strictest  discipline.'  Letters  from  Bucharest  say  that  The  panic  of  the  Wal Wallachians  lachians Wallachians  at  the  approach  of  war  is  increasing  daily.  Some  of  the  towns  along  the  bank  of  the  Danube  have  been  almost  entirely  deserted,  and  crowds  of  fugitives  are  daily  pouring  into  Bucharest.  Some  of  the  Boyards  have  already  fled  into  Austria,  and  others  are  preparing  to  follow  their  The  Paris  correspondent  of  The  Times  alludes  to  the  posi position  tion position  of  the  Russian  Ambassador  in  Paris  as  becoming  each  day  more  embarrassing.  The  articles  which  have  appeared  within  the  last  few  days  in  the  papers  whose  relations  with  the  Ministry  are  well  known,  and  which  bear  a  semi-official  stamp,  have,  he  states,  added  to  that  embarrassment.  Ex Explanations  planations Explanations  about  articles,  and  paragraphs  in  newspapers,  even  including  those  copied  into  the  Afoniteur  from  foreign  journals,  are  becoming  more  frequent  and  of  a  more  decided  character.  The  appointment  of  General  Baraguay  d'Hilliers,  too,  has  been  a  thorn  in  his  side.  The  correspondent  states  his  belief  that  M.  de  Kisseleff  has  long  since  received  his  instructions  how  to  act,  and  that  those  instructions  pro provide  vide provide  for  every  case  that  may  occur.  Should  matters  reach  the  desperate  extreme  of  shaking  the  dust  off  his  feet  at  the  door  of  the  Tuilleries,  and  demanding  his  passports,  even  to  that  emergency  his  cart  blanche  extends.  As  affairs  now  look  in  the  East  perhaps  that  emergency  will  not  long  have  to  be  looked  LOVE  AND  SUICIDE.--On  the  night  of  yesterday  week,  a  young  man  named  Edmond  Perry,  aged  16  years,  living  in  White  -street,  came  home,  in  drink,  appearing  at  the  time  to  be  greatly  excited.  He  said,  Mother,  I  have  given  up  the  company  of  This  his  mother  was  glad  to  hear,  from  the  youth  of  the  lad,  and  the  fact  that  the  girl  was  twenty-five  years  old,  whilst  he  was  not  out  of  his  apprenticeship.  The  mother  advised  the  boy  to  go  to  bed,  saying  that  she  would  bring  him  up  some  refreshment.  He  accordingly  retired  to  his  room,  and  his  mother  brought  him  up  some  coffee  and  biscuit,  and  then  left  him,  as  he  appeared  somewhat  more  tranquil.  Shortly  after  a  man  named  Jacob,  who  lodges  in  the  house,  came  into  the  room,  and  asked  Perry  where  he  had  been,  he  said  at  the  theatre,  where  he  had  seen  the  play  of  Hamlet,  and  then  he  suddenly  caught  up  a  knife  and  attempted  to  draw  it  across  his  throat.  Jacob  rushed  forward  and  succeeded  in  wresting  the  knife  from  his  hand,  but  the  unfortunate  youth  drew  a  dagger  or  clasp  knife  out  of  his  pocket,  and  making  a  point  at  Jacob,  succeeded  in  passing  him,  and  immediately  rushed  clown  stairs.  Jacob  shouted  out,  and  ran STYLE=superscript  after  him,  and  in  the  passage  below  his  father  stopped  him  from  rushing  into  the  street.  The  infatuated  youth  instantly  stabbed  himself  i  n  the  bowels,  a  little  to  t  he STYLE=superscript  left  side,  with  the  knife,  and  fell,  bleeding  most  profusely.  Dr.  Bruce  was  immediat  e  ly  sen  t  for,  and  arrived  in  a  few  minutes.  Upon  seeing  him  the  Doctor  said,  I  shall  do  my  .  duty,  but  I  fear  I  can  do  him  no  The  youth  continued  to  linge  r  un  til  T  ues  d  ay  ,  when  be  died.  An  inquest  was  held  yesterday,  before  the  coron  er,  when  the  above  details  transpired,  and  a  verdict  of  temporary  insanity  was  returned,"
