text
"FARES  including  Fare  by  Railway  }  I  from  Portland  t  o  Montreal  20  Guineas  Second  Cabin..  (Reserved  Berths)  Ditto  -  Steerage  These  Rates  include  Provisions  The  above  Vessels  sail  in  conjunction  with  the  Railway  recently  opened  from  Portland  to  Montreal  ;  and  this  is  the  most  direct  route  to  the  Upper  and  Lower  Cantatas  during  the  close  of  the  navigation  of  the  St.  Lawrence;  and  also  the  cheapest  and  best  route  to  the  Western  States  of  America.  Arrangements  arc  in  progress  for  the  convey  ante  of  Emi Emigrants  grants Emigrants  at  Through  Rates  from  Liverpool  to  their  destination.  Apply,  in  London,  to  ROBERT  CARTER  and  Co.,  11.  Leadenhall-street  ;  in  Glasgow,  to  PATRICK  HENDMISON  and  Co.,  4,  Bothwell-street,  in  Paris  to  P  RITCHARD  and  MON.  NERTON,  36,  Rue  de  Dame  des  Victoires  ;  or  to  M'KEAN,  APLARTY,  and  CO.,  Drury-lane,  Watcr-street.  SALFORD  BOROUGH  ROYAL  MUSEUM  AND  LIBRARY.—The  LIBRARY  nnil  MUSEUM  in  Peel  Park,  having  been  considerably  Altered  and  Enlarged  will  be  RE-OPENED  to  the  Public  on  Saturday  the  Ist  of  October  (Tins  DAY),  at  ten  o'clock  a.m.  The  Library  consists  of  about  12,000  selected  works,  in  all  the  departments  of  literatur(  volumes  of  well-  The  Large  Reading  Room,  recently  added,  will  be  open  daily,  from  ten  o'clock  a.m.  to  nine  p.m.,  except  Sundays.  _  The  Museum  contains  specimens  in  natural  history  and  geology,  and  also  numerous  works  of  art  and  science,  and  is  open  daily  from  ten  a.m.,  till  dusk,  except  Sundays  and  Fridays.—By  order  of  the  Committee.  E.  R.  LANGWORTHY,  Chairman.  Peel  Park,  Salford,  27th  September,  1853.  SERVANTS  WANTING  SITUATIONS  PERSONS  WANTING  SERVANTS,  should  Advertise  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  CHARGE  SIXPE  N  C  E.  Published  every  morning,  at  19,  South  John-street,  Liverpool,  and  9,  Princess-street,  Manchester.  TO  CORRESPONDENTS  No  notice  can  be  taken  of  anonymous  communication  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  wt  publication,  but  as  a  guarrantee  of  his  good  faith  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  WILL3IEII  i  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  ;  not  necessarily  for  SATURDAY,  OCTOBER  1,  1853,  THE  indispensable  luxuries  of  life  are  not  unfre unfrequently,  quently, unfrequently,  in  themselves,  mere  bagatelle.  In  propor proportion  tion proportion  as  a  people  advance  in  civilization  do  their  artificial  wants  increase  ;  the  one  generally  keeping  pace  with  the  other.  In  these  trifles  (if  such  they  can  legitimately  be  called)  consist  not  only  the  elegancies,  but  the  comforts,  and,  probably,  the  happiness  of  existence.  It  is  a  well-known  fact,  (and  many  of  our  readers  must  have  experienced  it),  that  when  summoned,  either  by  business  or  pleasure,  to  other  countries  where  the  refinements  of  social  life  fall  below  our  own,  it  is  not  the  abso-  lute  privations  we  might  there  undergo,  so  much  as  the  absence  of  little  that  would  put  our  patience  to  the  test,  even  beyond  the  power  of  ordi ordinary  nary ordinary  endurance.  Some  one  has  observed  that  the  sum  of  human  enjoyment  consisted  in  trivial  things.  , STYLE=superscript  The  remark  savours  of  profound  wisdom;  and  who whoever  ever whoever  uttered  it  must  have  scanned  society  with  a  keen  and  philosophic  eye.  In  reviewing  the  state  of  society  at  home,  we  find—so  rapidly  has  civilization  advanced—that  the  humblest  grades  of  our  people,  at  this  pre  sent  moment,  are  in  possession  of  physical  comforts  and  intellectual  advantages,  which,  a  few  centuries  ago,  were  denied  to  :the  very  highest  and  most  ex exclusive  clusive exclusive  classes.  .  .  The  greatest  and  most  universal-  blessing  of  our  modern  advancement,  doubtlessly,  consists  in  the  facilities  afforded  for  mental  culture,  and  the  oppor opportunities  tunities opportunities  of  knowledge  which  are  placed  within  the  reach  of  all.  Before  the  discovery  of  the  Printing  Press  knowledge  wits  inaccessible.  True,  the  Na National  tional National  Archives  possessed  some  manuscripts  which  were  sometimes  copied  at  infinite  labour  and  im-  mense  expense.  Education  in  these  days  was  un unknown.  known. unknown.  No  one  even  thought  of  learning  to  read  or  write  save  for  professional  purposes,  and  then  great  proficiency  was  not  sought  after.  In  pursuit  of  the  higher  branches  of  education  the  student  had  often  to  travel  long  and  suffer  much  ;  bringing  home,  perhaps,  little  for  his  pains.  But  since  the  introduction  of  printing,  and  the  exten extensive  sive extensive  diffusion  of  knowledge  consequent  thereupon,  a  new  and  brilliant  era  has  opened  on  the  world.  In  this  age  we  have  both  books  and  newspapers  to  intruct  and  amuse  us  ;  and  the  latter  . STYLE=superscript  —  familiar  to  our  homes  as  words  grown  —have  become  not  the  least  indispensable  or  agreeable  of  our  modern  luxuries  Most  things  admit  of  comparative  degrees;  and  newspapers  among  the  rest.  Now,  if  it  be  good  to  have  a  weekly  newspaper,  it  must  be  better  to  have  one  twice  a  week,  and  best  of  all  to  have  a  DAILY  one  !  Ask  the  London  nobleman,  merchant,  tradesman,  or,  indeed,  artizan,  what  'enjoyment  he  would  resign  sooner  than  relinquish  that  afforded  by  the  perusal  of  the  morning  papers?  We  know  the  answer  that  would  be  given  to  such  an  enquiry.  For  ourselves;  we  can  say  that  the  appearance  of  a  morning  paper  on  our  ow:n  breakfast-table,  not  only  affords  us  considerable  gratification,  but  like-  wise  inereas  is  no  small  de  est  of  our  appetite  for  more  substantial  food.  Until  the  NORTHERN  TIMES  was  established,  the  people  of  the  North  had  no  .opportunity  of  obtain obtaining  ing obtaining  either  the  pleasure  or  information  derivable  from  such  a  sour(  As  this  mpediment  no  longer  exists,  we  feel  assured  that  the  advantages  offered,  will  be  readily  and  eagerly  sought  after  ;  and  the  those  for  wh  LORD  PALIfiRSTON  highest  reputation  of  bold  and  comprehen  t  it  is  intended  any  living  diplomatist.  Hi  hey  has  changed  the  character  and  given  a  ra  wal  tone  to  the  current  history  of  Europe.  But  like  every  author  - STYLE=superscript  of  great  and  good  works,  he  has  had  to  contend  with  a  frigid  and  a  thankless  ?WO.  His  - STYLE=superscript  views  on  the  extension  of  Constitutional  MonareliY,  formed:  the  ground  of  Tory,  Congers-kid  - STYLE=superscript  to,  and  even  Radical.  opposition.  Nor  has  his  potiey  escaped  the  severest  itniinad itniinadi'ersion  i'ersion itniinadi'ersion  in  the  Cabinet  of  iviiieh  he  was  the  most  eonspieuouS  otnalnent.  Raised  to  power  by  one  of  those  political  whirl whirlwinds  winds whirlwinds  which  leaves  no  time  for  thought,  he  was  called  on  to  rescue  some  of  the  olde§t,Continental  monarchies  from  anarchy  and  rebellion:  Here  was  no  room  for  experimentaliing,  or  mei'ely  trying  his  skill  in  the  great  work  ,9f,  ,Constitutional  Reform.  Immediate  and  deteiniined  action  was  needed.  ilis  attention  Was  first  called  to  the  flames  of  discord  which  were  then  raging  in  France,  as  well  as  in  all  the  other  states  of  Europe,  struggling.  for  Constitutional  Govern Government.  ment. Government.  On,  and  previous  to  the  then  ever  memo memorable  rable memorable  1830,  we  beheld  his  policy  developing  itself,  and  our  'Minister's  views  and  opinions  flintily  es established  tablished established  as  law,  and  that,  too,  in  countries  where  civil  institutions  had  given  place  to  licentious  conventionalities.  European  reform  had,  lidWever,  been  previously  attempted  by  CANl4n  , STYLE=superscript  ia,  Whose  first  essay  ended  in  the  disastethit  tattle  of  Navarino,  by  which  Constiz  tutional  Monarchy  was  established  in  iaivece,  but  not  before  the  deStrnetinn  of  the  Turkish  fleet,  which  the  SULTAN  so  much  requires  at  this  moment  to  protect  his  territory  from  Russian  aggression.  This  co3tly  success  of  our  policy  in  Greece,  WaS  followed  by  Civil  War  in  Poland,  and  Revolution  In  Prance:  The  caiduct  of  the  Constitutionalists  of  - STYLE=superscript  Europe,  was  not  less  mean,  weak,  and  wicked,  towards  unhappy  POland,  than  it  was  towards  Hungary,  at  a  more  recent  period.  In  France,  Constitutional  Reforms  were  aided  by  the  full  force  of  our  moral  power,  as  well  as  considerable  political  intrigue.  The  result  was  complete  success  and  the  elevation  of  I.oljlB  PHILLIPE  to  the  throne  of.  Frtnte.  _Almost  simul simultaneously  taneously simultaneously  With  these  events  Belgium  and  Portugal  declared  in  favour;of  similar  reforms.  In  Bel Belgium,  gium, Belgium,  by  the  union  of  French  force  and  British  intrigue,  another  constitutional  monarchy  was  established  ;  while  in  Portugal,  and  subsequently  in  Spain,  French  and  British  intrigue,  backed  by  a  semi-piratical  force,  after  a  protracted  contest,  gave  to  Portugal  and  Spain  the  constitutional  governments  they  now  possess,  Thus  we  find  Lord  PALMERSTON  sowing  the  seeds  of  political  independence  and  social  ame  -  lioration  broad-cast  over  the  face  of  Europe.  If  his  efforts  in  Poland,  in  Hungary,  America,  and  Africa,  had  been  equally  successful,  his  fame  would  indeed  stand  far  above  our  humble  powers  of  des description.  cription. description.  Consistent  as  a  constitutionalist  ;  he  was  timid  in  the  face  of  republicanism,  and  shrank  from  the  dismemberment  of  empires,  which  forms  the  basis  of  the  great  monarchal  system  of  Europe.  He  does  not  now,  however,  forget  to  tell  us,  in  a  tone  bordering  on  humiliation,  of  the  countries  in  which  his  policy  has  failed,  and  those  in  which  he  still  hopes  to  see  them  rise  triumphant.  In  his  red  in  GI  ,sgow,  he  says  As  the  Loi•J  Piovost  has  _n  pleased  to  say,  my  anxious  desire  was,  while  the  charge  of  Our  foreign  relations  was  committed  to  my  hands,  in  the  first  place  to  maintain  unim unimpaired  paired unimpaired  the  interests,  and  untarnished  the  honour  and  the  dignity  of  the  country.  Rut  yet  beyond  these  interests  and  that  honour  there  were  certainly  two  objects  which  I  held  constantly  in  view,  and  which  to  a  great  degree  the  Govern Government  ment Government  of  which  I  was  a  member  succeeded  in  accomplishing.  The  one  was  to  encourage  the  diffusion  of  constitutional  principles—of  constitutional  government—  through  the  coun countries  tries countries  of  Europe.  The  Lord  Provost  has  just  said  that  our  efforts  succeeded  in  establishing  that  which  I  hold  to  be  the  best  possible  system  of  government—l  mean  constitutional  monarchy  ;  that  that  was  established  in  Belgium,  and  that  these  principles  of  Government  were  established  in  Portu  g  al  and  Spain  ;  and  we  may  look  now  with  satisfaction  at  the  map  of  Europe,  and  we  may  see  that  there  are,  I  speak  not  of  those  small  unfortunate  states  of  Middle  and  Southern  Italy  putting  them  out  of  the  question,  among  the  states  of  Europe—but  Austria  and  Russia,  none  in  which,  in  some  form  or  other,  representative  and  constitutional  government  does  not  exist.  I  know  well  that  I  may  be  told  that  in  many  of  these  coun countries  tries countries  it  has  for  the  moment  been  reduced  to  a  mere  form,  but,  depend  upon  it,  forms  are  invaluable.  So  long  as  good  forms  of  government  are  maintained,  no  man  need  despair  that  the  time  may  not  come  when,  even  without  violence  and  without  revolutions,  these  forms  may  become  real  sub substances  stances substances  (loud  cheers).  The  next  object—l  won't  say  the  next,  because  it  was  the  first  object—vras  the  abolition  and  suppression  of  that  detestable  crime,  the  slave  trade  (cheers).  This  was  a  difficult  task.  There  were  many  re resisting  sisting resisting  influences.  These  influences  haVe  been,  I  trust,  al almost  most almost  entirely  Lord  PALMERSTON  had  glanced  at  mye  of  the  most  eventful  epochs  in  the  history  of  the  world,  and  he  may  . STYLE=superscript  do  so  with  honour  and  credit  to  himself.  His  reasoning  is  important  and  encouraging.  Good  overnment  are  indeed  invaluable  system  of  government  he  espoused  he  has  never  for  . STYLE=superscript  a  moment  forsaken  or  endangered;  and  while  he  has  trodden  mountains  of  foreign  State  corrup corruption  tion corruption  under  foot,  he  has  never  embroiled  his  country  in  war.  For  the  last  four  years,  however,  Lord  s  zeal  in  the  cause  of  Constitutional  freedom  has  been  seriously  retarded.  forms  of  PALM  E  RSTO  The  political  movements  on  the  Continent,  in  1818,  were  of  too  democratic  a  character  to  secure  the  sympathy  or  support  of  so  consistent  a  states statesman.  man. statesman.  With  respect  to  Poland  and  Hungary,  they  must,  from  the  nature  of  the  struggle  in  which  they  were  engaged,  and  their  opposition  to  the  worst  and  most  despotic  forms  of  monarchical  government,  have  commanded  Lord  PALMERSTON'S  deepest  con  sideration  and  wannest  solicitude.  Still  the  results  which  musthave  followed  their  success  were  so  vast,  and  not  sufficiently  comprehensible,-  —as  to  justify  his  employing,  in  their  behalf,  the  means  he  had  previously  used  for  the  furtherance  of  his  own  and  his  colleagues  views  in  other  countries.  The  relief  of  Poland  required  the  employment  of  a  large  military  force,  which  England  could  not  spare,  and  where  that  could  be  granted,  any  other  interference  must  have  prolonged  the  direful  conflict,  with  little  .prospect  or  hope  for  the  un unhappy  happy unhappy  Pole.  In  Hungary,  the  period  of  her  civil  war  was  equally  inopportune.  The  position  of  affairs  in  India  and  in  England  itself,  rendered  it  impossible  for  our  government  to  lend  the.  aid  re required,  quired, required,  notwithstanding  that  the  establishment  of  a  liberal  Constitutional  Monarchy  in  Hungary  would  have  thrown  open  to  our  trade  the  almost  inexhaustible  resources  of  the  Danube  Setting  aside  the  political  predilection  of  our  Cabinet,  and  the  warmth  of  our  national  sympathy,  in  favour  of  the  gallant  and  patriotic  Hungarian  peo people,  ple, people,  the  navigation  of  the  Danube,  and  the  esta establishment  blishment establishment  of  free  ports  on  the  shores  of  the  Adriatic,  would  have  been  a  sufficient  pont  d'appui  to  have  justified  the  expenditure  of  millions  of  British  money,  in  aiding  Hungary  against  the  Tyrant,  who,  jealous  of  her  national  greatness,  and  resources,  ruled  the  people  with  the  iron  hand  of  unrelentless  despotism.  Such  is  the  brief  outline  of  the  age  in  which  Lord  PALMERSTON  has  been  called  on  to  direct  and  foster  our  interests  in  foreign  states..  Should  time  favour  the  further  development  sentinel  of  Constitutional  views,  this  trust"
