text
"ROAD  AND  IMPROVEMENT  COMMITTEE.  On  the  report  of  this  committee  being  read,  Mr.  WILLOUGHBY  wished  to  make  a  few  remarks  as  to  the  mode  which  they  had  lately  INen  adopting  in  sewering  and  macadamising  the  streets.  When  he  had  the  honour  of  being  a  commissioner  before,  they  acted  on  a  very  different  principle  from  what  they  did  now.  The  owners  of  the  property  had  then  to  sewer  and  macadamise  the  streets,  and  even  after  so  doing,  the  commissioners  might  refuse  to  adopt  the  street,  unless  the  number  of  in inhabitants  habitants inhabitants  there  was  sufficient  to  pay  an  annual  rate  to  main maintain  tain maintain  it.  He  mentioned  this  because  according  to  the  present  arrangement,  there  was  already  a  list  of  arrears  owing  to  the  commissioners,  for  streets  and  sewers  made,  to  the  amount  of  £3,000  ;  and  there  was  very  little  probability  of  this  money  being  ever  obtained.  He,  therefore,  thought  that  the  only  sate  principle  they  could  adopt,  was  that  laid  down  by  the  act  of  parliament,  namely,  that  the  streets  should  be  first  made  and  sewered  by  the  owners,  and  that  then  they  should  make  application  to  the  commissioners  to  adopt  them.  lAr.  GOUGH  said  that  the  commissioners  were  at  present  liable  to  the  contractor  in  the  amount  of  £3,000  for  the  making  of  the  Shrewsbury  road.  Mr.llßNimisoN  replied  that  the  contract  was  for  £1,900.  Mr.  GOUGH  :  I  say  it  will  cost  £3,ooo  , STYLE=superscript  before  it  is  finished.  We  have  already  paid  £1,200  out  of  the  late  rate,  and  1  do  think  that  it  is  the  owners  and  not  the  ratepayers  who  should  have  paid.  The  report  was  unanimously  adopted.  The  report  of  the  finance-committee  was  then  read.  It  recommended  that  the  plans  for  the  proposed  new  buildings  be  adopted.  Having  offered  to  lease  the  Monks  Ferry  hotel  and  adjoining  field  for  £4OO  a  year,  Mr.  John  Laird  offered  to  take  the  field  at  eightpence  per  square  yard  on  a  lease  of  25  yeqrs,  from  the  first  of  July,  1854.  The  commissioners  to  be  put  to  no  outlay,  and  at  the  end  of  the  lease,  he  to  be  allowed  to  remove  the  buildings  which  he  might  erect  there.  The  committee  recommended  the  offer  to  be  accepted.  The  report  was  unanimously  adopted."
