text
"FRANU  The  advices  from  Paris  of  Wednesday  evening  says  :—lt  is  considered  extraordinary  that  no  ac  count  has  yet  been  received  of  the  departure  of  the  combined  fleets  from  Besika  for  the  Bosphorus.  It  was  generally  believed  that  they  would  leave  on  the  Bth,  and  we  are  now  at  the  lUth  without  intel intelligence,  ligence, intelligence,  being  nearly  double  the  time  that  would  be  required  if  the  fleets  left  on  the  Bth.  The  Debats  publishes  a  telegraphic  despatch  from  Vienna,  received  on  Tuesday,  and  professing  to  givo  the  reply  made  by  Prince  Gortschakoff  to  the  summons  to  evacuate  the  Principalities  of  the  Danube.  The  correctness  of  this  despath  is,  howovor,  doubted.  Some  more  political  arrests  have  been  made  in  Paris,  but  they  are  few  in  number,  and  without  importance.  Indeed,  in  almost  every  instance,  the  detention  of  the  parties  did  not  exceed  a  few  hours.  The  funds  were  on  Wednesday  even  more  heavy  than  they  were  on  Tuesday,  and  there  has  been  another  slight  decline  in  prices.  The  Rentes  and  Industrial  Shares  are  fortunately  now  in  the  hands  of  persons  few  of  whom  are  compelled  to  make  sacrifices.  But  for  this  the  depression  in  the  money  market  would  be  much  more  considerable.  The  Patrie  of  this  evening  states  that  among  the  recent  arrests  in  Paris  is  that  of  M.  Delescluze,  the  intimate  friend  of  Ledru-Rollin,  who  had  come  over  to  Paris  as  the  delegate  of  Ledru-Rollin  and  the  central  Democratic  committee.  All  his  papers  were  seized,  and  it  appears  that  he  is  still  in  cus custody.  tody. custody.  The  Presse  mentions  a  domiciliary  visit  to  the  lodgings  of  M.  Victor  Maugin,  the  son  of  M.  Maugin,  of  Nantes.  M.  Victor  Maugin  was  not,  however,  arrested.  The  same  journal  says  it  has  received  a  letter  from  Bucharest,  in  which  it  is  stated  that  the  weather  there  is  very  dry  and  fine,  and  that  there  is  nothing  to  prevent  the  crossing  of  the  Danube  by  the  troops  of  Omer  Paella.  Accord According  ing According  to  this  letter,  the  Russians  are  notlin  sufficient  force  to  resist  the  Turks,  if  they  would  advance  at  once.  The  Patrie  declares  in  the  most  positive  manner  that  the  statements  in  the  St.  Petersburg  journals  of  the  success  of  the  Russians  in  the  Caucasus,  are  utterly  unfounded.  The  Paris  correspondent  of  the  Globe  says,  it  has  been  remarked  since  the  Emperor  has  been  at  Compeigne,  that  his  Majesty,  when  driving  out  with  the  Empress,  when  at  the  theatre,  and  on  other  public  occasions,  places  her  on  his  right  hand,  in  place  of  on  the  left,  where  she  generally  sits.  According  to  one  of  the  ancient  usages  of  the  French  monarchy,  it  was  only  when  the  Queen  was  enceinte  that  she  was  placed  on  the  right  hand  of  the  Sovereign.  That  custom  was  restored  by  the  present  Emperor  a  few  months  ago,'  when  the  Empress  Eugenie  was  in  an  interesting  situation;  and  it  is  consequently  concluded  that  her  Ma Majesty  jesty Majesty  is  once  more  in  a  position  to  hold  out  to  Louis  Napoleon  an  expectation  of  an  heir  to  his  throne.  It  is  also  remarked  that  the  Empress,  contrary  to  her  ordinary  habit,  goes  to  the  chase  in  a  carriage,  and  not  on  horseback.  AUSTRIA  The  Vienna  Correspondent  of  the  Morning  .(Thronicle,  writing  on  the  16th  instant,  says  that  ;neat  astonishment  prevails  there  in  regard  to  the  mportant  reduction  in  the  Austrian  army,  which  s  to  be  carried  into  effect  previous  to  the  com commencement  mencement commencement  of  the  military  year,  which  commences  m  the  Ist  of  November.  There  are  not  a  few  says  the  writer,  who  disbelieve  in  the  bona  fide  execution  of  the  measure  ;  and,  taking  all  things  into  consideration,  it  is  not  difficult  to  find  ample  reasons  for  their  incredulity.  I  can,  never nevertheless,  theless, nevertheless,  assure  you,  upon  the  best  authority,  that  the  reduction  will  be  carried  into  effect  as  surely  as  the  Imperial  decree  has  been  issued.  It  may,  then,  without  in  the  least  over-valuing  it,  be  safely  taken  as  an  earnest  that  Austria  will  leave  nothing  undone  to  win  the  confidence  of  the  European  Powers,  and  her  own  people,  with  respect  to  that  strict  neutrality  in  the  Russo-Turco  question  which  has  been  wisely  resolved  With  regard  to  the  Russo-Turkish  question,  the  writer  says,  that  Austria  wishes  to  be  understood  as  never  having  approved  of  the  aggressive  policy  of  Russia  in  the  occupation  of  the  Danubian  Principalities,  but  that  the  con condition  dition condition  of  the  Christian  population  in  Russia  requires  a  better  administration  of  justice  than  at  present,  and  that  this  undoubted  fact,  to  a  great  extent,  justifies  the  demand  of  Russia.  Still,  that  if  the  sword  must  decide  the  quarrel,  though  Austria  will  take  no  part  in  the  war,  she  will  continue  her  mediatory  exertions,  and  even  in  the  face  of  a  war  on  her  frontiers,  will  reduce  her  army  in  proof  of  the  sincerity  of  her  conviction,  and  in  order  that  the  calamity  of  additional  complications  and  dangers  to  the  peace  of  Europe  may  be  avoided.  The  Chronicle's  correspondent  says,  that  the  reduction  of  the  army,  when  carried  out,  will  certainly  cause  a  saving  to  the  country  of  from  20  millions  to  25  millions  of  florins.  But  that  it  must  not  be  thought  that  Austria  is  running  any  great  risk  in  disband disbanding  ing disbanding  60,000  men.  There  are  still  about  300,000  men  under  arms—quite  sufficient  to  meet  present  exigencies  ;  and,  in  cases  of  need,  an  augmentation,  doubling  or  even  trebling  the  present  reduction,  can  be  easily  effected  with  a  few  weeks."
