text
"COUNTY  COURI:-YESTERD.  The:  court  ,  sat  at  ten  o'clock  on  y  es  t  er  d  ay,  and  several  trifling  actions  for  debt  were  disposed  of.  JONES  V  MCKEE.  —This  . STYLE=superscript  was  an  action  brought  by  Messrs.  Jones  and  Co,  woollen  drapers,  of  Lord-stre  e  t,  to  recover  X  9  13s  Id,  the  valu  e  of  goo  d  s  sold  and  delivered  to  the  defendant.  An  assistant  in  the  employment  of  the  plaintiffs,  appeared  to  prove  the  debt.—Court:  How  d  o  y  ou  know  :  the_  amount  ?-.-Witness':  Froin  the  books.--Court  :  Have  . STYLE=superscript  you  the  books  here  ?—Witnesi  :  No.—Court.:  I  can cannot  not cannot  allow  you  to  speak  from  the  books  unless  the  books  are  produced  here.  Did  you  deliver  the  goods  ?—Witness  :  No,  the  porter  did.—Court  :  Is  the  porter  here  ?—Witness:  He  is  not.—Court  :  This  is  really  a  thing  which  ought  not  to  be  allowed;  persons  coinin  g  her  e  an  d  bringing  an  action  with without  out without  bein  g  prepared  with  thei  r  p  roo  f  s  .  P  oor  peop  l  e  may  b  e  excused,  and  ignorant  people,  but  there  is  not  that  excuse  for  sending  you  hero  to-day  with  a  piece  of  paper,  which  you  are  not  allowed  by  law  to  use,  upon  which  you  have  put  down  something  that  you  know  nothing  about.  Persons  who  do  these  things  should  pay  th  e  cos  t  o  f  their  folly.  The  amount  of  time  which:  is  .thus  unnecessarily  occupied  pre prevents  vents prevents  a  ,neat  deal  of  important  mercantile  business  .  being  attended  to,  which  ought  to  be  attended  to,  and  obliges  me  to  put  off  a  great  .number  of  people  who  hav  e  th  e  i  r  cases  •  prepared.  You  take  out  a  suirmAins.against  a  man  for  goods  sold  and  delivered,  and  you  must  prove  the  delivery.  Bring  your  proofs  here  at  some  period  of  the  day.  The  case  then  stood  over  until  about  three  o'clock,  when  evidence  of  the  delivery  of  the  goods,  and  the  amount  was  produced,  and  the  Court  gave  a  verdict  for  the  amount  claimed,  less  is  4d,  which  was  not  proved.  _  _  _  LANGAR  v  bEANE.—Mr.  Hughes  appeared  for  the  plain plaintiff.  tiff. plaintiff.  Mrs.  Langar,  who  claimed  £1  18s  7d  from  defendant,  for.dainage  done  to  a  window  in  her  shop,  hy  a  cart  belong belonging  ing belonging  to  him.  Mr.  Hime  appeared  for  the  defendant.  Police  Officer,  Joseph,  Edmundson,  *-  deposed,  that  on  the  4th  of  August  last,  he  was  on  duty  at  the  Waterloo-road,  and  at  the.  south-west  gate  of  the  Clarence-dock,  he  saw  a  cart  be belonging  longing belonging  to  the  defendant,  the  wheel  of  which  caught  against  the  pillar  of  the  gate,  and  the  driver  backing  the  horse  carelessly  across  the  road,  dashed  .the  back  of  the  cart  against  the  window  of  Mrs.  Langar's  shop,  the  frame  of  which  was  completely,  driven  in.  The  witness  deposed  that  in  his  opinion  the  damage  done  was  wholly  owing  to  the  negli negligence  gence negligence  of  the  driver,  who  might,  if  he  had  been  careful,  have  backed  the  cart  up  a  street  at  the  corner  of  which  the  house  stood,  and  thus  have  avoided  doing  any  injury.  On  thepart  'of  the  defence,  it  was  alleged,  that  defendant  had  sent  a  man  to  repair  the  injury,  but  that  Mrs.  Langar  sent  him  away.  It  appeared,  however,  that  the  defendant  only  meant  to  have  patched  the  old  frame,  instead.  of  getting  in  a  new  one  .  Evidence  was  given  by  the  plaintiff  to  show  that  the  amount  of  her  claim  was  reasonable,  that  the  work.had  been  done,  and  was  necessary.  The  Court  gave  a  verdict  for  the  full  amount  claimed..  •  ACCIDENTAL  DEATH.—On  Saturday,  John  Brozier,  master  cooper,  Kent-square,  whilst  going  up  the  stairs  in  his  house,  slipt  his  foot  and  fell  backward,  fracturing  three  ribs.  He  died  of  this  injury  on  Monday.  DEATH  FROM  BURNING.—On  the  2nd  inst.,  a  little  girl  named  Elizabeth  Kelly,  living  at  James's  Place,  Worrich-street,  was  left  by  her  mother  in  the  care  of  a  blind  lad  whom  she  had  at  nurse  with  her.  During  her  absence  she  heard  screams,  and,  on  retiring  found  the  child  was  very  much  burnt,  of  which  injury  it  died  on  Tuesday  -in  the  Southern  Hospital.  Six  casks  of  pickled  pork,  and  six  of  beef,  sup supposed  posed supposed  to  have  been  stolen  from.  the  docks,  were  yesterday  discovered  by  the  police  in  a  coal  yard  in  -Back  Beau-street.  Four  parties  are  in  custody  charged  with  the  robbery.  •  ATTEMPT  AT  SUlClDE.—Yesterday  about  One  o'clock,  a  respectably-dressed  young  man  threw  himself  into  the  basin  from  George's  pier-head,  and  was  nearly  drowned  before  being  rescued.  Two  Men  put  off  in  a  boat  from  the  stage,  and  succeeded  in  catching  the  unfo  r  t  una  t  e  i  n  di  v  id  ua  l,  but  he  made  great  resistance,  and  swore  he  would  destroy  himself.  He  was,  however,  prevented,  and  •  taken  to  the  station  at  the  Prince's  dock-&amp;•ate,  and  given  in  charge  to  the  police.  He  refused  at  the  time  to  tell  his  name.  He  was  tipsy,  and  was  apparently  labouring  under  delirium  tremens.  The  police  took  charge  of  him  for  the  present.  •  •  THEATRE  RorAL.---Last  night,  Mr.  Baker  took  his  benefit,  and  an  exceedingly  crowded  house  fully  testified  the  favour  in  which  this  now  veteran  and  justly  popular  actor  stands  with  the  public  of  Liverpool.  The  play  selected  for  the  occasion  was  the  favourite•  comedy  of  the  Game  of  and  in  witnessing  the  acting  of  Mr.  Charles  Mathews,  who  performed  the  part  of  Mr.  Afable  Hawk,  one  had  very  little  difficulty  in  detecting  the  charm  which  obtained  for  this  comedy  so  pre-eminent  a  success  on  the  London  boarils.  Mr.  Baker  sustained  the  part  of  Earthworm,  and  his  pourtrayal  of  the  character  of  the  old  miser,  whose  cupidity  makes  him  more  than  once  the  victim  of  the  cajolery  of  the  arch-speculator  Hawk,  was  frequently  applauded.  Miss  F.  Baker  played  the  part  of  Julia  Hawk,  in  her  wonted  manner,  and  was  also  deservedly  applauded.  The  other  characters  in  the  piece  w  ere  like likewise  wise likewise  well  sustained.  The  .farce  of  Little  concluded  the  performances.  This  piece  has  been  written  by  Mr.  C:  Mathews,  but  we  confess  that,  in  our  opinion,  its  success  is  solely  owing  to  th  e  fi  n  i  s  h  e  d  ac  ti  ng  o  f  i  ts  author.  THE  RIGHTS  OF  `MIEN.-A  day  or  two  ago,  the  magistrate  at  the  Lambeth  police  office,  (the  Hon.  Mr.  Norton's  Court)  received  a  letter  from  a  lady,  suggesting  an  alteration  in  the  law  of  husb  an  d  and  wife,  which  would  seem,  to  be  a  subject  well  worthy  of  consideratipn.  The  writer  laments  that,  under  the  present  law  of  England,  a  woman,  who  is  separated  from  her  husband,  ,is  unable  to  exercise  any  trade  independently  of  her,  husband,  so  as  to  secure  to  herself  the  profits.  The  husband  may,  at  any  time,  upon  finding  his  wife  in  a  prosperous  way,  of  business,  pounce  upon  her,  appropriate  her  savings,  and  overthrow  ll  her  meritorious  endeavours  to  maintain  herself  and  her  family.  This  is  an  injustice  in  our  law,  and  an  alteration  would  tend  to  remedy  the  hardships  suffered  by  married"
