text
"NORTHERN  TIMES.-LIVERPOOL,  WEDNESDAY,  JANUARY  23,  1856.  movement  as  well  as  a  clerical  movement  ;  and  ono  reason  why  I  shall  not  detain  the  meeting  by  a  speech  to-day  is,  that  I  know  there  are  laymen  here  who  will  stand  forward  upon  this  subject,  in  support  of  so  great  and  noble  a  cause.  (Cheer..)  It  is  a  consecration  of  St.  George's-hall  to-day  to  meet  to together  gether together  here,  Christians  of  all  denominations,  who  hold  the  truth  as  it  is  in  Jesus—(emers)—combining  together,  as  one  man,  to  resist  to  the  very  utmost,  by  every  lawful  means,  the  doing  away  of  our  Sabbath  protec protection  tion protection  laws.  We  (.1,3  not  want  to  compel  people  to  keep  the  Sabbath.  All  that  we  want  is  the  continuation  of  those  blessed  laws  which  have  protected  the  observance  of  the  Sabbath  tLroughout  this  sacred  land.  (:Tear,  hear,  and  cheei  , STYLE=superscript  .)  And  therefore  I  shall  sit  down,  merely  assuring  this  meeting  that  it  is  fr.,m  my  inmost  soul  I  support  and  second  every  syllable  which  has  been  uttered  to-day  in  moving  this  resolution.  (Cheers.)  _  .  .  .  .  The  resolution  was  then  put  from  the  chlir,  and  carried  unanimously  amid  loud  applause.  The  Rev,  Francis  West  said  he  had  .  great  pleasure  in  moving  the  second  resolution  That  this  meeting  solemnly  believes  that  the  Sabbath  is  essentially  desecrated,  whether  by  its  cpcn  profanation  in  evil  works  on  the  one  band,  or  b  simple  secularisation,  as  a  day  of  mere  amusement,  or  of  wo  , STYLE=superscript  Idly  business,  on  the  other.  It  sees  therefore  with  profound  sorrow  the  licensed  opening  of  public-houses  on  the  Sabbath,  for  the  sale  of  intoxicating  liquor,  to  the  great  and  acknow acknowledged  ledged acknowledged  demoralisation  of  the  people.  And  it  regards  with  the  utmost  apprehension  the  existing,  or  proposed,  provisions  for  their  so•ca'.led  amusement,  whether  by  music  in  the  public  parks,  or  by  opening  museums,  exhibitions,  or  other  like  The  rev.  gentleman  proceeded  to  say  that  he  rejoiced  to  witness  an  assembly  like  that  at  present  gathered  together  for  the  defence  of  the  Christian  Sabbath,  and  to  titter  a  voice  which  should  be  heard  throughout  every  part  of  the  United  Kingdom,  and  which  ho  trusted  would  be  but  the  beginning  of  similar  great  efforts  upon  the  part  of  all  their  large  towns,  and  rural  population,  in  the  defence  and  support  of  the  Christian  Sabbath.  (hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  ll°  heartily  rejoiced  in  the  clear,  and  well-defined,  principle  of  the  first  resolution,  which  had  been  carried  unanimously,  by  so  vast  an  assembly  as,  he  thought,  he  never  before  had  been  per permitted  mitted permitted  to  witness.  (Cheers.)  It  clearly  showed  that,  with  all  the  diversity  of  opinion  which  might  exist  among  moral  and  religious  teachers,  and  various  bodies  of  Christian  professors,  yet  in  the  main,  and  on  the  great  and  fundamental  questions,  they  were  an  united  body  of  Protestant  Christians.  The  whole  of  this  question,  in  its  most  extensive  sense,  as  well  as  in  its  minutest  details,  turned  upon  the  principle  which  had  been  so  ably  enunciated  by  Dr.  M'Neile.  Either  the  Sabbath  was  of  human  origin,  and  the  result  of  human  opinion  and  human  legislation,  or  it  was  strictly  and  imperatively  obligatory,  be because  cause because  of  its  being  divine.  (Rear,  hear.)  There,  then,  must  rest  the  strength  of  their  cause,  that  it  was  a  divine  ordinance.  They  could  not  be  weak  while  they  had  weapons  of  argument  from  a  divine  armoury  ;  and  he  believed  that  they  could  not  but  be  successful,  if  they  carried  out  their  controversy  in  the  spirit  which  had  been  that  morning  suggested  to  them.  The  Sabbath  did  exist,  and  he  would  ask  how  it  came  to  exist  ?  Would  any  one  tell  him  at  what  period  it  was  that  the  men  of  of  all  nations,  or  the  men  of  any  one  nation,  met  together,  and  deliberated,  and  determined  that  they  would  observe  one  day  in  the  seven  as  a  day  of  rest  from  all  labour  ?  The  speaker  traced  out  the  distinction  between  the  Christian  Sabbath,  and  the  Sabbath  of  the  Jews,  and  showed  the  divine  authority  upon  which  our  Sabbath  rests.  He  then  proceeded  to  say  that  it  was  clearly  shown  to  be  absolutely  necessary  upon  physical  grounds  alone,  that  there  should  be  a  day  of  rest  to  all  work working  ing working  men,  a  day  of  rest  to  all  mankind.  This  was  included  in  the  gracious  command  of  Almighty  God  himself.  God  had  nowhere  sanctioned  idleness  or  improvidence,  but  he  had  declared  that  labour  was  to  terminate  with  the  sixth  day,  and  that  the  seventh  was  to  be  the  Sabbath,  the  day  of  rest,  the  day  free  from  all  worldly  occupation  and  toil,  from  all  mental  anxiety  and  care,  from  all  the  deliberations  and  calculations  of  the  senate,  from  ti.e  business  of  the  counting-house  —a  day  of  cessation  for  the  barrister  of  perusing  his  briefs,  anti  of  the  mercantile  man  from  corresponding  and  answering  letters.  And  of  all  who  sought  their  pleasure  or  their  own  pelvate  ends,  not  one  of  them  had  the  sanction  of  the  principle,  or  the  letter  of  the  word  of  Almighty  God,  if  they  followed  any  work  of  labour  whatever  upon  the  Sabbath  day.  As  it  was  neces necessary  sary necessary  that  each  day  should  have  its  Sabbath  by  the  sweet  repose  of  sleep,  nature's  sweet  so  it  was  necessary  that  there  should  be  a  pause  made  after  the  .toils  and  the  obligations  of  the  whole  week,  and  that  the  Sabbath  should  be  kept  sacred  as  a  day  of  rest  and  retire retirement—of  ment—of retirement—of  mental  repose—of  pious  meditation—of  the  indulgence  of  fireside  affections,  and  of  all  the  virtues  which  spring  up  around  the  hearth-stones  of  all  Christian  fa:nilies.  (Rear,  hear.)  That  was  the  true  repose  for  man,  that  his  l.eart  should  find  rest,  and  that  he  should  enjoy  what  God  had  appointed  for  the  recruiting  of  his  tired  nature,  by  one  day  out  of  the  seven  being  free  from  all  worldly  engage engagements.  ments. engagements.  In  the  evidence  which  was  given,  when  Sir  Andrew  Agnew's  committee  sat  upon  the  great  question  of  the  obser observance  vance observance  of  the  Lard's  day,  when  a  much  fairer  investigation  of  the  subject  was  given,  than  that  by  the  late  committee  upon  the  sale  of  beer  act,  in  reference  to  which,  any  one  examining  the  important  report  would  clearly  see,lthat  there  was  not  a  fair  opportunity  for  those  who  could  give  evidence  on  behalf  of  morality,  and  of  the  working  man's  Sabbath  of  rest;  in  the  former  committee's  report  it  would  be  found  declared,  by  a  physician  of  long  practice  and  experience,  that  he  found  it  absolutely  necessary  to  enjoin  upon  all  his  patients,  to  have  an  equivalent  for  the  Sabbath  day,  it  they  did  not  literally  observe  the  Sabbath.  For  instance,,a  minister  should  have  his  Monday  free  from  all  interruption  and  toil,  and  the  great  press  of  business  which  had  frequently  to  be  encountered  by  them.  The  Sabbath  of  the  minister  was  his  working  day,  and  he  rtjoiced  to  work  upon  it.  But  he  had  a  t  to  onc•  d  and  happy  Was  the  ministi  ese  times,  was  able  to  secure  even  half  of  that.  (Cheers.;  take  the  testimony  of  all  medical  rt  en,  and  it  would  hi  fo:ind  that  they  all  declared  this  day  of  rest  as  absolutely  needed  for  the  physical  condition  of  mln.  (Hear,  hear.)  But  it  was  not  merely  a  question  of  physics.  It  was  a  question  for  the  mind,  it  was  a  question  for  the  heart,  it  was  a  question  for  the  soul;  and  well  might  George  Herbert  say,  that  where  there  is  most  of  prayer,  there  is  most  of  The  ques question  tion question  involved  the  most  dangerous  results.  If  once  the  great  houses  of  amusement  were  opened,  such  as  museums  and  natiokial  galleries,  of  course  the  lesser  might  claim  the  s.une  p,ivilege.  Every  town  which  possessed  such  opportunities  for  the  desecration  of  the  Lord's  Day  would  have  open  public  If  these  exhibitions  were  once  allowed,  they  all  knew  what  the  consequences  would  be.  Shops  would  at  once  be  opened  ;  and  they  all  knew  that  if  once  shops  were  opened,  the  next  thing  would  be  that,  after  the  fatigues  and  anxieties  of  worldly  commerce  during  the  morning  of  the  day,  there  should  be  a  liberal  supply  of  amusements  for  the  latter  part  of  the  day.  And  then  the  Sabbath,  which  had  been  the  glorious  distinction  of  this  country,  would  be  at  once  demolished,  and  they  should  have  substituted  for  it  the  French  Sabbath,  which  robbed  every  man  of  the  right  which  God  had  chartered  to  him  in  his  own  moral  law.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers,)  This  was  a  time  when  he  felt  satisfied  they  should  look  for  very  serious  results  from  the  question  which  now  engaged  them.  Former  times  had  witnessed  a  great  controversy,  the  settlement  of  which  might  be  looked  upon  as  a  test  of  the  Protestant  church—the  great  doctrine  of  justification  by  faith  alone  in  the  merits  of  the  Lord  Jesus  Christ.  This  question  struck  at  the  very  root  of  the  entire  system  of  heterodoxy  and  superstition,  since  it  was  it  se  lf  the  very  root  of  the  Christian  doctene  of  all  Christian  morals.  That  question  happily  might  be  considered  now  as  virtually  settled.  They  then  had  another  great  controversy  into  which  they  had  been  drawn—the  doctrine  of  spiritual  regeneration  by  the  power  of  the  Holy  Ghost,  in  which  they  were  opposed  to  all  the  mere  traditions  of  men,  and  all  mere  externalism.  Ile  did  not  need  to  say  that  it  was  by  the  church  of  England,  chiefly,  this  great  question  had  to  be  settled,  and  it  was  in  hands  thoroughly  adequate  to  the  whole  controversy.  and  which  bad  in  point  of  fact  already  carried  the  day.  But  museums  they  were  now  suddenly  called  to  a  new  controversy,  which  struck  at  the  root  of  all  their  Protestant  institutions,  which  affected  the  offices  of  their  Christian  ministry,  which  touched  very  vitally  all  their  Sabbath-school  institutions,  which  concerned  .  the.  very  religious  organization  that  was  now  so  happily  spread  over  the  whole  of  the  land.  This  was  not  a  time  for  men  to  go  to  sleep,  when,  •  already  they  were  informed,  that  there  were  two  organised  societies  deliberately  proposing  to  obtain,  for  the  desecration  of  the  Lord's  day,  and  of  the  whole  sanctity  and  worship  of  the  day,  the  sanction  of  the  legislature.  It  was  without  pre precedent,  cedent, precedent,  that  man  should  openly  avow  the  principles  which  had  been  put  forth  by  one  section  of  their  opponents.  It  was  a  time  to  forget  all  the  paints  whereon  they  differed,  which  were  multitudinous,  and  to  consider  only,on  - STYLE=superscript  the  other  hand,  these  points,  which  wore  few,  bet  simple,  sublime,  and  practical,  on  which  they  all  agreed.  What  was  the  secret  root,  and  the  real  strength,  of  all  the  opposition  to  the  sanctity  of  the  Lord's  day  ?  The  real  mainspring  of  it  was  a  question  of  gain;  and  he  thought  it  was  clear  that  one  of  the  principal  points  was  the  failure  of  the  Crystal  Palace,  as  a  mere  money-making  speculation.  Those  who  got  up  that  scheme  were  anxious  to  cover  their  blunder— blundertheir  their blundertheir  commercial  blunder—by  laying  hold  of  the  glins— glinsthe  the glinsthe  hard-earned  severely  procured  gains—of  the  wo  r  ki  ng  classes,  the  great  misses,  in  order  to  swell  their  dividend.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  There  were  other  interested  persons,  among  those  who  were  the  open  opponents  of  Sabbath  observance.  The  resolution  which  he  was  moving  referred  to  ono  point  which  revealed  a  secret  of  greet  moment  in  the  right  adjustment  of  the  question.  That  Point  was  in  regard  to  the  sale  of  intoxicating  liquors.  (Hear,  hear.)  They  knew  very  well  these  who  were  inte interested  rested interested  in  that  sale,  that  if  they  could  gain  the  sanction  of  the  legislature  to  make  the  Sabbath  a  clay  of  amusement,  it  would  be  easy  to  turn  it  into  a  day  of  the  highest STYLE=superscript  profit  to  themselves.  (Hear,  hear.)  A  day  of  worldly  amusement  to  the  wo  r  ki  ng  man  was  usually  not  only  .  made  an  expen expensive  sive expensive  day,  not  only  the  most  expensive  day  in  the  week,  b  u  t  usually  swallowed  up  a  large  portion  of  the  earnings  of  the  week  ;  and  if  these  earnings  were  to  bo  spent  merely  to  gain  what  was  called  amusement,  they  all  knew  into  whose  deeply  pockets  the  p  ro  fit  s  would  run,  and  w  h  y  parties  could  fi  n  d  reason  s  in  their  ow  n  self  i  shness  for  a  d  voca  ting  a  Sabbath  t  o  be  spent  in  amu  sements.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  advocat  es  o  f  Sabbath  interestedobservance  had  b  y  not  b  e  only  ir  w  to  o  rl  d  ly,  contendga  insand  i  i  with  those  ca  w  ho  were  i  but  they  had  to  oppose  a  legislature  which  was  fearful?)  , STYLE=superscript  indifferent  upon  the  great  question  of  the  Christian  Sabbath.  Tainted,  probably,  originally  iu  their  edu education  cation education  by  the  lax  notions  which  had  been  taught  in  their  Systems  of  moral  and  political  philosophy;  Lnowing  weli  that  the  w  hole  bias  of  hamau  nature  was  against  all  that  was  sanctified  and  pare:  and  look looking  ing looking  to  nothing  to  re,zulate  public  questionsbut  the  voice  of  the  people,  they  were  willing  to  take  shelter  in  their  systems  of  philosophy  and  in  the  supposed  voice  of  the  people.  Dr.  l!PNeile  bad  truly  told  those  around  him  where  their  weak weakness  ness weakness  lay,  and  yet  he  could  not  but  think  that  here  was  a  demonstration  which  ought  to  be  considered  by  all  legislators  as  having  a  voice  of  potency,  for  it  was  a  union  of  strength,  an  exhibition  of  combination  and  of  earnest earnestness,  ness, earnestness,  which  perhaps  had  never  been  exceeded  in  this  town  upon  any  former  occasion.  (Hear,  hear.)  Let  the  legis'a legis'atnre  tnre legis'atnre  then  hear  the  voice  of  the  people.  Lot  the  people  give  ont  a  distinct  enunciation  of  their  determination  to  contend  to  the  last,  by  all  lawful  means,  for  the  preservation  of  what  was  the  chief  glory  of  this  land,  and  the  most  blessed  inheritance  of  their  Christianity.  (Cheers.)  They  had  to  contend  with  the  infidel  spirit  of  the  age,  with  that  im impatience  patience impatience  of  moral  restraint  which  it  required  all  the  efforts  of  legislators,  and  magistrates,  and  police,  and  of  those  who  ,  the  minist  ,nd  to  bri  of  the  gospel,  to  redu  to  ord  Ito  somE  Bnt  they  hail  even  .monk  themselves,  read  those  statements,  and  to  say  what  they  would  find  to  hive  been  the  results  in  Scotland.  Let  him  appeal  to  y  remind  .hem  -that  he  look  his  statistic  3  from  - STYLE=superscript  the  report  of  Mr.  Thomas  - STYLE=superscript  Lenten,  superintendent  of  the  police,'  and  that  they  referred  from  the  beginning  to  the  end  of  the  year,  on  Whit  Sunday  in  each  case.  In  1853,  the  new  act  was  not  i  n  f  orce  ,  b  u  t  i  n  _  Let  them  tak  the  reiult?  1855  it  did  tin  Sunday  hands  of  the  police,  those  two  yea.  In  1853.  - STYLE=superscript  Aiding  on'  Whit  of  drunkards  found  in  the  alone,  were  1,340  ;  in  ers.)  But  that  did  not  show  the  full  adva  from  eight  o'clock  t  them  tat  on  Vie  hat  in  1  that  th(  T  days,  a'er  enabled  them  in  1E  that  t  the  S.  Lem,  why.  t  and  th  the  who:  hoar,)—th  ath  alo  as,  in  of  IVlonday—let  lock,  to  Mond  riguisliod  b  tverstition  of  the  forret  tecioa  of  G  them  t  particu  t  twelve  inion  as  to  t  if  t  ("
