text
".  credit  to,  the.place  where  it  stood;  as  well-as  to  the  town  at  large.  (Hear,  hear.)  -  Let  them,,therefore,.go  the  WWl WWlcil,  cil, WWlcil,  and  say,  the  market  is  in  a  disgraceful  - STYLE=superscript  State,  and  if  vim  don't  do  something  to  reform  it,  ode  need  nerer  apply  for  the  offices  we  hold  to  the  electors  of  Pitt=street  ward  (Cheers  , STYLE=superscript  andlaughter;)  '  -Let  'them,  therefore,  set  their  wits-to  work,  land.  :decide.  upon  some  measure  which  would  produce  the  resuit•they  desired.  '  (Cheeri.)  Mr.  Itruity  addressed  the  meeting  in  afew  - STYLE=superscript  ivords,  incul inculcating  cating inculcating  the  necessity  of  union  and  good  feeling  in  'the  'Ward  now  that  the  election  was  over.  Mr.  MANN  amain  rose  and  said  he  was  Yeminded  by  the  observations  of  the  speakers,  that  he  had  omitted  one  topic  to  which  he  should  .  have  .made  an-  allusion.  He  begged  to  say  that  it  was  not  his  intention  to  look  at  a  voting  paper.  (Hear,  hear)._  He  did  not  want  to  know  how  any  one  voted  in  the  Ward,  and,  now  that  he  was  one  of  their  representatives,  he  wished  to  meet  every  individual'without  any  knowledge  of  whether  he  had  voted  for  him  or  against  him.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  Although  he  should  be  better  pleased  that  they  should  all  think  the  seine  as  he  did,  yet,  upon  an  occasion  of  that  kind,  when  A  man  had  once  been  elected,  it  became  his  duty.  to  look  upon'  every  elector  alike.  (Cheers).  Mr.  Mann  then  concluded  by  moving  that  the  thanks  of  the  meeting  be  given  to  the  Chairman.  Mr,  JEFFREY§  seconded  the  motion,  which  was  -carried  by  acclamation.  •  The  .CIIAIRMAN  returned  thanks,  after  which  the  pro proceedings  ceedings proceedings  terminated.  COUNTY  COURT-  YESTE  R  DAY  •  This  Court  sat  at  10  o'clock  on  yesterday.  Thompson  v.  Hall.—This'was  an  action  brought  by  ,lames  Thompson,  captain'of  a  ves,:el;  to  recover:  from  a  person  named  Hall,  a  butcher.  -  Mr.  GROCOT  -appeared  for  the  plaintiff.  The  defendant  was  not  present,  nor  was  there  any  apPearance  upon  his  behalf.  From  the  evidence  of  the  plaintiff;  it  that  he  had  sold'  a  chronometer  to  the  defendant  for  Defendant  at  first  offered  him  five  £5  notes;.  but  plaintiff,re plaintiff,refused  fused plaintiff,refused  to  take  less  than  £27.  Defendant  said  I'll  give  you  another  £5  note,  and  _you  can  give  me  three  Plaintiff  consented,  and  put  down  the  three  sovereigns,  but  in  the  hurry-of  the  moinent  forgot  td  get  the  £5  note,,  which  he  positively  - STYLE=superscript  deposed  the  defendant  never  gate  him.  When  he  got  to  the  George  Hotel,  Where  he  was  stopping,  he  recol recollected  lected recollected  his  mistake.-  HO  went  to  the  police  office,  and  got  detective  officer  Murphy  to  accompany  him:  They  -  found  defendant  in  a  public-house  near  the  - STYLE=superscript  Custom  House.'  Defen-;  dant  denied  that  he  had  the  money,  and  . STYLE=superscript  alleged  that  he  had  given  it  to  the  plaintiff.  He  was  cross-questioned  by  the  police  officer;  and  asked  what  money  he  had  in  his  pocket,  to  which  he  replied  that  he  did  not  know.  •-  His  HONOR;  I'  de  not  think,  as  there  . STYLE=superscript  is  no  defence,  we  need  go  . STYLE=superscript  into  the  , STYLE=superscript  case.  Sufficient  that  Mr.  Thompson  swears-  positively  that  he  gave  the  change,  thinking,  at  the  time  that  he  had  got,or  was  to  get,  the  £5  which  he  did  not  get.  Could  you  have  mixed  this  up  With  any  other  money?  PLAINTIFF;  No  sir.  -His'  HONOR  :  Or  spent  it  in  'the  meantime?  PLAINTIFF  :  NO.  Mr.  •  GROCOT  said  they  'could  produce  -  the  evidence  of  Mr.  Murphy,'  the  detective  officer.  .  .`  His  HoNeA  :  Well,  I  do  not  think  You  need  go  . STYLE=superscript  into  that,  as-the  action  is  - STYLE=superscript  undefended.  I  shall  giVe  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff.  •  .  DE  - STYLE=superscript  BotrourrvAr.  v.  PAR§ONS.—In  this  ease,  a  young  Frenchman,'named  Ernest  Farrington  de  •Bouglinval,  sought  to  recover  £3,  a'  month's  wages,  'from  Mr.  Parsons,  a,  photo photographic  graphic photographic  artist  of  this  town.  Mr.  Pemberton  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Hime  for  the'  defeddant.  The  action,  was  also  brought  recover  £4,  the  value  of  some  'photo-  graphic  likenesses,  'the  property  of  the  plaimiff,which  he  had  himself  executed  in  Paris,  and  which  were  placed  at  de defendant's  fendant's defendant's  door  as  specimens  (Allis  skill.  -  This  portion  of  the  claim  was,  however,  withdrawn,  as  the  plaintiff  was  under  age,  and  could-  not  recover  '  the  amount  of  any  debt  but  that  for  wages,  except  Under  his  father's  name.  Mr.  Pemberton  _accordingly  proceeded  , STYLE=superscript  with  the  claim  for  wages,  stating  that  he  would  make  the  other  matter  the  subject  of  a  separate  action.  '  The  evidence  of  the  plaintiff  was  to  the  effect  that,  while  he  was  ih  Paris  his  father  entered  into  arrangements  with  the  defendant  that  he  should  be  employed  at'  the  defendant's  establishment.  He  accordingly  came  over  from  Paris,  and  entered  'the'  einployinent  of  defendant  : STYLE=superscript  on  the.  Ist  o  f  April  last,  and  was  engaged  to,  ,take  pictures.  He  con continued  tinued continued  - STYLE=superscript  in  that  employment  up  to  •  the  20th  of  May,  when  the  defendant  told  him  hp  should  leave  ,the  employment,  and  While  he  was  out  that  night  locked  the  doer  against  him  and  would  not  admit  him.  On  the  Ist  of  May  the  defendant  paid  him  one  month's  salary,  £3,  at  15s.  a  week.  Mr.  HIRE  cross-examined  the  plaintiff  with  a  view  to  show  that  he  was  not  competent  for  the  work,  and  that  other  parties  had  to  be  called  in  to  finish  his  pictures.  This  the  plaintiff  positively,  deified,  alleging  that  the  instruments  Mr.  Parsons  harLwere  not  _fit  for  the  work,  or  such  as  he  was  used  to.  His  HONOR  suggested  that  the  case  should  be  referred  to  the  decision,  of  the  French  Consul.  _  _  This  was  agreed`to,  and  after  this  suggestion  the  entiro  claim,  with  the  amount  of  costs  to  be  paid  by  either  party,  was  'left  to  the'  decision,  of  the  French  Consul  in  Liverpool.,  .  •"
