text
"POLICE  COURT  .-  YESTERDAY.  DETECTION  OF  ANOTHER  IMPOSTOR.—  Richlrd  Parkinson,  a  man  about  60  years  of  age,  was  charged  by  detective detective•  • detective•  officer  Kennedy  with  obtaining  money  by  false  pretences,  ;  namely,  by  professing  to  tell  fortunes.  Mr.  Bluck,  solicitor,  appeared  . STYLE=superscript  for  the  defendant.  Mr.  Wybergh,  the  clerk,  informed  the  magistrates  that  the  defendant  was  charged  with  telling  the  fortune  of  a  person,  and  obtaining  from  her  th  e  sum  o  f  s  i  xpence,  f  or  which  offence  he  wasable  to  three  months'  imprisonment.  Detective-officer  Kennedy  said,  last  night,  about  six  '  o'clock,  I  was  in  Horatio  -street  when  I  saiv  the  female,  who  •  told  me  she  had  been  to  have  her  fortune  told.  I  afterwards  went  to  the  house,  and  saw  the  prisoner;  I  told  him  the  charge  I  had  against  him,  when  he  said  he  never  intended  to  tell  fortunes;  hut  when  pe  o  pl  e  came  t  o  hi  m,  an  d  asked  him  question  s  he  gave  them  an  In  the  room  where  I  saw  the  prisoner  I  found  three  books  and  three  glasses.  (The  officer  produced  the  articles).  One  of  the  books  produced  was  the  private  diary  of  the  accused,  in  which  were  many  entries,  some  in  black  and  others  in  rod.  The  following  is  the  form  of  prayer,  supposed  to  be  used  by  the  necromancer,  at  the  time  he  places  one  of  the  glass  globes  in  the  hands  of  the  poor  ignorant  wretches  ;  for  it  may  fairly  be  presumed  that  none  but  the  most  igno ignorant  rant ignorant  and  illiterate  would  attend  and  pay  their  money  to  such  impostors  :  In  the  name  of  the  three  persons  of  the  Trinity,  the  Father,  Son,  and  Holy  Ghost,  I  desire  that  the  mighty  angel  which  rules  this  planatory  orbit,  that  thou  wilt  grant  the  person  who  calls  on  thee  in  these  mighty  names,  Tretrogranimatan,  Elvin,  Eloie,  Zeboth,  Eloim,  Eseberebier,  Adom  Jali,  Jehovah,  Tregrogrammatan,  Sahah  God  Ehei  r  ,  io  one  God  the  Father,  while  they  take  hold  of  this  celestial  ball  of  glass,  to  let  them  see  th  e  f  ace  of  all  suck  thing  s  w  hi  c  h  they  should  think  requisite  and  proper  for  the  knowledge  he  is  seeking  after.  In  the  name  of  the  Father,  &amp;c.  Several  other  articles  were  also  found  which  were  doubt doubtlessly  lessly doubtlessly  employed  in  developing  to  his  poor  dupes  that  which  they  believed,  while  he  was  reaping  a  rich  harvest  out  of  their  pockets.  The  officer,  in  answer  to  Mr.  Bluck  said  :  I  met  the  female  in  the  street.  She  was  talking  to  another  person.  It  was  in  consequence  of  what  she  told  me,  that  I  went  to  the  prisoner's  house.  I  was  in  plain  clothes.  The  woman  told  me  she  had  been  fool  enough  to  go  and  have  her  fortune  told,  and  that  he  had  charged  her  6d.,  which  she  gave  him.  I  did  not  see  anything  done  in  the  house.  There  were  per persons  sons persons  waiting  in  the  room  when  I  went.  Catherine  Downes,  the  wife  of  Willi  am  Downes,  a  labourer  at  the  docks,  of  St.  M  ar  ti  n  '  s  -  court,  w  h  o  had  a  child  in  her  arms,  said  :  Last  night  I  went  to  the  prisoner's  house.  I  went  because  I  had  heard  the  people  say  that  he  told  fortunes,  and  that  h  e  t  o  ld  a  great  deal  of  truth.  When  I  went  int  o  the  room  he  asked  me  what  'my  name  was,  I  told  him,  and  also  that  I  was  a  married  woman,  and  that  my  husband  worked  at  the  docks.  He  gave  me  one  of  the  glass  balls  to  put  in  my  hand,  and  after  I  had  held  it  there  for  a  short  time  he  held  it  up  to  the  candle,  and  said,  your  husband  intends  to  go  to  foreign  parts,  but  he  cannot  go  at  present.  It  may  be  in  1854  or  1855,  but  he  won't  go  at  He  also  said,  your  husband  do(  s  not  go  much  with  other  women.  He  said  when  my  husband  did  go  to  foreign  parts,  it  would  be  much  better  for  him  to  go  to  Melbourne  than  to  Sydney.  He  told  me  other  things  which  I  do  not  recollect.  The  Magistrate  :  Did  he  charge  you  anything  ?  Witness  :  I  asked  him  what  he  charged  me,  and  he  said  6d.  and  I  paid  him  that  amount.  The  police-officer,  in  answer  to  Mr.  Block,  said  :  The  prisoner  lived  in  a  private  house.  It  is  not  a  register-office  for  servants,  Mrs.  Downes  :  It  is  not  a  register.officr.  Mr.  Bluck  :  I  think  there  is  no  case  against  my  client.  He  gave  the  woman  very  good  advice,  for  which  sixpence  was  not  too  much  to  charge.  He  merely  told  her  that  it  would  be  better  if  her  husband  went  to  Melbourne  than  to  Sydney,  which  from  what  we  see  of  the  amount  of  gold  daily  being  found  there,  was  good  advice.  The  Clerk  :  But  it  is  a  penal  offence.  The  Magistrate  :  Did  there  appear  to  be  any  secresy  in  the  matter  ?  Mrs.  Downes  :  No  ;  I  knocked  at  the  door,  and  the  son  said  Come  Th  ere  were  four  or  five  persons  waiting  when  I  went,  and  two  came  in  afterwards.  The  Clerk  (pointing  to  the  book  and  glasses  :)  But  how  do  you  get  over  them  ?  Mr.  Bluck  :  They  are  merely  ornaments.  The  Clerk  :  It  is  against  the  law.  The  Magistrate  :  I  can  see  through  it  ;  I  know  all  about  it.  I  have  had  my  fortune  told.  (Laughter).  Mrs.  Downes  :  After  I  got  in  the  room  he  carefully  shut  the  door.  He  also  told  me  I  should  soon  be  better  off  than  I  am  at  present.  The  Magistrate  thought  the  case  was  clearly  proved,  and  committed  the  prisoner  for  three  months.  It  was  clearly  'extorting  money,  and  such  a  system  ought  to  be  suppressed.  The  prisoner  was  then  conveyed  to  the  bridewell  in  the  custody  of  the  officer.  EMBEZZLEMENT  BY  A  CLERK.—Sanzuel  Gray,  a  clerk  in  the  Electric  Telegraph  Company's  office,  was  charged  with  embezzlin  g  th  e  sum  o  f  three  pounds,  the  property  of  that  office.  It  appeared  that  the  clerk,  a  most  respectable  looking  man,  had  been  entrusted  with  an  order  for  some  goods  at  the  rail railway  way railway  station,  and  three  guineas  to  pay  the  carriage  of  them.  He  returned  the  order  signed,  indicating  that  the  money  had  been  paid,  but  did  not  appear  himself  until  afterwards,  when  he  was  in  a  state  of  intoxication.  The  prisoner  admitted  the  offence  with  which  he  was  charged;  and,  in  order  to  make  further  inquiries,  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  was  remanded  for  a  week.  ONE  OF  THE  SWELL  MOB  IN  TROUBLE.—Benry  Heal  was  charged  with  attempting  to  pick  the  pockets  of  several  ladies,  as  they  were  leaving  the  Theatre  Royal  the  previous  evening.  Detective-officer  Bates,  said  as  the  company  were  leaving  the  Theatre  Royal,  last  night,  he  saw  the  prisoner  attempt attempting  ing attempting  to  pick  the  pockets  of  several  ladies,  one  of  whom  stated  she  felt  him  touch  her  pocket.  The  officer  followed  him  and  took  him  into  custody.  The  prisoner  said,  I  am  the  traveller  for  a  London  house,  and  I  will  make  it  answer  your  purpo  se  Th  e  officer  told  him  he  had  known  him  in  London,  and  in  his  pocket  he  found  a  memorandum  book,  in  which  was  inscribed  the  various  places  he  intended  to  visit.  The  officer  proceeded  to  read  the  times  at  which  the  theatre  was  occupied  by  some  popular  actor,  from  the  book.  The  Magistrate  :  But  he  does  not  say  he  intends  visiting  these  places  for  vicious  purposes.  He  may  have  other  motives.  The  Officer  :  He  does  not  say  so.  The  Magistrate  :  Then  you  have  no,  right  to  prejudge  the  man.  Did  you  see  him  do  anything.  Officer  :  I  knew  him  in  Londou.  Magistrate  :  Did  you  ever  see  him  ,  doing  anything  there  ?  Officdr  :  I  have  seen  him  in  the  company  of  pick pickpockets.  pockets. pickpockets.  Magistrate  :  What  did  you  see  him  doing  last  night  ?  Officer  :  I  saw  him  by  the  side  of  the  ladies,  attempting  to  pick  their  pockets.  The  Magistrate  :  Have  you  any  witnesses.  Officer  :  No.  But  one  lady  said  she  would  be  here.  It  was  her  who  said  she  felt  the  prisoner  at  her  pocket.  The  Prisoner  :  Then  there  is  a  case  at  once  if  your  can  produce  the  lady.  The  case  was  remanded  for  the  female  to  be  produced.  ROBBING  AN  EMPLOYER.  —Edward  Dumphy,  a  smith,  in  the  employ  of  Messrs.  Bathgate  and  Wilson,  was  charged  wth  stealing  2  cwt.  of  copper.  It  appeared  that  the  detective  officer,  whilst  engaged  in  searching  for  the  property,  found  it  at  a  marine  store  dealer's,  named  Cash  in  Water-street.  This  copper  had  been  pur purchased  chased purchased  by  the  store  keeper's  wife,  during  his  a  b  sence  i  n  Ireland,  at  the  rate  of  6d.  per  lb.,  it  being  worth  about  ls.  2d.  It  was  clearly  proved  that  the  prisoaer  had  sold  the  copper,  and  as  he  could  not  give  a  satisfactory  account  of  how  he  became  possessed  of  the  copper,  he  was  committed  for  two  months'  imprisonment,  the  magistrate  considering  the  conduct  of  the  marine.,  store  dealer  very  r  e  p  re  h  ens  ibl  e  in  .purchasing  it.  FELONY.—Sinton  _Lynn,  who  has  been  befui  so  appre apprehended  hended apprehended  with  another  person,  on  a  charge  of  stealing  some  iron  piping,  but  who  were  discharged  because  the  officer  could  not'  appear  at  the  time,  having  been  again  appre apprehended,  hended, apprehended,  was  remanded  until  his  accomplice  was  found.  The  property  stolen  belongs  to  the  'Woods  and  Forests.  ExT.Narvis  ROBBERY  OF  TooLs.—George  Robberds,  a  journeyman  joiner,  was  charged  with  s  t  ea  li  ng  a  l  arge  number  of  joiners'  tools,  the  property  of  various  persons.  The  tools  stolen  consisted  of  almost  every  variety  used  in  the  trade.  It  appeared  that,  in  the  early  part  of  the,  present  month  several  joiners'  shops  were  broken  open  on  the  Saturday  night,  and  from  each  place  a  large  quantity  were  taken  away.  These  tools  live  since  been  traced  into  several  pawn  shops,  where  in  most  instances  they  had  heen  pledged  by  the  prisoner  soon  after  the  robberies  were  effected..  The  charge  being  duly  s'ubstatitiated—the  tools  being  identified—the  prisoner  was  committed  for  trial  on  two  charges,,  the  pawnbrokers  being  ordered  to  give  up  the  tools  to  the  owners,  as  they  had  no  right  to  take  such  things  in  pledge  as  workmen's  tools-  A  w STYLE=superscript  MARINE  STORE  DEALER  UNLICENSED.----Philip  .3.P  Car Carmick,  mick, Carmick,  marine  store  dealer,  Parliament-street,  was  charged  by  an  officer  of  the  detective  force,  with  having  in  his  posession  a  quantity  of  iron,  supposed  to  be  stolen,  and  which  he  had  not  entered  any  account  of  in  his  books,  contrary  to  the  act  of  parliament.  The  officer  spoke  to  finding  the  iron  in  the  cellar,  and  upon  asking  how  it  came  into  the  defendant's  possession,  a  woman  stated  she  had  purchased  it  while  the  defendant  was  in  Ireland.  The  defendant  denied  all  knowledge  of  the  iron  being  in  his  possession.  The  woman  stated  she  could  not  tell  from  whom  she  had  purchased  the  iron.  Mr.  Snow Snowball,  ball, Snowball,  who  appeared  for  the  defence  '  argued  that  the  defen defendant  dant defendant  was  not  liable  for  the  act  s  of  his  servant,  but,  The  magistrates  taking  a  different  view  of  the  matter,  and  censuring  the  store  dealer  for  receiving  such  property,  which  they  must  know  had  not  been  come  honestly  by,  ordered  his  license  to  be  suspended,  and  inflicted  the  mitigated  penalty  of  44  )  5.  and  in  d  e  f  au  lt  o  f  p  a  yment,  two  months'  imprison imprisonment  ment imprisonment  ;  observing  if  there  were  no  receivers  there  could  be  no  EMBEZZLEMENT  BY  A  BUTCHER'S  Boy.—Patrick  Phillips,  was  charged  with  embezzling,  40s.  from  Mr.  Charles  Eley,  of  St.  JOlitn  , STYLE=superscript  rnarket.  On-thd  7th  of  November  last,  the  was  left  in  oharge  of  the  shop,  from  which  he"
