text
"to  tiav  2,  in  - STYLE=superscript  4Jfault,  to  1  CHARGE  OF  ROBBING  A  MASTEI  —Yes  terdt4  Bailey,  an  elderly  man  named  James  BroberY,  was  eon  , STYLE=superscript  mitted  to  take  his  trial  at  the  Sessions  on  a  charge  of  having  stolen  some  cops  and  reeds  from  his  employers,  Sir  Elkonoh  Armitage  and  lows  cotton-spinners  and  manufacturers,  Pendleton.  RE-OPENING  OF  THE  SALFORD  ROYAL  MUSEUM  AND  LIBRARY  THIS  DAY.  TO-DAY  (Saturday)  the  institution,  bearing  the  honorable  title  of  the  Salford  Borotigh  ROyal  Museum  and  Library,  is  to  be  re-opened  to  the  public,  after  the  completion  of  ex extensive  tensive extensive  alterations,  improvements,  and  additions.  It  will,  probably  be  remembered  by  many  of  our  readers,  that  the  Museum  'of  this  popular  institution  has  been  closed  since  the  middle  of  December  last,  in  order  to  effect  some  alterations  in  the  old  building,  and  that  the  Reading  Room  have  been  closed  about  a  month,  in  order  io  facilitate  certain  improve improvements  ments improvements  in  the  Library.  The  contemplated  alterations  and  improvements  have  been  effectually  completed,  and  this  noble  institution  is  now  again  open  to  the  public.  It  is  not  the  old  institution,—any  book-worm  who  was  in  the  habit,  twelve  months  ago,  of  enjoying  the  intellectual  pleasures  afforded  by  its  ample  stores,  would  be  at  a  loss  to  prove  its  identity—it  is  a  new  institution  upon  the  old  foundation,  and,  as  if  favoured  by  the  auspicious  touches  of  the  wand  of  a  fairy,  has,  within  a  very  brief  period,  assum  e  d  g  r  an  d,  gigantic  proportions,  and  is  now,  without  exaggeration,  one  of  the  most  interesting  establishments  of  the  kind  in  this  country  The  re-opening  of  the  institution  has  created  great  interest,  and  we  think  we  cannot  do  better  than  meet  the  public  demand  for  information  on  the  subject,  by  giving  a  few  particulars  respecting  the  alterations  and  improve improvements  ments improvements  winch  have  transformed  the  old  mansion  of  Mr.  Gar•  nett  into  a  great  'depository  of  literature,  science,  art,  natural  history,  and  antiquarian_  lore.  Thcs'institution,  after  having  been  in  existence  about  two  years  and  a  half,  was  found  to  be  quite  inadequate,  both  in  extent  of  accommodation  and  in  intellectual  resourses,  to  the  increasing  requirements  and  demands  of  the  inhabitants,  who  showed  themselves  worthy  of  such  a  boon  by  availing  themselves  to  the  fullest  extent  of  the  great  privileges  af afforded  forded afforded  to  them  by  the  Library,  Museum,  and  Reading  Room.  At  first,  and  as  soon  as  the  great  want  that  was  felt  was  discovered,  the  Parke  and  Museum  Committee  of  the  Town  Council,  entertained  the  idea  of  enlarging  the  building.  That  idea,  however,  was  soon  abandoned  by  the  Committee,  for  it  was  ascertained  upon  careful  enquiry  that  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  the  contracted  character  of  the  b  . STYLE=superscript  uilding,  and  the  limited  dimensions  of  the  rooms,  no  greater  enlargement  of  the  old  mansion  could  be  satisfactorily  effected.  The  com committee  mittee committee  then  took  another  course,  and  followed  the  idea  of  erecting  an  additional  building  at  the  west  end  of  the  original  mansion,  in  the  summer  of  1852.  In  order  to  render  aid  in  the  way  of  meeting  the  expense  which  must  necessarily  be  incurred,  ,by  the  erection  of  the  new  building,  the  Town  Council  of  Salford,  with  a  liberality  which  reflects  upon  them  the  greatest  credit,  voted  the  sum  of  fifteen  hundred  pounds.  In  aid  of  the  carrying  out  of  the  same  object,  Edward  Royle  Langworthy,  Esq.,  an  extensive  manufacturer  in  the  borough,  made  a  donation  of  two  thousand  pounds,  in  addition  to  a  thousand  pounds  which  he  gave  in  support  of  the  original  institution  at  the  time  of  its  establishment,  making  a  total  of  £4,500.  Notices  for  plans  were  duly  advertised,  mid  the  committee  approved  of,  and  adopted  those  sent  in  by  Messrs.  Mangnall  and  Travis,  architects,  Norfolk-street,  Manchester,  who  sent  in  drawings  and  specifications  for  a  building  to  be  three  storeys  in  height,  a  basement  storey,  one  for  the  reading  room,  and  one  for  the  museum.  This  scheme  was  afterwards  added  to,  by  the  adoption  of  additional  plans,  for  a  grand  stair-case,  and  for  an  alteration  of  the  central  portion  of  the  old  building,  with  the  view  of  effecting  an  opening  into  the  additional,  or  new  building.  Contracts  were  speedily  entered  into,  which  included  the  erection  of  the  building,  the  furnishing  of  the  rooms,  and  the  heating  apparatus.  The  estimated  cost  of  effecting  the  alterations,  improvements  and  additions  was  £5OOO.  The  new  building  was  commenced  in  July,  1852,  and  has  gradually  progressed  up  to  the  present  time,  when,  being  completed,  or  nearly  so,  it  will  this  day  be  thrown  open  to  the  public.  The  enlargement  thus  effected,  has  en enabled  abled enabled  the  committee  to  add  an  additional  room  to  the  library,  which  is  now  aecommodious  and  elegant  apartment  of  68  feet  long,  by  24  wide,  and  capable  of  conveniently  holding  16,000  volumes.  At  present,  the  library  consists  of  about  12,000  volumes,  but  to  these,  acccsssions  are  continually  being  made,  by  donors,  in  various  parts  of  the  country.  The  new  reading  room  consists,  internally,  of  an  apartment  75  feet  long,  by  30  feet  wide,  and  16  feet  high.  Above  the  reading  room  is  the  museum,  a  room  of  similar  dimensions,  but  havinr  , STYLE=superscript  a  lofty  vaultedceiling  in  the  centre  of  the  old  building,  which  has  been  completely  gutted  during  the  recent  alterations,  an  upper  and  a  lower  corridor  have  been  made,  each  60  feet  long,  by  18  feet  wide,  leading  to  the  grand  air  -case,  and  about  half  the  length  of  the  new  building.  The  stair-case  consists  of  two  flights  of  steps,  which  from  their  width  and  gigantic  proportions,  give  it  a  noble  and  commanding  appearance,  -On  entering  the  vestibule  of  the  institution,  by  a  flight  of  steps  from  the  Park,  the  visitor  finds  on  his  left,  a  room  containing  specimens  in  geology.  This  room  was  formerly  the  Reading  Room,  and  is  24  feet  square.  The  Library  and  Reading  Room  are  situated  to  the  right,  and  comiktely  occupy  the  north  front,  extending  to  152  feet..  Along  the  lower  corridor  on  both  sides,  are  ranged  casts  of  statues  from  the  antique;  including  a  group  of  the  Laocoon  and  other  splendid  works  of  art.  Proceeding  along  the  corridor  the  visitor  arrives  at  the  grand  staircase  hall,  on  the  right  of  which  he  finds  the  Reading  Room,  which  is  entered  by  panelled  plate  glass  doors.  Opposite  to  the  Readily*  Room,  is  a  door  of  a  similar  character,  which  is  intended  Co  be  the  entrance  to  an  additional  wing,  should  circumstances  call  for  such  increased  accommodation,  in  the  future.  In  the  grand  staircase  hall  is  a  copy  of  the  Nimrod  obelisk,  from  the  British  Museum,  and  a  number  of  busts  placed  upon  pedestals.  On  the  south  side  of  the  staircase  hall  is  a  passage  leading  to  the  Lavatory,  with  every  convenience  for  persons  going  to  the  Reading  Room.  On  the  wall,  close  to  the  entrance  to  the  Reading-room,  are  placed  models  to  scale  of  the  five  orders  of  architecture.  Above  each  door  in  this  ball  isplaced  a  slab  of  theElgin  marbles.  The  monumeiitalplaster  work  in  this  portion  of  the  institution  is  exceedingly  chaste  and  elegant,  and  is  highly  creditable  to  the  contractor,  Mr.  William  Ward,  of  Strangeways.  The  Reading-room  is  a  handsome,  light,  and  airy  apart apartment,  ment, apartment,  having  twelve  windows,  consisting  of  plate  glass,  ten  on  the  north,  and  two  on  the  west  of  the  room.  The  win windows,  dows, windows,  each  of  which  areten  feet  high,  are  what  are  technically  styled  circular-headed.  This  splendid  room  commands  not  only  an  excellent  view  of  the  Peel  Park,  but  a  magnificent  prospect  of  the  surrounding  country  to  the  distance  of  sixteen  miles,  including  Prestwich  village,  with  its  fine  old  church,  the  woods  of  Prestwich  Clough,  the  monument  erected  in  memory  of  the  late  Sir  Robert  Peel,  on  Holcombe-hill,  be beyond  yond beyond  Bury,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  This  elegant  room  is  furnished  with  fifteen  tables,  each  8  feet  long  by  4  feet  wide,  and  forty fortyeight  eight fortyeight  sitting  forms,  or  benches.  Three  of  the  tables  have  placed  upon  them  elevated  stands  for  newspapers.  The  mode  in  which  the  woodwork  of  this  room  has  been  finished  is  somewhat  of  a  novelty,  so  far  as  its  adaptation  to  a  public  room  is  concerned.  The  table  and  scats  are  made  of  pitch  pine,  and  French-polished,  instead  of  being  painted,  as  is  the  usual  practice.  This  gives  the  wood  a  remarkably  neat  and  clean  appearance,  and  renders  it  much  more  suitable  for  the  purposes  of  such  an  institution  as  that  into  which  the  novelty  has  been  introduced.  The  walls  of  the  reading-room  are  hung  with  some  of  the  large  maps  of  Mr.  James  Wyld,  of  London,  by  whom  they  were  presented  to  the  institution.  At  the  cast  end  of  the  room,  in  the  centre,  is  an  arched  recess,  with  three  windows,  and  under  them  a  counter,  which  together  form  a  sort  of  bar  for  the  delivery  of  books.  Upon  the  counter  are  placed  all  kinds  of  conveniences  for  the  visitors  and  readers.  At  the  same  end  of  the  room,  and  a  few  feet  from  the  bar  to  which  we  have  referred,  is  a  plate"
