text
"Portland-place.  'Sir  :  I  beg  to  inform  you  I  lend  various  sums  Of  money  to  gentlemen  holding  government  appointments.  Any  time  I  shall  be  happy  to  oblige  you,  or  any  of  your  friends.  Yon  may  rely  on  secrecy.  A  letter  addressed  to  me  will  meet  with  prompt  attention;  or  I  can  be  seen  personally  any  eve evening  ning evening  after  seven  o'clock.'  His  lordship  said  he  had  no  doubt  of  the  prompt  assist assistance  ance assistance  of  the  Press  under  such  circumstances.  He  was  aware  of  the  truth  of  the  complaint,  and  was  personally  acquainted  with  the  gentleman  who  had  written  it.  He  was  perfectly  aware  that  a  disgraceful  system  was  carried  on,  by  which  great  commercial  plunder  was  set  going,  and  he  would  feel  proud  of  opportunities  to  punish  the  perpetrators.  DESTRUCTIVE  TIRES  AND  MIRACULOUS  ESCAPE  OF  FIVE  PERSONS.  On  Friday  morning  the  inhabitants  of  the  Cambridge Cambridgeroad,  road, Cambridgeroad,  Mile-end,  London,  were  aroused  from  their  slumbers  by  the  spring  of  rattles,  and  a  general  cry  of  It  was  was  then  found  that  a  fire  had  occurred  in  the  premises  belonging  to  Mr.  R.  Davies,  oil  and  colour  man,  situate  at  No.  11,  in  the  before-named  thoroughfare.  The  discovery  was  made  by  police  constable  134,  of  the  K  division,  who  iii  passing  along  his  beat  perceived  smoke  issuing  through  the  apertures  of  the  shop  window-shutters.  He  at  once  knocked  at  the  door,  and  after  some  time  succeeded  in  making  the  inmates,  consisting  of  five  persons,  sensible  of  their  danger.  They  then  made  an  attempt  to  descend  by  the  staircase,  but  the  turpentine  in  the  stores  at  that  moment  became  ignited,  when  the  dense  black  smoke  rose  up  in  such  clouds  as  nearly  to  suffocate  them.  Having  made  for  one  of  the  windows,  they  were  going  to  precipitate  themselves  into  the  street,  when  several  persons  called  on  them  to  remain  until  the  royal  society's  escape,  'which  was  on  its  road,  could  reach  the  premises.  At  that  instant  a  ladder  was  brought  from  the  railway  arch,  and  the  same  having  been  raised  in  front  of  the  building,  the  whole  of  the  five  persons  were  carried  down  without  receiving  any  personal  injury.  On  the  same  afternoon  a  fire  happened  on  the  premises  of  Mr.  Decosta,  waterproof  clothing  manufacturer,  carrying  on  business  at  72,  Sun-street,  Bishopgate.  It  was  caused  it  is  supposed,  from  a  spark  falling  amongst  some  waterproof  goods  in  one  of  the  workshops  on  the  third  floor.  The  en engines  gines engines  of  the  London  brigade  were  soon  in  attendance,  and  the  fire  was  subdued,  but  not  until  the  workshop  and  its  con contents  tents contents  were  very  considerably  damaged  by  fire.  Unfortu Unfortunately  nately Unfortunately  the  sufferer  was  not  insured."
