text
"cannot  admit  the  correctness  of  the  charge  that  the  examination  of  the  meters  have  been  neglected,  as  they  employ  persons  for  this  speCial  duty;  and  in  order  that  they  may  be  perfettly  - STYLE=superscript  competent,  they  are  instructed  at  the  works  of  the  company,  and  not  allowed  to  undertake  the  examination  Of  the  meters  until  they  have  been  reported  to  the  engineer  as  fully  gualified.  Now,  in  order  to  prove  whether  this  is  a  correct  statement  of  the  Gas  Com Company,  pany, Company,  I  shall  first  refer  to  Mr.  King's  own  statement,  made  at  Compton-house,  in  the  presence  of  Mr.  Smith,  a  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  connected  with  that  establishment,  and  /,`  Mr.  King's  deputy.  Mr.  Xing  tat  the  men  the  compan  in  any  way  ned  his  opinion  that  Mr.  Taunton  was  a  perfectly  honourable  man.  He  agreed  to  all  the  teats,  and  all  the  proposals,  and  he  evinced  great  satisfaction  that  they  had  appointed  a  man  evidently  so  well  up  to  the  mark,  entrusted  with  a  business  which  he  understood  so  thoroughly,  and  which  he  performed  seemingly,  as  I  say,  to  Mr.  King's  own  satisfac satisfaction.  tion. satisfaction.  Now,  'With  regard  to  the  inspectors  of  the  meters,  it  seems  to  me  that,  notwithstanding  all  the  engineering  evidence,  they  must  have  neglected  their  duty.  Out  of  forty-four  meters  which  were  tested,  thirty-one  were  found  to  be  fast,  more  or  less,  twelve  were  found  to  be  slow,  more  or  less,  and  only  one  correct  out  of  forty-four—and  that:was  short  of  water.  When  it  was  filled  up  to  the  water  mark,  with  a  proper  quantity,  as  it  ought  to  have  been,  then  it  went  2  5  1 STYLE=superscript  per  cent.  too  fast.  Those  are  results  to  whidh  there  can  be  no  denial,  It  requires  no  engineering  know knowledge  ledge knowledge  to  comprehend  them.  In  one  establishment,  the  errors  ranged  from  91  per  cent,  slow,  up  to  10  per  cent.  fast  ;  that  was  in  the  establishment  of  Mr.  Macfie,  a  Well,  now,  let  us  just  come  to  calculatewhat  the  effect  of  that  which  I  have  stated  may  be  upon  all  the  meters  of  Liverpool.  It  is  stated  by  Mr.  King  in  his  report,  that  there  are  29,000  metes  in  the  town.  Now,  if  it  only  happens  that  there  should  be  one  in  forty-four  correct,  how,  many  would  there  be  right  in  the  whole  of  Liverpool  ?  Out  of  29,000  meters,  but  650  only  would  stand  correct.  With  regard  to  the  overcharges  of  water,  and  undercharges  of  water,  183  were  examined,  and  of  these  seven  were  correct—and  it  must  be  borne  in  mind;  that  a  great  many  of  those  were  discovered  to  have  been  visited  and  regulated  by  the  gas  company's  inspectors,  only  a  day  or  two  previously  to  Mr.  Taunton  visiting  them.  Now,  if  the  inspectors  of  the  meters  employed  by  the  gas  company,  attempt  to  regulate  the  meters,  and  do  not  make  them  right,  either  from  ignorance  or  from  neglect,  „why,  surely,  it  is  but  reasonable  that  some  one  should  be  placed  in  a  position  to  see  that  the  meters  are  made  correct,  and  that  they  are  properly  attended  to.  (Hear,  hear.)  Now,  there  is  a  case  in  Dale-street,  to  which  Mr..  Taunton  drew  my  attention  particu particularly,  larly, particularly,  a  house  at  the  corner  of  Moorfields,  and  if  it  has  not  been  altered  since,  I  should  be  glad  if  any  gentleman  would  see  it  for  themselves,  where  there  is  a  meter  in  which  the  service  pipe  was  placed  directly  across  the  screw,  so  that  it  ewes  impossible  the  fact  could  be  ascertained  whether  the  meter  was  undercharged  or  overcharged;  in  fact  a  test  could  not  be  made  without  cutting  the  pipe.  If,  therefore,  such  things  as  these  are  in  existence,  it  surely  requires  some  one  to  be  appointed  to  superintend  them,  and  to  see  that  they  are  made  correct.  Now,  with  regard  to  the  testing  of  the  meters,  I  distinctly  put  it  to  Mr.  Clegg—after  I  had  heard  that  Mr.  King  was  going  to  make  ,an  objection  to  the  mode--while  he  was  i  n  the  room  giving  his  evidence,  whether  the  mode  of  testing  the  meters  most  proper  to  be  adopted,  was  to  test  them  where  they  stood,  or  whether  they  should  be  cut  off  and  taken  to  the  gas  committee's  apparatus.  Mr.  Clegg  dis distinctly  tinctly distinctly  stated  that  Mr.  King  knew  of  a  better  than  that,  and  he  said  the  most  correct  mode  which  could  be  adopted  was  to  take  the  meter  on  the  spot  where  they  stood.  And  this  is  only  reasonable.  If  a  meter  is  out  of  level  in  one  way  or  another,  or  if  it  is  undercharged  or  overcharged  with  water,  and  that  you  cut  it  off  and  remove  it,  it  will  be  naturally  difficult  to  place  it  again  in  just  th.i  same  level.  Therefore,  as  the  consumer  is  charged  with  what  goes  through  the  meter  as  it  stood,  it  is  only  fair  that  the  meter  should  be  tested  as  it  stood,  in  order  to  come  to  a  clear  and  accurate  return  of  the  results.  With  regard  to  the  question  of  the  quality;  it  is  of  course  .  impossible  for  m  e  t  o  go  into  details,  because  it  is  a  question  of  so  scientific  a  charicier,  that  I  must  leave  it  between  the  two  engineers,  But  I  may  state  here,  that  upon  the  point  of  the  quality,  I  am  sorry  the  gas  company  did  not  treat  that  portion  of  the  report  with  more  consideration,  as  it  appears  to  me  to  be  exceed.  ingly  important  with  reference  to  that  matter.  It  is  stated  in  our  report  that  we  have  some  reasons  for  believing  that  gas  has  been  supplied  of  an  inferior  character  and  qua quality.  lity. quality.  We  referred  to  the  fact  of  the  revenue  having  increased  to  a  large  extent,  while  at  the  saute  time  the  cost  of  the  manufacture  had  been  so  nearly  the  same,  jwhich  we  conceived,  corroborated  the  suspicions  entertained  by  Mr.  Clegg.  Well  then,  sir,  in  their  reply  they  give  us  figures  to  deal  with.  No  w,  what  are  the  results  of  these  figures,  Mr.  Mayor  ?  In  1849  their  rental  was  £91,231.  In  1854,  it  increased  to  £126,112.  Now,  in  1849,  it  was  stated  that  the  number  of  tenants  was  23,486.  The  cost  of  manufacture  per  tenant  was  £1  18s.  The  rental  of  each  tenant  would  amount  to  £3  17s.  6d.  In  1854  we  find  the  cost  of  manufacture  reduced  to  1  16s.  6d.  per  tenant.  We  find  the  tenants  then  paying  £4  7s.  61.  each,  so  that  while  the  cost  in  manufacture:has  reduced,  the  amount  which  each  tenant  paid  has  increased.  Well,  now  between  the  years  1849  and  1851,  there  was  an  increase  in  the  number  of  tenants  from  23,486  to  28,979,  makin  g  6493  increase.  The  increas  e  o  f  revenue  during  the  same  period  was,  according  to  the  figures  I  have  already  quoted,  £34,881.  Now,  it  is  a  most  extraordinary  thing  that  in  1854  the  additional  number  of  tenants  was  paying  £6  7s.  each,  while  in  1849,  the  tenants  were  only  paying  £3  17s.  6d,  Therefore,  I  think  the  committee  have  had  very  good  grounds  for  coming  to  the  conclusion  they  adopted  in  refer reference  ence reference  to  the  quality  of  the  gas.  I  would  ask  Mr.  Alderman  Cooper,  or  any  other  gentleman,  a  director  of  that  company,  why  the  company  did  not  account  for  that  fact.  I  think  they  ought  to  have  paid  particular  attention  to  that  part  of  the  report,  and  to  that  point  in  especial,  and  to  have  satisfactorily  explained  it  in  such  a  way  as  would  be  intelligible  to  the  public,  and  to  the  council.  It  is  only  in  that  way  that  we  can  account  for  the  overcharges  in  bilis.  We  find  iu  almost  every  instance  that  bills  have  increased,  notwithstanding  the  reduction  in  price.  Instead  of  the  numbers  who  were  examined  by  the  committee,  I  believe,  sir,  that  if  the  committee  had  sat  every  day  for  three  or  four  hours,  as  they  did,  up  to  the  present  day,  we  would  have  had  quite  a  sufficient  number  of  consumers  before  us  to  have  kept  us  fully  occupied.  The  excuse  which  the  company  have  made  with  regard  to  the  frost  seems  to  me  to  be  entirely  out  of  all  reason.  Is  it  possible  that  the  frost  continued  up  to  the  30th  of  June  ?  We  all  know  that  in  the  early  part  of  1855  there  was  a  very  hard  frost,  the  same  as  in  1854,  and  therefore  similar  circumstances  would  of  course  apply  to  each.  But  the  bills  up  to  the  30th  of  June,  the  quarters  corresponding  in  each  year,  showed  the  same  results.  Therefore,  to  say  that  the  increase,  was  caused  by  frost  during  the  quarter,  will  not,  of  course,  account  for  the  increase  of  hills  during  that  time.  Another  point  which  the  company  has  referred  to  is  in  reference  to  the  days  in  one  quarter  being  longer  than  in  another.  Bat  tho  committee  have  not  overlooked  this  fact.  Wherever  there  was  a  difference  in  the  number,  or  in  the  lengtheof  the  days,  the  committee  always  accounted  for  it  in  their  calculation,  and  Ido  not  Oleic,  indeed,  there  is  any  point  connected  with  the  question  which  we  did  over overlook,  look, overlook,  nor  that  if  the  witnesses  load  been  examined  by  Mr.  King,  or  by  any  of  the  gas  company's  officers,  they  would  have  had  any  other  questions  put  to  them  but  those  which  were  put  to  the  witnesses  f  or  t  h  e  purpose  of  eliciting  the  ti  nth.  Now,  Mr.  Mayor,  the  company  state  that  the  reduc reductions  tions reductions  in  the  price  of  gas  have  always  been  made  voluntarily.  Let  us  refer  to  the  facts  with  regard  to  that  question.  They  make  this  statement  in  reply  to  our  having  stated  that  all  their  reductions-were  made  in  consequence  of  pressure  froin  without.  They  deny  this,  and  they  give  us  a  list  in  their  reply  of  the  reductions  which  took  place,  and  the  causes  and  consequences.  Well  now  to  begin  with  1844,  the  price  of  gas  in  that  year  was  75.,  in  1841  the  price  was  10s.,  or  Bs.  6d  ,  according  to  the  quantity  consumed.  The  Dale-street  Company  reduced  their  price  to  Bs.  and  7s.  The  Queen-square  Company  did  likewise,  which  had  also  previously  charged  -10s.  This  was  done  in  consequence  of  a  deputation  preesing  on  them  to  do  so,  and  one  of  the  companies  having  done  so,  the  other  compa  n  y  f  oun  d  i  t  necessary,  unless  they  would  lose  their  customers,  to  follow  the  example.  The  Dale  -street  Company  sought  to  intro introduce  duce introduce  a  bill  into  parliament  to  raise  additional  capital,  and  also  to  enable  them  to  distrain  their  tenants  without  the  intervention  of  a  magistrate  •  to  charge  for  th  e  remova  l  o  f  gas  pipes  and  ot  h  er  matters  of  that  kind.  The  consequence  was  that  there  was  an  opposition  to  the  bill,  upon  the  part  of  gas  consumers,  and  I  believe  Mr.  Radley,  who  was  not  at  that  time  a  shareholder,  was  one  of  those  who  most  actively  opposed.  The  result  was  that  a  reduction  was  made  from  73.  to  Gs.  In  1844  and  1845  there  were  two  other  companies  in  the  field,  one,  the  Guardian  Gas  Company,  and  the  other  the  Gaslight  Company.  The  consequence  was,  that,  in  1845,  you  find  immediately  two  reductions,  from  6s  to  6s,  and  down  to  4s  6d.  Well,  then  in  1855,  when  they  made  the  reduction  to  4s,  within  the  borough,  we  find  that  it  was  also  in  consequence,  no  doubt,  of  pr  e  s  sure  f  rom  w  i  thout,  as,  we  steted steted-1.  1.- steted-1. STYLE=superscript  Alderman  Cooper  :  Nothing  of  the  sort.  (Laughter.)  _  Ed;irards,  distinctly  that  sent  to  e  mine  the  meters  did  not  iponthE  —.win  what  effect  the  water  would  have  This  statement  was  made  in  consequenc  being  discovered  in  the  large  overcharge  o  that  eatAblishment  meters  of  and  it  will;  no  doubt,  be  in  the  e  reeollee-  r.  King  sent  for  and  questioned  strict  upon  that  point,  and  Mr.  neover,  he  did  not  wish  them  to  know  sugar  refinery  g  about  it,  1,  it  was  only  haring,  oy  nuance,  Mr.  Taunton  t  from  the  shop'  to  give  details  of  everal  eia-  minatione  of  the  I  dearly  which  ;  he  coniende4-;h;;;I  -  et  and  ignorance  of  th  e  Company  '  s  in inspectors.  spectors. inspectors.  He  ridicule's  the  idea  that  the  'company  have  I  never  clainied  the  exclusive  right  of  supplying  meters,  and  that  there  are  many  persons  who  use  their  own  meters.  •  He  remarks,  what  part  of  the  town  of  Liverpool  this  class  of  consumers  may  reside  I  know  not,  for,  out  of  the  number  I  visited,  I  found  but  one  that  claimed  the  meter  as  his  own,  and  that  was  a  Mr.  Kane,  of  —,  Dale-street,  carver  and  gilder  ;  it  was  a  ten  light'  meter,  and  was  overcharged  with  water  to  the  amount  of  80  cubic  inches.  This  would  be  but  a  small  per  tentage—one  out  of  lOW'  Mr.  Taunton  thus  con concludes  cludes concludes  his  communication  The  editor  of  the  Journal  of  Gas-lighting  (a  paper  that  has  from  the  first  espoused  the  eaase  of  the  Liverpool  Gas  Company),  asked  for  and  obtained  from  the  meter-tester  for  the  district  south  of  London  a  table  of  testings  from  June  to  Sept.  29,  1855,  to  be  published  in  that  paper  on  the  10th  of  December  last,  when  the  editor  in  question  found  that  they  fully  established  the  accuracy  of  the  Liverpool  testings,  then  only  a  garbled  report  a  pp  eare  d  ,  b  ut  wh  i  ch  was  given  entire  in  the  Gaa  and  Water  7imee  of  the  15th  of  that  Mr.  Kitchen,  as  chairman  of  the  gas  committee,  rose  and  said--Mr.  Mayor,  I  rise  to  move  the  confirmation  of  the,  proceedings  of  the  gas  committee,  and  in  doing  so,  I  apprehend  that  this  involves  the  passing  of  the  resolu resolutions  tions resolutions  which  you  have  all  had  submitted  to  you  in  the  cir circular  cular circular  sent  to  you,  and  which  it  will,  therefore,  be  unnecessary  for  me  to  read,  as  you  all  have  them.  in  the  first;  place,  Mr.  Mayor,  I  should  wish  to  tender  my  acknowledgments  to  the  council  for  having  appointed  a  day  for  the  express  purpose  of  discussing  this  question,  and  I  do  trust  that  whatever  may  be  the  result,  it  shall  be  such  as  will  be  generally  satisfactory  to  the  public.  After  all  the  pains  which  the  committee  have  taken  to  arrive  at  the  truth,  I  trust  the  council  will  treat  the  subject  with  that  consideration  which  I  am  confident  the  importance  of  the  subject  deserves.  When  the  report  of  the  gas  committee  was  first  presented  to  the  council,  I  stated  in  detail  a  great  many  points  upon  which  the  committee  had  arrived  with  reference  to  that  report,  and,  therefore,  I  do  not  propose,  upon  the  present  occasion,  to  travel  over:  the  same  ground—l  propose  more  particularly  to  confine  my  observations  to  the  reply  which  has  been  sent  by  the  gas  company.  In  the  first  place,  Mr.  Mayor,  the  gas  company  complain  of  the  circulars  being  sent  round,  for  the  purpose  of  eliciting  complaints  from  the  consumers.  Now,  sir,  in  doing  so,  it  must:  be  recol recollected  lected recollected  that  the  gas  committee  came  to  the  determination  of  sending  about  100  Circulars  to  each  ward,  so  as  to  get  as  fair  a  return  as  possible  Pram  the  consumers.  The  circulars  were  delivered  by  the  police,  and  it  is  not  tru  e  ,  as  •is  stat  e  d  i  n  th  e  gas  company's  reply,  that  they  were  collected  by  the  police.  The  objection  was  made  by  Major  Greig,  that  the  police  had  changed  their  districts,  and  consequently,  as  they  had  no  list  of  the  parties  to  whom  the  circulars  were  delivered,  they  did  not  know  whom  to  call  upon  to  get  the  returns.  But  there  were  other  reasons  why  the  returns  were  not  so  numerous  as  might  have  been  expected.  In  general,  the  lists  of  the  parties  to  whom  circulars  were  sent,  were  made  out  from  the  parliamentary  lists  of  voters.  It  turned  out,  that  many  of  these  parties  were  freemen,  and  not  gas  consumers  at  all.  A  great  many  had  removed,  and  a  number  did  not  get  the  cireulars  delivered  to  them,  until  after  the  time  specified  for  their  return,  and  therefore  no  doubt  these  parties  thought  it  was  too  late  to  return  them.  However,  293  circulars  were  returned.  Now,  M  r  .  M  ayor,  1  shall  have  to  trouble  the  council  with  a  good  deal  of  details,  and  I  hope  if  I  draw  largely  upon  the  indulgence  of  the  council  in  doing  so,  they  will  pardon  me  upon  the  present  occasion,  because  it  is  necessary,  in  order  that  the  council  should  come  to  a  fair  conclusion,  that  all  the  facts  should  be  brought  fairly  before  them,  and  I  intend  to  confine  myself  strictly  to  those  facts  which  are  within  my  own  know knowledge.  ledge. knowledge.  Of  the  298  circulars  returned,  I  find  that  252  were  decidedly  in  favour  of  appointing  a  meter  inspector.  Thcre  were  251  complaints  of  irregularities  of  meters,  so  that  it  seems  to  me  that  out  of  these  returns  a  very  large  majority,  undoubtedly,  is  in  favour  of  a  person,  an  inde independent  pendent independent  person,  being  placed  between  the  company  and  the  censumers,  so  that  the  irregularities  might  be  checked  in  regard  to  meters,  showing  a  desire  upon  the  part  of  the  consumers,  as  I  look  upon  it,  only  to  pay  for  what  they  actually  receive,  neither  more  nor  less.  Then,  Mr.  Mayor,  the  next  thing,  I  think,  upon  which  I  should  remark,  is  with  reference  to  the  meters.  The  gas  company  complain  that  the  mode  of  testing  adopted,  was  not  a  correct  one.  Now,  Mr.  Mayor,  when  Mr.  Taunton  arrived  here,  the  committee  wished  me  to  intro introduce  duce introduce  Mr.  Taunton  to  Mr.  King  for  the  purpose  of  setting  him  at  work  to  test  the  meters.  I  went  with  Mr.  Taun Taunton  ton Taunton  to  Mr.  King.  and  after  a  long  conversation  with  the  latter,  we  went  down  to  where  the  testing  apparatus  was  placed,  and  Mr.  King  went  through  several  experiments,  but  the  meters  did  not  act  correctly,  owing,  as  he  said,  to  their  having  been  just  painted  ;  but  the  following  day  was  fixed,  when  Mr.  Taunton  was  to  take  his  meters  to  the  gas  company,  and  the  meters  went  through  a  most  severe  test—the  most  severe  Mr.  King  could  possibly  put  them  to—and  after  testing,  and  cross-testing,  it  was  ultimately  decided,  and  a  test  agreed  upon.  I  may  here  observe  with  regard  to  the  testing  that  Mr.  King  was  anxious,  in  the  first  instance,  that  Mr.  Taunton's  meters  should  be  tested  by  him  after  he  had  completed  his  testing  of  the  meters.  I  immediately  objected  to  this  course,  and  stated  that  I  considered  the  most  satisfactory  course  would  be  to  agree  upon  the  tests  before  the  commencem-nt.  Mr.  Taunton  agreed  upon  this,  and,  ultimately,  Mr.  King  gave  way,  and  the  first  testing  of  the  meters  which  took  place  was  the  Compton-house.  I  think  there  are  eight  or  ten  meters  there.  The  first  meter  tested  was  a  one  hundred  light  metre.  It  had  been  placed  there  upon  the  26th  of  December,  1854,  so  that  it  had  been  there  only  about  six  months.  The  meter  was  out  of  level,  it  was  overcharged  with  water,  and  the  result  of  the  testing  was,  that  it  was  7t  per  cent  fast.  This  meter,  like  others,  went  through  a  most  severe  testing— testingthe  the testingthe  most  severe  which  Mr.  Edwards,  the  deputy  of  Mr.  King,  could  possibly  suggest.  Several  cross-tests,  and  Mr.  King  himsqf,  when  he  came  down  to  see  it,  asked  questions  of  Mr.  Edwards  whether  such  and  such  different  tests  had  been  tried,  all  of  which,  and  even  more  than  he  suggested,  had  been  tried.  I  believe  the  same  course  was  adopted  in  regard  to  ail  the  meters  visited  by  Mr.  Taunton.  Every  suggestion  which  the  officers  of  the  company  made  he  adopted  in  his  tests,  and,  therefore,  in  my  opinion,  there  was  nothing  left  undone  which  could  be  done  in  order  to  secure  a  complete  and  correct  return  of  the  testing.  Well,  sir,  after  that,  I  think  the  meters  of  the  Town-hall  were  the  next  which  were  visited,  and,  like  the  others  which  had  been  previously  tested,  they  were  all  fast.  I  happened  to  be  down  to  hear  the  result  when  Mr.  King  came.  I  can  confirm  what  Mr.  Taunton  says  in  his  report,  that  Mr.  King  did  say  that  if  the  meters  were  in  his  favour  he  should  say  nothing  about  it,  but  that  if  the  meter  went  against  him  he  should  make  an  objection  to  the  mode  of  testing.  I  immediately  recalled  Mr.  King's  attention  to  the  expression  which  he  had  used,  and  requested  him,  if  he  objected  to  the  mode  of  testing,  that  he  should  immediately  make  the  objection,  and  that  if  he  showed  any  more  proper  way  of  testing,  it  should  be  adopted.  He  said  he  should  make  no  suggestion,  but  that  ho  would  make  an  objection  at  the  proper  time.  Under  these  circumstances,  and  having  an  assurance  from  Mr.  Taunton  that  the  meters  were  correctly  tested,  and  that  there  was  no  other  mode  which  could  possibly  be  adopted  to  secure  a  correct  result,  I  immediately  stated  that  it  seemed  to  me  to  be  the  best  course  to  continue  the  same  mode  of  testing  which  had  already  been  adopted  and  approved  of.  Now,  with  regard  to  the  approval  of  the  mode  of  testing.,  I  waa  particularly  careful,  throughout,  that  everything  should  be  done  in  such  a  way  that  thera  would  be  no  room  left  f.  r  cavil  hereafter;  and  wu.'i  that  view,  and  knowing  that  Mt  Smith;  the  r.  _  Mr.  Kitchen  :  Jnst  so.  so  meth  , STYLE=superscript  11,8  ,  _  ,  „, STYLE=superscript  sent  during  tu  e  tests  there,  and  knowing  also  that  he  took  a  very  stringent  account  of  the  tests,  I  called  upon  him,  and  put  to  him  the  following  questions  in  writing  :  Were  you  present  during  the  testing  of  the  whole  of  the  meters  in  Compton-house,  in  June  last  His  answer  was,  All  of  the  meters  in  Compton-house  were  not  tested.  I  was  present  during  the  trials  of  such  a  s  were  t  este  d  .  Who  tested  on  behaf  of  the  gas  company  He  replies,  Mr.  Edwards  you,  during  the  progress  of  the  testing  of  your  meters  hear  Mr.  Edwards  make  any  observations  in  regard  to  Mr.  Taunton's  test  meter,  or  mode  of  testing  His  reply  is,  Mr.  Edwards  appeared  to  be  perfectly  satisfied  with  the  tests,  and  repeatedly  expressed  to  me  his  satisfaction  at  Mr.  Taunton's  honourable  course  of  Did  Mr.  Edwards  suggest  any  cross-tests,  and  were  they  ?  His  answer  There  were  cross-tests  suggested  and  acted  upon,  but  I  do  not  remember  from  whom  they  Were  you  present  when  Mr.  King  attended  I  Be  so  good  as  to  state  what  he  said  and  did  upon  that  His  reply  is,  King  expressed  his  extreme  surprise  at  the  result  of  the  tests,  also  at  hearing  that  the  meters  were  overcharged  with  water.  Mr.  King  requested  Mr.  Edwards  and  Mr.  Taunton  to  try  some  others  in  the  vicinity.  They  did  so  and  told  me..upon  their  return  that  they  were  also  over overcharged.  charged. overcharged.  Mr.  King  was  desirous  to  prove  that  the  inspectors  thehe  gas  company  could  have  no  motive  in  overcharging  ter  meters.  He  expressed  his  belief  that  the  inspectors  i,gnorant  of  the  effect  of  there  being  too  little  or  too  much  Water  on  the  consumption,  The  inspectors'  books  were  brought  in  to  prove  the  system  adopted,  but  the  books  almost  invariably  shewed  that  the  meters  were  reported  a STYLE=superscript  s  correct,  or  that  water  had  been  added  to  hem.  Taunton  thati\TMorw:  air,  I  may  state  in  regard  to  Mr.  King  repeated  to  me  over  and  over  again,  Mr.  Kitchen:  There  was  another  consumers'  company  in  the  field,  and  they  were  also  pressed,  I  believe,  by  a  deputation  of  consumers.  As  soon  as  ever  they  found  that  a  company  was  again  registered,  down  goes  the  price  again.  leis  now  reduced  to  4s  within  the  parliamentary  boundary,  and  43  6d  in  the  suburbs.  Therefore,  I  say  that  we  are  perfectly  justified  in  making  the  remarks  we  did,  that  all  the  reductions  made  in  the  price  of  gas,  have  been  entirely  in  consequence  of  pressure  from  without.  Now,  in  regard  to  leakages  :  Mr.  Clegg  stated,  in  :his  evidence,  that  there  were  246  million  feet  of  gas  manufactured,  171  millions  con consumed  sumed consumed  in  private  meters,  43  millions  consumed  by  the  lamps,  and  a  loss  of  31  milli  ons  .  A  l  oss  o  f  31  m  illi  ons  upon  171  millions,  is  something  like  31  per  cent.  Now,  Mr.  Clegg  states,  that  he  does  not  take  into  account  the  over  -registration  of  the  meters.  Therefore  if  the  meters,  upon  an  average,  over-register  something  like  five  per  cent,  it  is  perfectly  clear  jthat  we  make  out  a  deficiency  of  twenty  per  cent,  which  Mr.  Clegg  stated,  in  his  evidence  was  the  amount  of  leakage  in  the  Liverpool  distribution.  Then  with  regard  to  the  suburban  districts,  there  can  be  no  doubt  that  the  reply  of  the  gas  company  does  not  meet  the  case  at  all.  There  is  no  analogy  between  the  distribution  of  gas  and  the  distribution  of  water,  and  therefore  I  presume  the  company  must  have  passed  over  that  question,  upon  the  principle  of  least  said  is  the  soonest  It  seems  to  me  also  that  they  have  perfectly  admitted  the  impropriety  of  charging  the  consumers  in  the  townships  and  the  out-townships  the  same  price,  from  the  fact  that  they  reduced  the  price  from  4s  6d  to  4s  in  the  borough,  leaving  the  out-townships  to  pay  43  6d  still.  It  therefore  requires  no  argument  on  my  part  to  show  that  there  was  great  injustice  in  making  an  equal  charge,  for  it  requires  an  jrnmeuse  amount  of  pressure  to  carry  out  the  gas  to  a  great  distance,  and  it  involves  great  loss  by  leakage,  which  arises  in  consequence  of  having  the  consumption  of  - STYLE=superscript  gas  within  the  borough,  subjected  to  a  heavier  pressure,  by  which  means  the  consumers  are  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.-LIVERPOOL,  THURSDAY,  JANUARY  10,  1856.  -  subjected  to  a  higher  charge,  and  find  their  bills  increased  Now„with  regard  to  the  cost  of  rdanagenient  i  The  ctim;  pany  state,:and  express  great  astonishment  at  it,  and  that  the  palpable  variation:in  the  niode  of  Stating  the  accounts,  should  not  have  been  seen  by  us.  Now,  wo  have  no  other  accounts;  we  take  those  which  were  published  by  the  axcountants:  The  company  get  out  in  their  reply;  that  the  accounts  were  differently  made  tip  at  one  time,  to  the  way  a  'opted  subsequently.  To  a  certain  extent  they  are,  but  I  find  no  account  mentioned  by  these  gentlemen,  in  their  report  of  any  reduction  by  bad  debts  upon  the  credit  side,  while  I  find  upon  the  other  side  of  the  account  debits  for  collectors'  salaries,  and  other  salaries  the  same  as  the  account  subsequently.  Therefore,  assuming  their  return  to  be  right,  there  has  been  an  omission  in  not  stat stating  ing stating  it  all.  Itowever,  while  upon  that  siihjedt,  let  its  take  the  figures  as  you  please  and  adopt  them.  We  give  them  dredit  for  1.200/.  additional  for  the  year  •  1848,  making  altogether  their  cost  of  management,  15,3861.  In  1849,  the  first  year  after  the  amalgamation,  the'ambunt  increased  to  17,0151.  In  1850,  17,4761.  In  1851,  15,7801.  In  1852,  15,962/.  In  1853,  .  15,9551.  In  1854  the  last  year  for  whidh  We  Wire  a  return,  17,662/  Now,  sir,  on  look looking  ing looking  further  into  the  accounts,  we  find,  according  to  their  statement,  they  had  put  down  2,0081.  to  the  other  company  for  bad  debts  previous  to  the  amalgamation,  making  alto altogether  gether altogether  4,0221..  for  bad  debts.  Now,  in  1854,  the  year  I  have  just  alluded  to,  the  bad  debts  are  only  1500/  odd,  so  that  they  must  have  increased  the  expensea  of  the  management.  In  1848,  previous  to  the  amalgamation,  the  expenses  of  the  management  were  15,300/.  In  1854,  they  have  mounted  up  to  20,000/.  In  repairs  for  1849  we  find  the  company  have  expended  3,167/.  The  repairs  were  exceedinglyi  mode moderate,  rate, moderate,  and  the  expenses  exceedingly  moderate  after  that  period,  because  the  dividends  did  not  seem  to  have  made  up  the  full  amount,  but  immediately  that  the  dividend  came  up  to  ten  percent.,  the  mark  required,  we  find  the.  expenses  beginning  to  increase  ;  and  up  to  1854,  we  find  that  the  repairs  have  increased  300  per  cent  on  1849.  They  have  got  a  very  large  amount  of  land  on  hand,  which  it  seems  they  had  had  previously  to  the  amalgamation.  This  land,  it  is  stated  by  some  per persons,  sons, persons,  amounts  to  something  like  34,000/.  Whatever  may  be  the  valueof  the  land,  when  it  is  sold—and  it  is  perfectly  clear  that  at  present,  it  is  but  a  mere  nominal  value,  and  it  may  be  many  years  before  it  is  sold  at  a  profit—they  have,  in  retaining  that  land,  something  like  an  expense  of  1,5001  a  year  in  interest,  which  the  consumers  of  gas  have  to  pay,  and  which  I  think  a  perfect  injustice.  Now,  Mr.  Mayor,  I  shall  riot  trouble  the  council  long,  but  shall  just  refer  to  the  bonded  debt  of  the  company.  It  is  per perfectly  fectly perfectly  clear  that  if`  he  company  would  use  their  'borrow 'borrowing  ing 'borrowing  powers,  (as  Mr.  Beloe  observed,)  to  a  larger  extent,  it  would  be  much  more  beneficial  to  the  consumers,  and  why  they  do  not  do  so  I  am  quite  at  a  loss  to  understand,  and  I,  therefore,  consider  that  the  consumers  of  gas  have  great  ground  of  complaint  upon  that  head.  Now,  Mr.  Mayor,  I  do  not  know  that  there  is  any  particular  point  further  which  requires  any  observations  from  me.  But  having  had  occasion  to  address  Mr.  Clegg  in  reference  to  the  losses  upon  leak leakage,  age, leakage,  he  writes  to  me  in  reply,  stating,  in  reference  to  the  report  presented  by  the  gas  committee  to  the  council— 'councill'  think  the  report  of  your  committeee  to  the  council  is  drawn  up  with  much  judgment  and  truth,  and  I  entirely  agree  with  the  remarks  contained  in  Now,  that  report  was  not  submitted  to  Mr.  Clegsr4,  or  any  other  person,  before  it  was  presented  to  the  council,  and  I  was  very  much  pleased  to  hear  that  we  stated  nothing  in  it  but  what  could  bear  the  investigation  and  receive  the  approval  of  such  an  authority  as  Mr.  Clegg.  I  mention  this  to  show  the  council  that  the  report  has  his  entire  approval.  Mr.  Mayor,  I  shall  not  trouble  the  council  any  further,  but  any  explanation  which  may  be  required,  I  shall  be  happy  to  give.  I  shall  now  merely  move  the  confirmation  of  the  proceedings.  Mr.  A.  C.  Stewart  seconded  the  motion,  reserving  to  himself  the  right  of  reply.  The  Mayor:  The  first  of  the  resolutions  placed  before  us  is  one  of  a  very  important  character,  and  Mr.  Kitchen  has  given  no  reason  to  recommend  it  to  our  approval.  He  has  explained  the  report  of  the  committee,  and  the  reply  of  the  company,  but  I  am  not  aware  that  upon  this  impor important  tant important  resolution  one  word  has  been  said,  but  that  all  has  been  left  to  inference.  _  _  Mr.  Kitchen  :  Each  of  the  resolutions  will  be  put  separately.  With  regard  to  the  first  resolution,  it  is  not  a  proposal  that  the  council  should  buy  the  gas  works.  It  is  just  simply  a  proposal  that  the  gas  shareholders  be  placed  in  the  same  position  as  the  dock  bondholders.  We  do  not  say  the  gas  company  would  accept  such  a  proposal,  but  the  adoption  of  these  resolutions  will  empower  us  to  put  ourselves  in  communication  - STYLE=superscript  with  the  company,  and  to  see  whether  any  arrangement  beneficial  to  all  parties  can  be  secured.  The  resolution  commits  the  council  to  nothing,  and  the  arrangement  will  involve  them  in  no  expense,  for  it  would  be  arranged  that  the  inspector  of  meters  should  be  paid  by  fees,  on  the  same  principle  as  in  the  case  of  the  inspector  of  weights  and  measures.  Mr.  Alderman  Cooper  :  What  is  the  security  to  be  given  to  the  bondholders  ?  Mr.  Kitchen:  The  same  security  that  they  have  at  present.  -  Mr.  Robertson  suggested  that  it  would  be  better  to  put  the  resolutions  separately.  He  had  no  objection  to  some  of  them,  but  he  was  opposed  to  all.  After  some  further  conversation,  Mr.  Kitchen  withdrew  his  original  motion,  and  simply  proposed  the  first  resolution.  -  Mr.  Holt  said  he  did  not  understand  the  object  of  the  resolution.  He  wished  to  know  if  it  were  intended  that  the  corporation  should  enter  into  a  co-partnership  with  the  Gas  Company  ?  The  Mayor  :  No.  Mr.  Holt  :  Must  we  have  an  act  of  parliament?  Town  Clerk  :  Certainly.  Mr.  Holt:  But  what  is  the  object  ?  What  is  to  be  gained?.  Is  the  property  to  como  under  the  management  of  this  corporation?  The  Mayor  :  No  ;  It  is  proposed  that  there  shall  be  a  board  of  directors  composed  of  three  members  of  the  council,  three  bondholders,  and  three  persons  appointed  by  the  con3urners.  Mr.  Holt  :  Then  the  security  of  the  bondholders  is  to  rest  on  the  gas  estate,  and  they  are  not  to  be  guaranteed  out  of  the  corporate  estate?  cid:).  bel  Mr.  A.  C.  Stewart  seconded  the  resolution.  He  thought  it  was  very  plain  and  simple.  The  property  would  be  the  same  under  the  new  conditions  as  it  now  was,  but  the  management  of  the  property  would  be  much  more  popu popular.  lar. popular.  They  all  knew  that  the  consumers  of  gas,  according  to  the  company's  own  showing,  had  an  interest  in  the  management  of  the  affairs  of  the  company,  because  the  moment  that  the  dividend  reached  10  per  cent.  the  surplus  money  should  be  in  the  reduction  of  the  price  of  the  gas.  The  committee  thought  that  the  company  as  at  present  con constituted,  stituted, constituted,  or  rather  that  the  managers  of  the  company  had  not  so  much  interest  in  adopting  new  and  scientific  modes  of  manufacture,  and  cutting  down  the  expenditure  in  every  way,  as  a  new  management  on  the  bass  of  the  reso resolution  lution resolution  would  have.  Another  advantage  in  the  plan  pro proposed,  posed, proposed,  would  be  this—that  if  the  resolution  were  carried  out,  they  would  be  relieved  from  any  opposition  by  a  new  company  being  established,  because  the  bondholders,  the  corporation,  and  the  whole  body  of  consumerq,  would  then  have  an  interest  in  its  management  and  prosperity:  It  would  also  do  away  with  the  incessant  tearing  up  and  laying  down  of  the  streets—an  evil  which  would  be  much  increased  by  a  new  company  being  established,  and  the  security  to  the  bondholders  would  ,be  the  same  as  at  present,  without  the  fear  of  opposition;  because,  if  the  interest  could  not  be  paid  with  gas  at  3s  or  4s  the  thousand,  the  price  would  be  raised,  in  order  that  the  interest  on  the  bonds  might  be  paid,  and  the  company  carried  on.  He  thought,  then,  that  the  (proposition  was  very  simple,  but  it  was  another  thing,  whether  the  council  would  adopt  it  or  not.  Mr.  Charles  Turner  :  Will  you  guarantee  the  bond bondholders  holders bondholders  ?  Mr.  Stewart  :  The  bondholders  will  be  guaranteed  on  the  property  of  the  company,  and  if  the  managers  cannot  pay  the  amount  of  interest  settled  on,  they  will  have  to  raise  the_  price  of  gas.  Mr.  C.  Turner  :  But  it  is  not  incumbent  on  them  to  raise  the  price.  Mr.  A.  C.  Stewart  :  Respectable  and  proper  men  will  be  placed  on  the  direction,  and  they  will  raise  the  price  if  it  be  necessary.  Mr.  C.  Turner  :  Then  all  the  danger  is  to  be  risked  by  the  bondholders.  Mr.  Alderman  Parker  observed  that,  if  the  council  went  to  parliament  they  would  find  it  very  difficult  to  get  a  bill  for  the  contemplated  purpose.  He  gave  the  committee  every  credit  for  the  zeal  and  time  they  had  bestowed  on  the  inquiry  ;  but,  before  they  submitted  the  resolution,  they  should  have  considered  the  consequences  of  the  position  which  the  council  took,  on  the  occasion  of  the  amalgamation  in  1846.  He,  at  the  time,  had  been  an  advocate  for  the  Guardian  Gas STYLE=superscript  Company,  because  he  did  not  like  monopolies  or  amalgamations  ;  but  the  corporation  were  parties  to  the  amalgamation—Conies  of  no,  it  was  therefore  carried.  The  arguments  for  that  amalgamation  were,  that  it  would  be  a  l STYLE=superscript  y.ielit  to  the  town,  by  saving  expense  in  a  variety  of  ways  ;  and  if  they  now  went  to  parliament  for  a  new  bill,  they  would  be  met  by  their  own  arguments  of  1816.  He  thought  the  council  had  acted  wrongly  in  the  course  they  took  in  1846,  because,  in  such  a  large  town  as  Liverpool,  he  thought  that  there  should  be  opposition  ;  but,  remembering  the  arguments  of  1846,  he  should  oppose  the  present  resolution.  The  committee,  however,  should  not  run  away  with  the  idea  that  all  the  public  spirit  and  patriotism  in  the  town  was:centered  in  theniselves.  He  would  he  as  ready  as  any  of  them  to  do  what  would  be  for  the  interest  of  the  town  •  but  their  labours  in  this  matter  reminded  him  of  those  of  the  mountain  which  long  groaned,  and  then  gave  birth  to  a  mouse.  (Laughter.)  Mr.  Bradley  observed  that  Mr.  Parker  was  in  error  in  stating  that  the  council  had  been  parties  to  the  amalgama amalgamation  tion amalgamation  in  1846.  At  that  time  various  resolutions  were  come  to  in  the  council,  and  though  there  was  a  disposition  in  the  minds  of  some  to  support  the  amalgamation,  others  were  opposed  to  it.  The  council  eventually  took  up  the  position  of  watching  the  bill,  and  he  believed  their  only  interference  was  the  introducing  of  a  clause  for  the  protection  of  the  Consumers.  Mr.  Alderman  Bennett  said  that  if  any  party  would  be  benefitted  by  the  carrying  out  of  the  resolution  as  proposed  by  the  committee,  that  person  would  be  himself,  because  being  a  manufacturer  of  a  great  number  of  articles  which  cheap  gas  would  be  the  means  of  introducing  to  the  public,  the  cheapness  of  that  article  would  confer  a  greater  advan advantage  tage advantage  upon  him  than  perhaps  any  other  person  in  the  com community.  munity. community.  He  also  would  be  benefitted,  as  an  iron  -founder,  by  the  establishment  of  a  rival  company  ;  so  that  upon  every  ground  of  personal  feeling  he  should  be  in  favour  of  any  scheme  which  would  reduce  the  price  of  gas,  or  which  would  be  brought  before  the  council  for  the  establishment  of  a  rival  company  ;  but  he  should  say,  that  after  a  careful  perusal  of  the  committee's  report,  and  the  reply  of  the  com company,  pany, company,  he  could  not;  like  an  honest  man,  stand  up  to  advo advocate  cate advocate  the  adoption  of  the  resolutions.  The  company  were  tamed  all  through  the  report  with  habitually  doing  that  Which  was  not  honest  towards  the  public.  Now  that,  qualify  it  as  they  would,  or  insinuate  it  as  they  would,  was  a  very  grave  charge  against  a  body  of  directors,  because  they  were  the  only  parties  that  could  be  supposed  to  be  benefitted  by  any  nefarious  computation  in  the  amount  of  the  gas  consumed.  The  company's  servants  would  not  be  benefitted  by  it;  the  company's  workmen  would  not  be  benefitted  by  it;  it  was  only  the  revenue  which  would  be  benefitted,  and  over  that  the  directors  had  the  control.  Who  would  suppose  that  Mr.  S.  H.  Thompson  would  be  a  party  to  give  such  instructions  to  his  servants  as  would  possibly  raise  the  price  of  the  gas?  or  that  Mr.  E.  A.  Lzwrence  would  do  it—  A  Voice:  Who  said  they  did  it  Mr.  Alderman  Bennett  dontinuel  man  Cooper,  or  Mr.  Hardman  grrie,  c  any  of  the  othPr  gentlemen  on  the  dir  guilty  of  such  dishonesty  ?  Again,  there  was  Mr.  ki  the  respected  urinager  of  the  company.  He  v  kv  his  fellow-  Mr,  Fusberry,  or  melon.  would  be  H  ast  valuable  men  for  reference  in  the  town—one  whose  character  stood  as  high  as  that  of  any  gentleman's,  and  whom  to  know  was  t  )  respect.  There  was  not  a  man  who  knew  him,  who  would  suspect  him  of  doing  anything  that  Was  dishonourable,  or  dishonest,  in  the  se  rv  ice  of  the  edasparty  he  represent  e  d.  When  he  Or.  Bennett)  read  the  committee's  report,  he  went  immediately  to  the  office  of  the  company,  and  desired  that  he  might  be  allowed  to  see  the  different  methods  by  which  the  testing  of  the  meters  wa  conducted,  as  that  was  a  matter  constantly  referred  to  in  th  report.  Mr.  King  at  once  consented,  and  they  went  a  every  departmeut  of  the  concern,  and  Mr.  Taunton  e.  Clegg  could  not  have  gone  there  with  a  greater  determi determination  nation determination  of  detecting  anything  that  was  wrong,  than  did  he  (Mr.  Bennett),  but.  much  to  the  credit  of  the  company's  servants,  and  the  quality  of  the  workmanship,  everything  that  he  examined,  showed  the  greatest  excellence  and  accuracy.  He  particularly  examined  the  meters,  and  it  was  shown  to  him  that  there  was  not  any  inherent  defect  in  them,  but  that  they  were  inaccurate  in  the  degree  in  which  too  much,  or  too  little,  water  was  poured  into  them.  He  went  into  the  testing-room,  where  there  was  a  large  number  of  meters  lying  for  .he  purpose  of  being  tested,  and  he  saw  that  while  a  great  many  of  them  were  marked  with  chalk  as  correct,  others  of  them  were  set  aside  as  incorrect,  in  order  that  they  might  be  returned  to  the  manufactory  for  adjustment.  He  tested  the  meters  that  were  marked  as  correct,  and  he  found  that  they  were  so,  and  that  they  were  incorrect  only  in  the  degree  in  which  too  much,  or  too  little  water  was  put  into  them,  or  the  level  disturbed;  and  the  explanation  given  by  Mr.  King  was  so  full,  so  complete,  and  so  satisfactory,  that  he  (Mr.  Bennett)  was  convinced  that  if  the  statement  had  been  made  in  the  Council-room,  even  the  members  of  the  committee  would  be  satisfied  of  the  honesty  of  the  intention,  and  the  purpose,  and  the  way  in  which  the  registration  of  gas  by  meters  was  carried  out  in  the  town  of  Liverpool.  If  a  perm  put  too  much  water  into  the  meter  it  registered  more  gas  than  he  consumed,  while  if  too  little  water  were  put  in  it  would  register  against  the  company  ;  and  he  should  also  tell  them  that  almost  every  error  that  could  arise  in  the  meter  from  de defective  fective defective  construction  was  against  the  manufacturer.  Any  leakage  from  defect  in  the  article,  or  any  wearing  of  the  material,  showed  a  decrease  in  the  quantity  of  gas  consumed  against  the  maker,  and  in  favour  of  the  public.  A  great  deal  had  been  said  about  the  flow  of  inferior  gas  through  the  meter.  Great  stress  was  laid  on  it  in  Mr.  Clegg's  report,  but  so  much  was  the  public  in  the  dark  on  the  subject,  that  several  gentlemen  were  under  the  impression  that  inferior  gas  flowed  with  greater  speed  through  the  meter,  and  that  that  speed  caused  the  meter  to  register  more  than  was-  consumed.  No  idea  could  be  more  pre preposterous.  posterous. preposterous.  The  meter  only  registered  the  quantity  of  gag,  whether  _good  or  bad,  which  was  consumed.  That  was  a  very  important  point,  and  one  in  regard  to  which  the  public  should  be  set  right;  bat  even  if  it  were  true,  the  committee  gave  them  no  figures  to  show  that  the  quality  of  the  gas  was  below  that  which  the  company  were  bound  to  produce.  There  were  statements  certainly  of  a  very  vague  and  unmeaning  character  on  the  subject,  one  gentleman  saying  that  the  quality  of  the  gas  before  the  amalgamation  was  equal  to  twenty-one  candles,  and  after  the  amalgamation  to  eighteen  candles,  but  the  latter  quality  was  what  they  were  bound  to  supply  to  the  public  lights,  and  if  the  gen gentleman  tleman gentleman  admitted  that  gas  of  that  quality  was  given,  then  the  company  fairly  supplied  what  they  were  bound  to  produce.  At  page  four  of  the  report  the  committee  stated  that  they  sent  out  1,600  circulars,  and  only  298  were  returned.  It  was  only  yesterday  that  one  of  those  circulars  had  been  put  into  his  hand,  and  if  there  was  anything  that  could  cause  the  consumers  to  be  dissatisfied  with  things  as  they  at  present  existed,  the  wording  of  the  circular  supplied  it.  The  public  were  asked  so  many  questions,  all  of  them  so  calculated  to  primp  out  charges  of  defects,  that  it  was  astonishing  to  him  how  any  gentleman  could  have  sent  them  out.  The  questions  should  have  been  put  fairly,  and  the  public  simply  asked,  Are  you  satisfied,  or  dissatis 'dissatisfied?'  But,  no;  every  question  was  a  leading  question,  and  was  calculated  to  elicit  an  unfavourable  reply;  but  when  they  remembered  that,  proverbially,  they  were  a  dis dissatisfied  satisfied dissatisfied  nation,  and  that  only  298  out  of  the  1,600  circulars  were  returned,  they  might  take  it  as  the  best  proof  that  could  be  given  by  Englishmen  that  they  were  satisfied  with  the  present  state  of  things.  (Laughter.)  There  was  hardly  space  left  on  the  circular  to  a  gentleman  favourable  to  the  com company  pany company  to  express  his  opinion,  On  the  same  page  the  com committee  mittee committee  set  forth,  that  notwithstanding  the  reduction  in  the  price  of  gas,  the  bills  ta  cently  paid  by  consumers  were  larger  in  amount  than  the  bills  for  the  corresponding  periods  of  previous  years,  the  increase  varying  from  10  to  60  per  cent.,  and  that  no  additional  gas  bad  been  consumed  by  them.  Now  additional  gas  had  been  consumed  by  them,  for  the  meters  registered  it,  but  the  statement  was  evidently  based  on  the  error  that  light  gas  flowed  through  the  meter  with  greater  rapidity  than  heavy  gas.  When  the  meters  did  not  register,  the  managers  did  the  only  thing  which,  as  honest  men,  they  could  do  between  the  consumers  and  manufacturers,  they  charged  according;  to  the  quantity  consumed  in  the  last  quarter;  but  on  all  these  grounds  the  committee  canoe  to  the  conclusion  that  the  present  price  of  gas  was  too  high.  Now  if  they  were  to  suppose  that  the  present  alleged  overcharges  were  to  be  continued,  he  could  understand  that  conclus  , STYLE=superscript  on,  but  if  those  overcharges  fur  registration  were  to  be  checked,  then  that  would  be  a  reason  why  the  price  of  gas  should  be  raised,  not  lowered.  The  company  would  receive  a  less  revenue,  and  they  would  not  be  enabled  to  make  the  reduction  which  they  lately  made,  when  their  revenue  with  difficulty  gave  them  the  full  10  per  cent.  dividend.  He  had  not,  however,  heard  one  word  from  Mr.  Kitchen  as  to  the  expense  of  manufacture  ;  he  did  not  tell  them  how  much  it  took  to  produce  the  revenue  of  £90,000  in  1849,  and  £126,000  in  1854  Mr.  Kitchen  :  I  will  give  it  to  you  Mr.  Bennett  did  not  want  it--(laughterj—but  Mr.  Kit Kitchen  chen Kitchen  ought  to  have  mentioned  it.  In  1854,  the  expense  of  manufacture  was  £59,000,  while  in  1849,  the  expense  was  only  £47,000.  Mr.  Kitchen  :  In  1851  the  expenses  were  £48,800;  in  1852,  £50,000;  in  1853,  £51,000;  and,  in  1854,  they  increased  to  £59,000,  the  increase  being  accounted  for  by  the  increase  of  wages  in  the  year.  Mr•  Alderman  Bennett  said,  that  he  hal  not  gone  into  the  account  of  the  intermediate  years,  but  he  was  informed  that  the  expenses  in  1854  were  swelled  up  by  £l5OO  on  account  of  rates  alone.  He  was  told  that  the  parish  authorities  were  in  such  difficulties  that  in  that  year  they  solicited  to  be  paid  two  years'  rates  at  the  same  time.  (Laughter.)  Mr.  Bradley  :  Oh,  I  deny  that.  Mr.  Alderman  Bennett  said,  that  he  had  it  on  paper,  but  that  he  mislaid  it.  He  then  again  asserted  that  the  com company's  pany's company's  meters  were  fairly  constructed,  and  that  two  years  since  the  company  were  willing  that  a  public  tester  should  be  appointed,  but  justly  objected  to  his  being  one  of  their  paid  officers.  The  directors  put  that  resolution  on  their  books  two  years  ago,  and  the  recommendation  in  reference  to  the  appointment  of  such  an  officer  was  the  only  point  of  value  in  the  report.  He  then  objected  to  the  constitution  of  the  proposed  direction,  and  observed  that  the  consumers  would  be  as  two  to  one  to  the  bondholders  on  it.  If  he  were  a  gas  proprietor,  the  fear  which  he  would  have  would  be  that  some  other  light  would  be  discovered  which  would  supersede  gas;  and  what  more  likely,  now  that  chemistry  was  making  such  rapid  strides  and  scientific  men  were  turning  their  attention  to  the  subject?  What  would  become  of  them,  he  would  ask,  as  shareholders  in  a  property  of  the  value  of  something  like  £600,000,  if  a  discovery  were  made  that  would  supersede  gas,  and  introduce  a  new  system  of  lighting  the  public  streets  ?  It  was  a  serious  thing  to  contemplate,  if  they  considered  the  proposed  arrangement  in  that  light.  From  all  that  he  had  seen,  he  would  advise  the  council  to  let  well  alone.  They  had  a  company  supplying  them  with  gas  at  a  price  alraost  the  e  lowest  in  the  kingdom,  and  of  a  quality  superior,  he  believed,  an  believed,  to  all  gas  produced  in  the  kingdom  with  amount  of  attention  from  the  company's  h  servantsea  r  greater  ges  which  than  which  they  could  not  expect,  anddd  with STYLE=superscript  paid  he  denied  were  exorbitant.  Hhad  hundreds  of  pounds  for  fittings,  and  he  had  found  their  bills  exceedingly  moderate,  and  the  quality  of  the  work  credit creditable  able creditable  to  the  manager  and  the  men.  It  was  plain,  h  owever,  that  the  object  was  a  rival  company.  Mr.  Kitchen  :  Who  said  so  ?  Mr.  Alderman  Bennett  replied  that  it  was  apparent  from  the  paragraph  at  pace  12  of  the  committee's  report,  which  was  as  follows  Assuming  the  capital  of  the  company,  already  raised  and  to  be  raised,  to  be  as  above  stated,  there  eau  be  no  doubt  that  the  company  are  capable  of  supplying  the  increasing  demand  for  gas.  It  is  stated  by  Mr.  Clegg,  as  the  result  of  a  most  careful  and  elaborate  calculation,  that  works  capable  of  supplying  the  present  and  future  demand  for  gas,  including  mains,  &amp;c.,  could  be  constructed  for  £300,000,  and  that  the  outlay  of  this  amount  would  enable  a  company  to  supply  gas  of  a  quality  superior  to  that  now  used  at  3s.  6d.  per  1,000  cubic  feet,  and  pay  a  dividend  of  £lO  percent.  on  the  What  did  that  mean  but  the  establishment  of  a  rival  company  ?  He  denied  that  such  a  capital  would  suffice  for  the  purpose,  and  warned  the  council  against  approving  of  the  resolutions  submitted  to  them.  Mr.  Ilornby  explained  that  he  would  vote  for  the  resolu resolution,  tion, resolution,  as  it  seemed  to  him  that  it  merely  authorised  the  gas  committee  to  endeavour  to  make  such  an  arrangement  with  the  company  as  would  be  satisfactory  to  all  parties.  He  Conceived  that  it  in  no  way  obliged  the  council  to  sanction"
