text
"LETTER  NO  IL  EDUCATION  :  POPULAR  AND  POLITE.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  Sir,—Before  I  come  to  the  polite  education  subject,  upon  which  there  is  much  to  be  said,  I  must  call  your  attention  to  some  of  the  most  remarkable  errors  in  the  system  by  which  at  present  our  leading  personages  in  this  town,  and  most  others,  attempt  the  task  of  fastening  instruction  upon  the  public  mind.  Ido  not  profess  in  this  letter  to  deal  with  more  than  some  of  the  details.  Even  if  these  abuses  which  I  venture  to  point  out  now  were  remedied  entirely,  there  would  still  remain,  what  I  shall  hereafter  endeavour  to  show,  the  great  defect  and  delusion  which  lies  at  the  root  of  the  system,  the  point  at  which  we  blunder  in  the  very  com commencement  mencement commencement  of  the  work.  I  object  to  the  manner  in  which  popular  instruction  is  attempted  in  this  town,  and  many  others,  because  it  is  mixed  up  with  au  all-prevailing  leaven  of  the  patronage  system.  This  alone  would  for  ever  prevent  a  great  body  of  the  work working.a  ing.a working.a  classes  from  approaching  the  places  where  education  is  to  be  doled  out  to  them  in  rations.  Why  can  nothing  be  done  hen  unless  some  important  individual  will  consent  to  come  and  give  it  his  countenance,  and  kindly  patronise  those  poor  people  ?  If  all  this  reading  of  books,  and  listening  to  lectures  be  the  great  necessary  of  life,  do  you  think  the  people  cannot  find  that  out  for  themselves,  without  having  some  eminent  public,  political,  or  municipal  character  come  forward  and  declare  his  approval  ?  Do  not  imagine  that  I  would  undervalue  the  goodness  of  some  of  the  great  thinkers  of  the  present  day  who  have  sometimes  come  from  the  seclusion  of  their  studies  and  stet  upon  the  public  platform  as  the  easiest  means  of  transmitting  to  the  people  even  a  few  grains  of  that  pre precious  cious precious  dust  which  their  patient  hands  have  dug  from  the  mines  of  the  past  and  the  present..  This  is  merely  the  teacher  instructing  the  ignorant.  This  is  not  the  patron  smiling  approvingly  upon  the  humble  efforts  of  the  follower,  and  descending  from  his  eminence  to  pat  him  on  the  back  and  say  in  and  Against  this  system  I  protest,  and  I  believe  there  is  not  a  working  man  in  Liverpool  who,  if  he  had  time  to  think  upon  it,  would  not  protest  against  it  also.  In  this  town  you  cannot  even  let  the  poor  man  enjoy  a  pleasant  evening  at  a  concert,  where  his  ears  might  be  delighted  —ay,  and  his  soul  moved  by  music—like  the  ballads  of  Burns;  but  when  you  have  got  him  fairly  caught  within  doors  you  collect  people  to  make  speeches  to  him.  What  would  you  think,  Mr.  Editor,  if  when  you  went  to  enjoy  the  music  of  Mozart  and  the  voice  of  Mario,  I  or  some  one  else  got  up  and  insisted  upon  haranguing  you  in  depressing  platitudes  about  the  improvement  of  your  mind  ?  Do  you  think  the  working  classes  are  passionately  fond  of  hearing  speeches  ?  If  they  are,  do  you  not  think  the  sooner  educated  people  endeavour  to  cure  them  of  that  partiality  the  better?  And  now  let  me  say  a  word  to  the  working  classes.  Let  me  tell  them—if  there  aro  any  of  them  led  away  by  the  dream—that,  speaking  in  general  terms  and  of  course  admitting  some  exceptions,  the  noble  lord,  the  honor honorable  able honorable  member,  or  the  right  worshipful  gentleman  who  ad adaddresses  addresses adaddresses  them  from  the  platform,  doea  not  care  in  the  least  whether  they  become  educated  or  not,  does  not  care  about  anything  at  the  moment  except  the  speech  he  is  making,  the  cheers  he  is  receiving,  and  the  full  report  he  hopes  to  see  in  to-morrow  morning  paper.  And  even  if  he  were  as  ardent  in  their  cause  as  he  says  he  is,  let  me  tell  them  that  he  is  not  possessed  of  any  remarkable  educational  secret  which  he  might  impart.  Very  likely  he  is  just  as  far  off,  in  his  own  degree,  from  education  as  they  are,  only  with  this  material  difference,  that  he  probably  thinks  he  knows  everything,  while  they  will  readily  admit  they  know  nothing.  And  finally—but  let  this  be  only  whis whispered  pered whispered  secretly  and  with  due  humility—perhaps,  my  working  friends,  this  great  individual,  with  his  learning,  his  oratory,  and  his  precepts,  is  not  so  much  a  superior  being  as  you  imagine.  Perhaps  if  a  metamorphosis  were  to  take  place,  you  might  not  be  very  much  the  gainers  in  the  long  run.  There  are  noblemen,  I  venture  to  assure  you,  who  ace  not  virtuous,  members  of  parliament  who  are  not  -wise,  and  mayors  who  might  have  profited  more  by  their  school schoolmaste:s.  maste:s. schoolmaste:s.  Let  me  give  an  appropriate  example.  The  cause  of  popular  education  has  lately  gained  a  valuable  accession  in  the  person  of  Sir  Nominis  Umbra,  who  has  undertaken,  I  perceive  by  this  paper,  to  deliver  any  number  of  lectures  upon  any  or  all  subjects  addressed  to  the  people.  Sir  Nomiais  Umbra,  renowned  through  every  capital  in  Europe,  for  his  foppishness,  his  blunders.,  his  ignorance,  and  his  pro profligacy,  fligacy, profligacy,  lectirea  upon  education,  temperance,  and  continence  !  Is  it  because  any  one  imagines  Sir  Nominis  Umbra  can  possibly  know  anything  which  it  would  be  useful  for  any  one  else  to  know,  or  say  anything  which  one  might  profit  by  hearing  ?  Nothing  of  the  kind.  But  he  has  at  least  the  shadow  of  a  mighty  name;  and  it  is  not  supposed  that  the  people  ever  care  anything  about  education  for  its  own  sake,  only  that  they  may  be  enticed  into  it  by  a  man  with  a  name.  And  the  very  worst  feature  of  the  whole  is,  that  too  many  have  faith  in  this  thing,  and  will  not  even  lift  themselves  out  of  the  mire  unless  some  patronising  Jupiter  stoops  from  his  cloud  to  help  them.  Next,  let  me  numbly  remonstrate,  you  make  education  too  formidable  a  piece  of  business.  Nothing  slight,  trifling,  or  amusing  must  be  in  any  way  mixed  up  with  it.  Heavy,  sombre,  and  dark,  sits  your  ideal  of  knowledge,  blinking  at  the  gay  sunshine,  liko  Minerva's  owl.  Just  think  what  con conception  ception conception  a  poor  man  must  form  of  that  system  which  comes  to  him  represented  by  an  afternoon  lecture  on  a  Sunday.  I  would  implore  of  some  popular  instructors  to  read  and  take  to  heart  a  very  brief  paragraph  which  appeared  in  this  journal  some  days  back,  regard.ng  the  free  library  at  Man Manchester.  chester. Manchester.  See  what  a  system  of  reading  these  incessant  work working  ing working  men  cut  out  for  themselves.  The  rod  of  the  instructor  was  no  longer  over  them—they  read  what  they  liked,  and  what  was  their  selection  ?  SnAssrEnE,  Scow,  DEFOE,  Swirr,  ay,  even  the  Arabian  Nights  !  They  would  not  read  Hu=  or  CLARENDON  ;  and  made  as  feeble  an  effort  at  getting.  through  ALISON  as  you,  Mr.  Editor,  or  I  would  have  made.  Would  you  have  wished  it  otherwise  ?  Do  you  think  Ham Hamlet,  let, Hamlet,  Ivanhoe,  Robinson  Crusoe,  Gulliver—even  at  the  farthest  extreme,  Aladdin  and  the  Vonderful  Lamp  —are  not  more  likely  to  touch  some  chord  of  thought,  and  convey  some  idea  of  the  happiness  and  the  profit  to  be  derived  from  books,  in  the  simple,  ignorant,  child-like  brain  of  the  working  man,  than  toiling  through  Amsow,  or  falling  exhausted,  like  the  broken-down  camel,  amid  the  dry  wastes  of  LiNaAnn  ?  There  is  a  valuable  lesson,  as  old  as  the  days  of  /ESOP,  but  very  little  regarded,  which  may  be  drawn  from  the  selection  of  these  Manchester  working  men.  You  must  treat  the  un uneducated  educated uneducated  like  children,  and  begin  at  the  beginning.  I  heard  a  reverend  instructor,  not  very  long  since,  gravely  tell  of  a  little  girl,  seven  years  old,  whom  he  had  drilled  into  repeat repeating  ing repeating  a  whole  Epistle  of  the  New  Testament,  from  end  to  end,  Infore  she  could  read  a  letter  of  the  alphabet.  Poor  little  parrot.  Do  you  think  she  will  ever  be  able  to  appreciate  with  her  heart  the  immortal  beauty  of  these  words  of  ration  ?  No  more  than  you  or  I  comprehend  the  real  poetic  merit  or  or  Horace.  I  scarcely  know  wile wileuue  uue wileuue  reels  more  inclined  to  laugh  or  grow  sad  at  the  mag magpie  pie magpie  chatter  of  the  taught  and  the  owl-like  gravity  of  the  teacher.  I  protest  against  education  being  made  so  irksome  and  so  solemn—when  of  its  own  nature  it  is  soothing  and  bright.  It  is  humbl  e  ,  t  oo,  and  will  sometimes  speak  with  other  lips  than  those  of  the  grave  historian  and  the  sage  of  the  mathematics.  Because  there  are  children  and  ignorant  men  in  the  world,  it  has  condescended  to  appear  in  a  lighter  and  more  winn;ng  fo,-at  sometimes.  And  die  greatest  instructors  the  world  has  ever  known  have  recognised  and  admitted  this.  But  some  of  our  poor  supernumeraries  upon  the  stage  of  knowledge,  our  candle-snuffers  at  the  altar  of  science,  will  not  have  it  so.  It  is  not  long  since  I  heard  of  a  lecturer  in  this  town,  speaking  to  an  audience  chiefly  of  mechanics,  who  endea endeavoured  voured endeavoured  to  sneer  away  the  fame  which  must  have  reached  their  cars,  of  one  who  has  done  more  to  fill  all  hearts  with  tenderness  for  the  poor  and  a  true  k  now  l  e  d  ge  of  them,  than  all  the  public  platform  declaimers  of  E  ng  l  an  d  .  B  ut  he  con condescended  descended condescended  to:amuse  as  well  as  to  teach,and  the  lecturer  would  have  none  of  him.  I  felt  pained  that  in  an  audience  com composed  posed composed  of  those  to  whom  chiefly  he  has  dedicated  his  genius,  a  public  teacher  should  have  been  found  who  could  endeavour  to  raise  a  slighting  thought  in  the  mind  of  the  working  man  of  England,  against  the  kindly  spirit,  the  genial  heart  of  CHARLES  DICKENS.  Until  those  defects  are  remedied,in  van  you  strive  to  gain  the  hears  of  the  people.  If  education  cannot  come  to  us  unless  lead  by  a  patron's  hand,  we  despise  it  :  if  it  turns  upon  us  the  cold,  harsh  aspect  of  a  mediaeval  ascetic,  we  shrink  ir  sCnctivel7  from  it.  There  are  other  teachers  besides  you  who  now  pro_23s  to  teach—there  are  men  who  have  thought  and  written  for  us  as  well  as  for  you.  We  are  not  so  dull  but  we  will  some  day  find  out  that  the  books  from  which  the  best  of  you  must  learn,  are  open  to  us  also,  nor  so  poor  but  we  shall  somehow  get  at  them.  Perhaps,  then  we  may  find  that  those  bet  qualified  to  have  intodu  ced  their  race  were  not  all  dignitaries  of  the  Church,  the  state,  or  corporation,--I  remain,  Mr.  Editor,  yours  c.,  EXCELSIOR,"
