text
"-.0---  JENNY  LIND  (GOLDSCHMIDT)  AND  THE  WORKING  MEN  or  LIVERPOOL.—A  short  time  ago,  during  her  recent  visit  to  Liverpool.  the  working  men  of  this  town  got  up  a  memorial  to  Madame  Goldschmidt,  (Jenny  Lind),  in  which,  after  expressing  their  high  admiration  of  her  great  talents.  and  the  pleasure  they  would  experience  in  hearing  them  exercised,  they  pointed  out  that,  owing  to  the  necessarily  high  prices  charged  for  admission  to  her  con concerts,  certs, concerts,  none  of  the  working  classes  could  enjoy  the  privilege  of  being  delighted,  like  their  richer  brethren,  by  her  wonderful  vocalism.  They  begged  her,  therefore,  to  consent  to  give  a  concert  for  the  working  classes  solely,  at  prices  which  would  not  debar  the  most  humble  from  par participating  ticipating participating  in  the  rich  teat  of  hearing  her  heaven-born  voice  ;  and  they  respectfully  suggested  in  case  of  her  approval  of  their  request,  that  the  entertainment  should  take  place  in  the  Concert-hall,  Lord  Nelson-street,  as  being  the  peculiar  locale  of  the  cheap  and  popular  concerts  in  this  town.  The  memorial  was  duly  presented,  and  the  fair  cantatrice  has  in  her  usual  good-nature,  accorded  the  boon  asked,  but  conditionally  on  measures  being  taken  to  secure  the  admission  to  the  concert  of  members  of  the  working  classes  only.  Madame  Lind  also  intimated  au  objection  to  sing  at  the  Lord  Nelson-street  Hall,  and  sug suggested  gested suggested  that  St.  George's  Hall  might  easily  obtained  for  the  purpose.  She  also  expressed  a  desire  that  the  pt  ice  of  admittance  should  not  be  lower  than  half-a-crown.  The  arrangement,  it  is  said,  is  in  course  of  being  carried  out,  and  the  concert  will  probably  take  place  in  a  week  or  two  at  St.  George's  Hall.  It  is  to  be  hoped  that  those  who  are  not  really  of  the  working  will  have  too  much  good  taste  and  proper  feeling,  to  attempt  to  take  antage  of  Madame  Goldsehmidt's  kindness,  to  the  --4*---  WARLIKE  r  PREPARATIO:  —Notwithstanclin  the  peace  despatches  weLlearn  that  the  authorities  of  the  war  depart-  ment;  are  not  abating  their  At  the  Tower  of  London  th  , STYLE=superscript  n  of  ordnance  and  commissariat  stores  is  carried  on  with  the  same  energy  and  dispatch  as  heretofore.  The  operations  in  the  small  arms-proving  department  is  described  as  being  rather  on  the  increase.  Yesterday  morning  instructions  were  forwarded  to  the  commanding  officers  of  the  embodied  regiments  of  militia  nol  ifying  that  volunteers  from  those  corps  will  be  accepted  for  service  in  Light  Cavalry  regiments,  with  the  excep exception  tion exception  of  the  10th  llussars,  and  the  il2th  Lancers  (which  complete  to  the  war  establishment,  namely  •ach)  and  for  the  third  (ne  regiments  a:  )w•  the  seco  lid)  class  drivers  iu  the  Land  Transport  Corps  CLOSE  OF  THE  GRAND  POULTRY  SHOW.—SALE  AT  MESSRS.  LUCAS'S  YESTERDAY.—The  Liverpool  grand  poultry  show  closed  last  eve  ning,  after  a  most  successful  exhibition,  both  in  regard  to  the  number  and  quality  of  the  birds,  and  the  sales  effected.  Of  400  pens,  containing  1,250  birds,  exhibited,  50  have  been  sold  by  private  contract,  and  yesterday  morning  some  300  or  400  birds,  many  of  which  had  been  in  the  show,  were  sold  by  auction,  by  Messrs.  Lucas,  and  realised  various  prices,  averaging  about  £1  a  pen.  Of  one  private  sale,  the  following  were  the  principal  prices  :—Pens  No.  3  and  4,  of  black  Spanish  fowls,  the  property  of  Mr.  Davies,  of  London,  were  purchased  by  Captain  Hornby,  of  Knowsley-hall,  for  Lord  Derby's  collection,  at  the  very  high  figure  of  £lOO  per  pen.  £4O  was  offered  for  one  Spanish  cock,  and  refused  by  the  owner.  Mr.  Brundritt,  of  Runcorn,  exhibited  a  pen  of  Spanish  jets,  for  which  he  was  offered  £6O,  but  he  refused  to  part  with  them  at  that  low  Pea  No.  11,  class  1,  was  pur purchased  chased purchased  by  Mr.  Lawrence  Peel,  of  this  town,  for  fifteen  guineas.  A  Dorking  cock,  belonging  to  Mr.  Alcock,  of  Windermere,  sold  for  the  extraordinary  price  of  £2O,  but  the  eterprising  purchaser  refused  to  give  his  name.  Pen  169,  containing  a  young  game  cock,  and  two  game  chickens,  belonging  to  Mr.  Hineson,  of  Buck-lane,  became  the  property  of  Mr.  Bailey,  of  London,  on  payment  of  ten  guineas.  Another  Dorking  cock  sold  for  £lO,  the  purchaser  being  the  Ray.  Stephen  Donne,  of  Oswestry.  A  pen  of  bantams,  contai,ling  a  cock  and  two  hens,  the  pro-•  perry  of  Mr.  Dixon,  of  Bradford,  were  bought  by  Mr.  Conyers,  of  Leeds,  for  £2O.  The  other  pens  ranged  from  eight,  and  six,  to  three  guineas  each.  THE  BARQUE  CHEROKEE.—On  Thursday  this  case  came  before  the  Court  of  Admiralty,  Dublin.  It  will  be  remem remembered  bered remembered  that  it  was  a  salvage  cause  instituted  by  Thomas  Mitchell  and  others,  the  crew  of  the  pilot-cutter  Seagull,  fur  their  services  rendered  to  the  impugnant  vessel.  This  vessel,  the  Cherokee,  of  Liverpool,  had  been  bound  from  Benin,  on  the  coast  of  Africa,  to  Liverpool,  with  a  cargo  of  palm  oil  and  ivory,  and  meeting  with  stormy  weather  had  put  into  Bantry  Bay,  on  her  homeward  passage,  where  a  steam  tug  was  chartered  to  bring  her  thence  to  Liverpool.  Owing  to  the  continuing  violence  of  the  gales  the  tug  had  parted  her  towing  ropes  at  sea,  off,  the  coast  of  Waterford,  and  about  9  o'clock,  p.m.,  on  the  night  of  the  31st  December  last,  the  Cherokee  had  got  into  the  harbour  without  knowing  it,  through  the  darkness,  and  let  go  both  her  anchors,  but  one  of  her  chains  having  parted,  she  was  dragging  her  remaining  anchor  and  going  ashore.  The  mister  of  the  barque,  at  that  time  declined  any  assistance  from  the  pilot-cutter,  but  about  one  o'clock  the  following  morning,  the  Ist  of  January  instant,  the  barque  having  then  parted  her  remaining  anchor,  was  fast  drifting  with  the  ebbing  tide  in  on  Creden  Head.  The  master  then  hailed  the  pilot-cutter  for  aid,  and  she  immediately  complying,  and  putting  a  sufficient  number  of  hands  on  board  the  barque,  after  an  hour's  work,  succeeded  in  slipping  both  chains,  which  had  been  trailing  after  the  barque,  keeping  her  broadQide  to  both  sea  and  wind,  and  thus  rendering  her  unmanageable;  got  np  her  foresail  and  foretop foretopher  her foretopher  round,  and  got  her  up  the  '  strand.  The  Cherokee  mast  stay  sail,  wor  &#34;'arbour  had  been  arrested  by  warrant  of  the  court,  in  order  to  answer  the  claim  for  remuneration  for  such  service,  and  had  been  bailed  in  the  sum  of  2,00  W,  in  order  to  enable  her  to  complete  her  voyage,  the  bail  affording  ample  security  as,  to  the  issue  of  the  suit.  The  promovent's  libel  having  been  exhibited,  and  the  cause  ready  for  hear-  Mr.  Lee,  the  proctor  for  the  impughant,  make  a  50/  to  the  promovents,  and  their  costs,  which  conference,  accepted  by  Mr.  Ilarnerton,  on  the  part  of  the  crew  of  the  pilot  cutter.  Mr.  Lee  then  prayed  that  the  stipulation  of  bail  should  be  subductecl.  The  court  granted  it  accordingly.  The  dulness  and  depression  by  which  our  Market  had  for  so  long  a  time  been  characterised  continued  to  prevail  until  about  noon  yesterday,  buyers  having  had  in  the  meanwhile  a  slight  ad advantage  vantage advantage  as  compared  with  the  quotations  of  Friday  last  in  all  descriptions  except  the  better  classes  of  Boweds,  .which,  being  much  ,sought  after  on  account  of  their  superior  quality  and  relative  cheapness,  fully  supported  former  rates.  On  receipt  yesterday,  however,  of  intelligence  of  the  unconditional  acceptance  by  Russia  of  the  terms  of  Peace  offered  through  Austria  by  the  Western  Powers,  an  immediate  and  complete  change  took  place,  an  urgent  desire  to  purchase  being  mani manifested,  fested, manifested,  whilst  much  of  the  Cotton  previously  offered  was  at  once  withdrawn  from  market.  The  business  of  the  day  was  estimated  at  12,000  bales,  4,000  of  which  were  taken  for  Speculation  and  Export,  and  the  prices  realized  were  from  id.  to  id.  per  lb.  above  those  previously  current.  This  im improvevent  provevent improvevent  has  been  fully  supported  to  day,  the  sales  being  again  estimated  at  12,000  bales,  4,000  of  which  are  for  speculation  and  export,  and  busi business  ness business  has  generally  been  done  at  an  advance  of  id  per  lb.  in  American  descriptiqns  below  fair,  and  id  to  id  in  the  better  classes  and  in  all  other  kinds  of  Cotton  on  the  quotations  of  1  of  the  week  amount  to  58,7501  have  been  taken  by  the  trade,  lay  last.  The  st  ales,  44,700  of  which  8,930  for  speculation  and  5,120  for  export.  The  committee's  quotations  to  day  for  fair  Cotton  are  as  foll6ws,  viz.  :—Bowed  514,  Mobile  5,1  d,  and  Orleans  6kd  per  lb.  The  Liverpool  Share  Market  has  been  firm  throughout  the  day,  until  the  close,  when  prices  left  off  at  about  4  per  cent  beloW  the  highest  point,  and  the  tone  rather  feeble.  Aberdeen,  11  11+.  Chester  and  Birkenhead,  134  - STYLE=superscript  -  13.  Caledonian,  281  281.  Chester  and  Holyhead,  11  11k.  Eastern  Coun Counties,  ties, Counties,  8  11-16  8  13-16.  East  Lancashire,  18  18k.  Great  Northern,  22k  221  Ditto  A,  94  n.  Great  54  55.  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Stock,  irosby,  and  Southport,  147,  141.  London  and  North  Western  Stock,  963  :  97.  Man-  Western  Jester  ieffield  and  Lincoln,  241  24k.  Ditto  Preference,  131  13-1.  Ditto  New  6  per  cent  Pref.,  7-16  tp.  Midland  Stock,  661  66-  . STYLE=superscript  L  North  British.  7  7-16  7  9-16.  North  Staffordshire,  81  8-Id.  South  Eastern,  17  15-16  18.  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  171  171.  York  and  North  Midland.  23  231.  Dutch  Rhenish,  x  all  ap.  Ditto  New  Shares,  1  a  lip.  Great  Western  of  Canada,  251  26.  Ditto  New  Shares,  31  3Rp.  Great  Luxembourg,  9  84d.  The  Corn  Markets  generally  are  lower.  In  Liverpool  to-day  there  was  complete  stagnation,  and  Wheat  declined  from  4d.  to  sd.  per  bushel.  and  Flour  from  is.  to  ls.  6d.  per  barrel.  In  Wake Wakefield  field Wakefield  there  was  very  little  business  done,  and  sales  of  Wheat  were  made  at  a  decline  of  ss.  per  quarter.  Mr.  F.  J.  Eaton,  in  his  circular  to-day,  gives  the  following  report  of  the  Tallow  trade  :  The  London  market  opened  quietly  this  week  at  68s  to  67s  9d  per  cwt  spot,  and  Feb.  March  delivery,  but  owing  to  the  large  quant  ty  tendered  ex  ship  gradually  declined  is  per  cwt.  on  Tuesday  and  Wednesday  ;  yesterday,  immedi immediately  ately immediately  on  the  issuing  of  the  second  edition  of  the  Times,  asserting  the  unconditional  acceptance  by  Russia  of  the  Austrian  proposals,  there  was  a  complete  panic,  and  the  first  price  paid  was  61s  6d  per  cwt.  Jan:  March  ;  later  in  the  afternoon,  when  it  was  ascertained  that  Russia  only  accepted  the  proposals  as  the  basis  of  negotiations,  there  was  a  better  feeling,  and  an  improvement  of  is  to  is  6d  per  cwt  took  place,  at  which  a  fair  business  was  done  ;  the  closing  prices  are  62s  6d  to  63s  Feb.  March,  62s  6d  to  62s  spot,  and  61s  per  cwt  April  to  June.  The  stock  is  now  21,374  cks,  against  34,553  in  1854  ;  half  week  delivery  800  cks,  against  708  cks  last  year.  Here,  early  in  the  week,  small  lots  of  P.  Y.  C.  brought  69s  to  69s  6d  per  cwt,  but  since  yesterday's  news  came  to  hand  the  market  is  very  unsettled,  and  65s  per  cwt  „is  the  nearest  price  ;  90  cks  are  to  be  offered  to-morrow.  At  the  meeting  of  Portuguese  Bondholders  held  to.day  the  following  resolution  was  agreed  to  :  That  the  agreement  dated  Dec.  13,1855,  between  Mr.  Thornton,  chairman  of  Portuguese  Bondholders  Committee,  and  his  Excellency  Senor  Fortes,  the  Finance  Minister  of  Portugal,  and  now  read  at  this  meeting,  be  approved  ;  and  on  the  same  being  ratified  by  the  Cortes  and  carried  into  effect,  the  Committee  of  the  Stock  Exchange  be  requested  to  give  quotation  to  Portuguese  The  extraordinary  excitement  in  the  Stock  Exchange  and  city  circles,  has,  to-day,  in  a  great  measure  subsided,  but  in  nearly-  every  department  of  the  security  markets,  however,  the  late  rise  is  well  maintained.  The  extreme  fluctuation  in  the  English  Funds,  which  yesterday  was  no  less  than  31  per  cent,  did  not  to-day  exceed  per  cent.  The  closing  quotations  were  almost  exactly  the  same  the  final  official  prices  of  yesterda  At  ;Paris  th  namely,  89/.  Ktroordinary  rise  is  also  well  sup supported.  ported. supported.  Bank  of  France  shares  have  risen  150  f.  in  two  days.  At  Vienna  yesterday  an  almost  unpre unprecedented  cedented unprecedented  degree  of  buoyancy  was  exhibited.  The  Austrian  Funds  rose  sto  4  per  cent.  All  the  other  Continental  Stock  Markets  were  materially  higher.  The  following  were  the  closing  quotations  of  Foreign  Exchanges  :—Amsterdam,  short,  11  163  to  11  17.  Do.  Three  Months,  11  191,-  to  123.  Rotter Rotterdam,  dam, Rotterdam,  Do.,  11  194  to  12.  Antwerp,  Do.,  25  55  to  25  60.  Brussels,  Do.,  25  55  to  25  60.  Hamburg,  Do.,  13  9,1  to  13  10.  Paris,  Short,  25  30  to  25  34.  Do.,  Three  Months,  25  723  to  25  80.  Mar Marseilles,  seilles, Marseilles,  Do.,  25  75  to  25  80.  Frankfort.  Do.,  1203  to  120  . STYLE=superscript  &amp;  Vienna,  Do..  11  to  11  7.  Trieste;  Do.,  11  to  11  10.  Madrid,  Do.,  493  to  491;.  The  demand  for  Money,  to-day,  was  active,  at  full  rates,  but  with  a  bare  supply.  The  180,0001.  in  gold,  ex  Ben  Nevis,  from  Melbourne,  was  in  hand  today.  The  entire  was  at  once  taken  for  expor exportation,  tation, exportation,  the  demand  being  active.  The  Corn  Market  to-day,  was  greatly  depressed.  To  effect  sales  of  Wheat,  the  important  reduction  of  •  about  5s  per  quarter  from  last  Monday's  prices  would  have  been  necessary.  The  Tallow  Market  remains  perfectly  paralysed.  Yesterday's  great  rise  in  the  Railway  Share  Market,  is  well  maintained,  and  the  market  has  resumed  a  settled  appearance.  The  subjoined  were  the  closing  quotations  :  Caledonian,  56f  561.  Edinburgh  and  Glasgow,  8a  81.  East  Lancashire,  72  73.  Great  Northern,  92  921.  Ditto  A,  77  78.  Great  Western,  54/  541  Lan Lancashire  cashire Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  781  791.  London  and  North  Western,  96  963.  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincolnshire,  231  231  Midland  Stock,  631  661.  North  British,  30  31.  South  Eastern  and  Dover,  593  60.  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick;  683  691.  York  and  North  Midland,  463.  BANE.  OF  ENGLAND  RETURNS.  An  Account,  pursuant  to  the  Act  7th  and  Bth  Victoria,  cap•  32,  for  the  Week  ending  Jan.  12,  1856.  ISSUE  DEPARTMENT.  Debit.  Credit.  Notes  issued  ..  £24,274,306  Government  Debt  Other  securities  3,459,900  Gold  Coin  and  £24,274,305  9,779,305  BANKING  I):  Total  ....  124,274,305  TARTMENT,  Debit.  Proprietors'  ca-  Credit.  Government  se-  Rest  Public  deposits  Other  „  X  14,553,000  3,330,673  3,638,609  13,967,508  curities  £13,413,459  Other  securities  17,415,554  Notes  4,887,005  Gold  and  silver  coin  Seven  day,  and  other  bills..  617,646  843,874  .  £36,333,664  Total  ....  £36,333,664  The  foregoing  Bank  Returns  show  the  following  results  when  compared  with  those  of  the  preceding  week  :--Notes  issued,  decrease  146,8751;  bullion  in  both  departments,  decrease  119,9581;  rest,  increase  45,3501;  public  deposits,  decrease  1,875,9261;  other  deposits,  increase  1,359,6681;  seven  days  and  other  bills,  decrease  5,9  0 STYLE=superscript  11.  On  the  credit  side,  govern  ment  securities  have  increased  2.585,944/.  other  securities  decreased  2,456,3201  Notes  unemployed,  decrease  633,3701.  Actual  circulation,  19,387,3001;  increase  486,4951.  THE  LONDON  GAZETTE  BANKRUPTS.—THOMAS  WHITEHEAD,  Rigelleap,  su sugar  gar sugar  dealer  and  colonial  agent.  WILLIAM  SALISBURY,  Birmingham,  bailder.  WALTER  Bomar,  late  of  Church Churchroad,  road, Churchroad,  Kingsland,  and  Seymour-street,  Deptford,  papier  mache  dealer.  JOSEPH  L9DGE,  Wolverhampton,  brewer  any  cab  proprietor.  JOHN STYLE=superscript  MITCHELL,  Sun-street,  Bishop Bishopgate-street,  gate-street, Bishopgate-street,  analytical  c'iemtst.  CATHERINE  HUGHES,  Fli  n  tshire,  grocer  and  drap  er  .  H  ENRY  WILSON  IZICHARD3ON.  Banstead,  Surrey,  licensed  victualler.  CHARLES  DAWN,  Newport,  Monmouthshire,  grocer.  CdARLES  BRADLEY,  WiMSIOI9,  Cheshire,  tailor  and  draper.  JOH  N  T.  EDWARD  3,  Liverpool,  laceman.  JOHN  CRANEROOK  GREGORY,  Bristol,  dealer  in  ale  and  porter.  Count  Esterhazy  writes  from  St.  Petersburg,  that  M.  de  Nesselrode  had  just  notified  to  him  the  pure  and  simple  acceptation  of  the  propositions,  contained  in  the  ultimatum,  ..vhich  propositions  are  to  serve  as  the  preliminaries  of  The  sensation  which  this  news  created  was,  as  you  will  readily  conceive,  immense.  At  the  Bourse  the  crowd  was  tremendous,  and  the  excite-  ment  terrible  shot  up  with  surprising  rapidity  rise  to  the  end.  Indeed  the  news  of  the  pri  they  began  pi  other  securities  .nd  continued  to  known  to  some  in  g  largely  at  once,  so  that  the  business  commenced  with  silarge  of  vesterda  800  for  Ganges,  whose  arrival  at  Marseilles  is  else  announced,  states  that  the  Allies  have  18  , STYLE=superscript  men  of  the  army  (proper)  in  the  Crimea,  and  there  are  about  13,000  men  who  do  not  beloi  the  army.  The  destruction,  by  explosion,  of  the  do(  Sebastopol  had  been  adjourned,  it  was  some  wee  A.dvice  the  Gre  the  purpose  GREECE  ted  Athens,  the  Bth  instant  linister  of  War  had  jas  )n  of  sixte3n  columns  A  following  up  t  T.  Bulg.  be  brigands  s,  the  Minister  of  the  Intel  addressed  a  circular  letter  to  the  Prefect  the  same  subject  THE  FRENCH  FUNDS  PARIS,  FRIDAY  EVENE  The  transactions  to-day  closed  at  the  lc(  quotations—Four  and  a-Half  per  Cents.  Three  per  Cents.,  68f.  5c  INDIA  AND  CHINA  MAII  SOUTHAMPTON,  FRIDAY  EVENING.  The  Peninsular  and  Oriental  Steam-ship  Co:  pany's  steamer  Alma  has  arrived  here  with  t  heavy  portion  of  the  India  and  China  mails,  a  eighteen  passengers.  Her  dates  are  from  Alexandria  to  the  Malta  the  9th,  and  Gibraltar  the  10th  inst.  During  a  heavy  gale  at  Gibraltar  no  less  fifteen  vessels  had  been  driven  on  shore.  We  are  glad  to  learn  that  the  prospects  of  a  vacane  ;  for  Hereford  a  re  not  lik  ely  to  be  realised.  Sir  Rotel.  Price's  seat  has  not  b  een  l  ega  ll  y  vacated,  and  we  are  hapPY,t,  ,  0  state  that  there  is  e  ver  y  prospect  'of  the  hon.  baronet  commercial  affairs  being  shortly  arranged  in  a  mano  st STYLE=superscript  that  will  not  render  it  necessary  f  or  him  to  resign  1  1  1  seat  in  Parliament.  THE  COLDSTREAMS  AND  SCOTS  FUSILIER  GuAnns.,  Orders  have  been  i  ssue  d  f  or  draughts  of  the  Coldstre3sit  and  Scots  Fusilier  G  uar  d  s  to  h  old  themselves  in  readine;  for  immediate  emba  r  k  a  ti  on  f  or  the  East,  so  as  to  comp  l'  •  each  regiment  to  1,000  rank  and  file  exclusive  of  o'4  The  Grenadier  G  uar  d  s  w  il  l  not  b  e  required  to  send  an  ;  as  the  3d  batt  a  li  on  i  n  th  e  Crimea  numbers  1,030  exclusive  of  sick,  orderlies,  &amp;c.  THE  LATE  CAS  E  OP  S  USPECTED  POISONING  AT  .1./E'&#34;%,  PORT.—It  will  be  recollected  that  Mr.  John  Hallett  , STYLE=superscript  quack  doctor  at  Devonport,  was  committed  fcr  trial  nt  the  next  Devon  assizes,  charged  with  the  manslaughter.  1  ,  Louisa  Mitchell,  a  woman  who  had  long  cohabited  w  i STYLE=superscript  Hallett.  Inform  a  ti  on  h  as  now  b  een  received  of  the  dc3th  of  Hallett  himself,  who  expired  in  the  county  gaol  a  0 STYLE=superscript  days  after  his  committal.  RAILWAY  ACCIDENT.—On  th  e  G  rea  t  Northern  Rat.--`.1,010  on  Wednesday  a  tire  of  a  wheel  of  a  first-class  carri?i  e  g  in  the  up  mixed  express  train  broke  about  two  n''  , STYLE=superscript  d  south  of  the  Tallington  station.  Before  the  train  CO  be  quite  stopped,  the  carriage  turned  partly  over,  n STYLE=superscript  ra  two  passengers  were  i  n  j  ured—Lady  Harris,  who  h  3 STYLE=superscript  u,  .  E  i  small  bone  of  h  er  arm  b  roken,  and  a  son  of  CO  1)  a  l  Smythe,  who  was  sli  g  h  t  l  y  h  urt;  they  are  at  the  hotov  Peterborough,  and  doing  well.  None  of  the  other  pa'se  gers  were  hurt,  and  all  proceeded  on  their  journey.  At  PROMISED  REMOVAL  OF  BURDENS  ON  SHIPPING  lecture  on  the  progress  of  shipping,  at  North  Mechanics'  Institute,  Mr.  W.  S.  Lindsay  sai  I  it  was  great  satisfaction  he  had  to  tell  them,  that  the  first  t  t  i  e  on  which  parlia  men  t  opene  d  ,  a  bill  would  be  laid  iipori  a  of  table  of  the  house,  by  the  Vi  ce  -P  res  id  ent  of  the  nodsthe  .  Trade,  to  abolish  the  passing  tolls—that  is  to  sl.v;  Downs  and  Ramsgate,  and  other  exclusive  priv  , STYLE=superscript  ''  which  were  the  creatures  of  protection  ;  and  111  privileges  wt  METROPOLITAN  BoAnD  OF  WORKS.—This  board  terday  at  Burlington  House,  to  proceed  with  the  el  clerk  to  the  board.  The  applicants  were  31  in  The  list  was  rek:uced  to  Messrs.  Woolrych,  Curling  Wilkinson,  Isaacson,  and  Coode.  '[he  general  vo  then  taken  in  the  ordinary  way,  Mr.  - STYLE=superscript  Woolrvch  wa  clerk  by  a  majority  on  the  reduced  list  of  23,  aga  Wilkinson  of  9.  JOINT  STOCK  COMPANIES.—It  is  rumoured  thi  new  act  now  in  preparation  by  Government  fi  incorporation  and  regulation  of  joint-stock  coma  contains  a  clause  which  will  increase  by  definii  responsibilities  of  directors.  It  proposes  every  di  shall  be  held  to  be  acquainted  with  all  acts  of  tie,  :  !  and  also  that  every  director  shall  be  responsible  1  truth  of  the  statements  which  they  put  forth.  I  say  that  the  railway  has  made  a  profit,  or  that  a  has  assets  to  meet  its  engagements,  they  are  to  bi  responsible  to  all  parties  interested  for  the  truth  of  they  thus  publish.  r  RUSSIAN  OFFICIAL  DELINQUENCIES.—TheSt.  -.2ir.e  burg  Marine  Jo  urna  l  a  f  ew  days  back  published  the  de..ipe  dation  of  an  officer  of  the  Commissariat  of  the  fleet  e  i STYLE=superscript  n  Black  Sea,  aiding  and  abetting  in  the  getting  false  St.  P  e  t  ers  b  urg  letters  mention  that  the  Minister  of  War  has  laid  before  the  Empere  e  t STYLE=superscript  o  it  judgment  pronounced  by  a  council  of  war,  which,  w  1 STYLE=superscript  1  ,5  is  published,  will  excit  e  as  muc  h  sensat  i  on  as  the  se!  . STYLE=superscript  ;  00v  lotions  of  Politowski  did,  who  had  embezzled  I,odv'  t  ie  o STYLE=superscript  roubles  from  the  funds  of  the  The  P2  r STYLE=superscript  ipir  affected,  are  seven  membe  rs  ,  an  d  th  e  president,  a  al:`Io  nal  of  Commerce  in  the  s  ou  th.  Th  ey  are  understee`,i  bt  have  made  very  free  with  th  e  S  tate  Treasury,  as  vc-el  the  funds  of  the  tribunal  itself.  b  l  THE  CASE  OF  lin.  VAUHHAN.—It  Will  be  recollecte4  /  in  this  case  th  e  d  e  f  en  d  ant  o  b  tained  ex  park  a  writ  or  l  icti  tiorari  from  M  r  .  J  ust  i  ce  C  rompton,  removing  the  ment  and  proceedings  from  the  Central  Criminal  Court  9  the  Queen's  Bench.  An  application  was  then  made  t  e STYLE=superscript  Li  ce'  Baron  Platt  to  rescind  th  a  t  or  d  er  ,  an  d  t  h  at  a  writ  of  P  i STYLE=superscript  ;  till  dendo  should  issue  to  remove  the'proceedings  back;  1,11 STYLE=superscript  t  y.  learned  judge,  althou  g  h  h  e  ,  expressed  himself  stronglYcjett.  alined  to  interf  ere  w  ith  M  r  .  J  us  ti  ce  Crompton's  °V'  leaving  the  pa  r  ti  es  t  o  apply  to  th  e  f  u  ll  court.  Since  OW  notice  has  been  served  upon  the  defender's  solicitors  0  01  application  will  be  made  for  a  rule  absolute,  in  the  oil  instance,  for  the  issuing  of  the  writ  of  procedendot  which  application  is  fixed  for  this  mornino.  ee  l STYLE=superscript  ','  AUSTRALIAN  COPPER  C  OMPANY.—On  Thursday,  11,  Vli STYLE=superscript  ing  of  the  English  . STYLE=superscript  and  A  ustra  li  an  Copper  Compaolree.,/  held,  when,  after  a  len  g  th  ene  d  di  scussion,  it  was  4g,lrdt  to  accept  the  offer  of  Si  r  Wil  l  i  am  Foster  to  purchat4o(lo  Spitty  Works  for  50,0001  .,  which  was  alleged  to  be  ti  e  the  price  the  company  paid  for  them.  An  adjourntliq  l STYLE=superscript  ,  i  fY„'  a  month,  to  consider  the  question,  was  suggested,  but  ly  stated  that  the  financial  necessities  of  the  undert  o STYLE=superscript  required  an  immediate  decision,  to  prevent  affairs  from  b STYLE=superscript  is  e STYLE=superscript  id'  thrown  into  Chancery,  or  even  reduced  to  a  Worse  eXtre„  The  future  management,  it  is  proposed,  concentrated  npou  thei  Smith  Australian  latest  advices  - STYLE=superscript  regarding  which  are  considered  encouraging.  0  0/ STYLE=superscript  tl  THE  BANKRUPTCY  OF  C.  J.  Manz.--The  exaw,  f  -  11 STYLE=superscript  5  Pi.  meeting  in  the  cas  e  o  f  M  r  .  J  .  C.  Mare,  the  entinemof,  builder,  was  appoint  e  d  t  o  come  on  b  efore  Mr.  Co  t  l  Holroyd,  in  the  London  Court  of  Bankruptcy.  0  , STYLE=superscript  5  Linklater,  representing  the  bankrupt,  said  that,  in  c STYLE=superscript  l  ot,/  quence  of  the  very  voluminous  nature  of  the  aceo  - STYLE=superscript  .  1 STYLE=superscript  „V  o  ,  had  been  found  impossible  to  prepare  them  in  t!'&#34;,  e  (l4  this  meeting.  His  -Honour  said,  as  both  sides  ago  o  ro  j  an  adjournment  for  two  months,  he  would  make  att  o  tl'  r  ,,  accordingly.  It  was  also  ordered  that  the  alto',  :11  f4  )  should  be  continued.  The  works  in  progress  !  1 STYLE=superscript  .',t  1 STYLE=superscript  ,A  Mare's  yard,  for  the  government  and  other  partie  e  ',.  Pr  4  being  prosecuted  with  great  vigour  by  the  assigue  the  benefit  of  the  estate;  and,  recently,  sever  al  additional  orders  have  been  received.  Abot  1 STYLE=superscript  ;  0  1 STYLE=superscript  :  1 STYLE=superscript  0,  beginning  of  •  the  present  month  a  n  or  d  er  was  gi`„  . STYLE=superscript  t°d  , STYLE=superscript  ,  the  government  for  twenty  mortar  Si  of  o STYLE=superscript  e  each,  to  be  completed  for  .£2,200  each.  xof  th  ts STYLE=superscript  '  4  4 STYLE=superscript  :4  to  be  delivered  in  the  present  month,  six  in  Fol'',;V,  and  the  remainder  by  the  10th  of  March.  There  31. STYLE=superscript  0  'i  i  d  p  m  t  o  i  r  n  t  y  two  mortar  vessels,,,  s  'flo STYLE=superscript  h  ar STYLE=superscript  e  r STYLE=superscript  lyl  the  1(11 STYLE=superscript  O  e STYLE=superscript  f  s STYLE=superscript  e STYLE=superscript  a  Ar STYLE=superscript  ton  weight  three  miles.  Three,  /  which  are  expected  to  u STYLE=superscript  fe  t STYLE=superscript  :flt  te STYLE=superscript  a  i STYLE=superscript  nox STYLE=superscript  4  otthr,haaronaorldwidiorder  was  received  from  the  South  IT:  t  oo  Railway  Company  for  an  iron  steamer  to  ply  t  t  Southampton  and  Havre;  the  vessel  is  to  be  of  and  is  to  he  completed  by  the  sth  of  April.  T°'  also  in  p  rogress  two  large  iron  ships,  of  1,8,,0  each,  for  the  Genoese  government.  The  I  v° STYLE=superscript  Westminst  e  r  B  r  id  ge  ,  the  contract  for  which  3 STYLE=superscript  ”„st'':o',  by  Mr.  M  are  ,  are  go  i  ng  on  as  favourably  as  1/-  ld  The  wag  e  s  paid  i  n  diff  erent  d  epartments  averoget,O,  £3,500  a  week.  All  these  wor  k  s  are  b  eing  carried  Ol  d  the  direction  of  Mr.  Lee,  the  official  assignee,  James  Johnson,  the  messenger  of  the  court.  About  ''l,l''  l  4  has  been  realised  by  the  sale  of  the  bankrupt's  folk)  establishments  at  Hyde  -park  gardens  and  in  'llooi  (  d  bout  £B,OOO  f  rom  t  h  e  former,  and  £5,000  from  th  e STYLE=superscript  but  these  sums  h  ave  b  een  disbursed  in  the  payment  (i STYLE=superscript  t  f STYLE=superscript  and  other  exp  enses  i  ncidental  to  the  carrying  0110  O  tt  contracts.  Ultimately,  it  is  thought  probable  that  end  of  10s,  in  the  pound  will  be  realised.  burg  ii;;t  varies  N  eg  _  Onclitional  anceDta  ,t•  Berlin  despatch(  the  Offioial  men  attribute  t  l'russin•-  pted  Anst  S  repres  w STYLE=superscript  p  Ariviees  from  St.  Luders  will  take  the  Crimon  n.,  ,,  Prine  — STYLE=superscript  e  . STYLE=superscript  .der  (Viceroy)  .roiancl.  The  version  current  here,  and  confirmed  by  accounts  from  the  whole  of  Germany,  of  the  Rus  !jail  reply  to  the  Austrian  propositions  is  vet  di STYLE=superscript  fferent  from  that  in  London.  'The  language  of  the'  Russian  reply  is  41111  y  conciliatory,  and  seems  to  rende  ar STYLE=superscript  lYthirg  but  a  result  in  successful  nego,  The  Elack'Sea  is  to  be  exclusively  corm,  and  Russia  consents  to  the  erection  of  the  Da..  bian  Principalities  into  an  independent  State,  u STYLE=superscript  nder  the  suzera  i  nty  of  the  Porte.  b  Followin  g  the  'example  of  Mold  av  i  a  ,  we  l  earn,  byway  of  Vie  nna,  t  h  at  the.  Hospodar  of  Wallachia  as  announced  theintention  of  emancipating  the,  serfs  in  that  Principality.  Thenussian  organ  Le  Nord,  of  Thursday,  contains.  the  text  of  a  despatch  from  Count  Buol  to  Count  Esterhazy,:accompanying,  the  propositions  which  that  di  p  l  omatist  has  taken  to  St.  Petersburg  in  the  name  of  Austria.  In  this  despatch,  it  is  stated  that  his  Imperial  Majesty  the  Emperor  of  Austria;  though  findinr,  the  Allied  Powers  unalterably  resolved  not  to  take  the  initiative  in  pacific  over overtures,  tures, overtures,  nevertheless,  believes  himself  justified  in  expressing  the  hope  that  these  powers  continue  to  hold  the  principles  which  guided  them  at  the  outset,  and  have  no  dhjects  of  aggrandisement  in.  view.  The  Imperial  Cabinet  therefore,  encouraged  to  endeavour  to  ,procure  •  a  settlement  taking.  the  four  Russia,  as  the  best  principles  already  accepte  d  b  y  Lions  already  known  starting,  point.  The  propo  s  i  .  ,  are  then  given  ;  and  it  is  added,  that  the  signingof  these  by  the  belligerents  will  be  immediately  followed  b  y  a  general  armistice,  a  n  d  definite  ne STYLE=superscript  g  o STYLE=superscript  ciations.  Count  Buol  a  l  so  adds,  that  if  the  propositions  are  accepted,  Austria  will  not  hesitate,  warmly,  to  r STYLE=superscript  ecommend  th  e  i  r  acceptance  to  the  courts  of  Lon London  don London  and  Paris,  and  that  he  is  persuaded  the  special  conditions  will  be  no  serious  obstacle.  will  says  the  Count,  in  conclusion,  the  gr  ave  consequences  which  enter  upon  Russia  will  entail  upon  herself,  by  refusing  to  advance  •  upon  th  e  paths  which  are  a  second  time  Open  to  her,  for  ag  at  an  honourable  reconciliation  ;  a  refusal  of  which,  would  bring  upon  her.the  weight  of  an  immense  responsibility.  We  prefer  relying  on  her  wisdotn.  to  weigh  well  all  these  It  is  thus  manifest,  that  immense  exertions  have  •  bear  upon  the  Russian  Cabinet,  to  which  has  now  been  been  brought  indnn  it  to  t  offi  (+illy  -a  moclificzt  b STYLE=superscript  y  cL~  from  P.hri  tI)PCn  11T  •  e  le  Ira  the  date  of  Thorsday  . STYLE=superscript  niaht,  that  .  ro STYLE=superscript  le•are  JAndificatinn  to  t,  exchange  for  lie  fortifi(‘d  plaees  and  the  territory  occupied'  fly  the  Allied  mies,  tvhielr  Will  restore  the  4'  ified  places  and  the  territor  he  r  ro-  Occupy  in  r.-  11111dilioatien  to  the  third  proposition  1  ,  The  Bla  c  k  Sea  Will  be  macic  -  ue  Opened  to  the  theren  - STYLE=superscript  and  its  water§  navies  1  by  biuni.-1-\I  proposilio  mies  occupy  in  Asinti  Conse(fite  main  t  tined  mart,  And  this  last  ,  tbeuddition  of  these  wok,.Black  And,  with  re  s  p  t.  the  light  vessels  of  which,  in  virtue  of  an  agreement  between  Russia  and  Turkey,  will  be  kept  up  'by  -  the  Powers  having  territor  on  the  c STYLE=superscript  oasts  of  th  e  E  ux  i  ne,  for.  the  service  of  y STYLE=superscript  the  said  coasts,  this  addition  is  proposed  by  Russia,  the  service  and  protection  of  the  coasts  ,  1,  object,  accordinc,  to  M.  d  e  N  esselrode  is  to  prevent  the  sla  ve  trade  according  Oil-Cassia.  The  fourth  article  is  accepted  ;  and  the  fifth  is  suppressed,  for  its  vague  character;  and  Nesseltod  e  says,  that  any  point  to  whi  c  h  i  t  de  may  ad  hoc.  refer  Ca  n  be  discussed  in  a  congress  formed  In  discussing  the  questions  aid  relati  ve  to  the  neu neutralization  tralization neutralization  of  the  Black  Said  c STYLE=superscript  onsequently  to  the  disappe  arance  of  the  fortresses.  indispensable  to  the  taking  fr  om  it  all  military  cha  racter,  too  much  attention  cannot  be  given  to  Nicholaieff.  To  add  anything  in  the  way  of  speculation  or  conjecture  to  the  above  ,  would  be  superfluous  ;  enough  has  been  , STYLE=superscript  said  for  the  present.  )f  the  to  the  clause  ----  -  -  -  -  ---  -  .  .  Sir  Th  omas  Mitchell,  Surveyor  General  of  New  South  Wales,  died  on  the  sth  of  October  last  year,  aged  64.  His  funeral  Was  a  respected...  public  one,  th  e  d  ecease  d  having  beau  mubh  Colonel  ,Fraser  has  resigned  the  of  f STYLE=superscript  ice  of  governor  of  theHonse  of  Correctren  at  Westminster,  he  having  been  selected  to  be  chief  officer  ,of  the  Berkshire  constabulary,  now  forming.  DEATH  FROM  DuownNo.—On  Sunday  night  last  Captain  lyingßobert  Curtis,  of  the  brigantine  Warbler,  from  . STYLE=superscript  Callao,  now  in  .this  harbour,  waiting  for  orders,  .drowned  himself  by  luinpintovrbor.  It  appears  that  about  half-past  ten  o'clock  - STYLE=superscript  11  e.  canie  on  deck,  and  going  forwa  r  d  i  n  t  h  e  vessel,  co STYLE=superscript  mmented  haili  ng  a  ship  lying  at  some.  distance.  The  _  l STYLE=superscript  atob'  ore  deck  s  eeing:  hi  s  excited  manner,  went  to  speak  to  i STYLE=superscript  lim,npOn  which  h  e  i  mmed  i  ately  ran  up  the  fore  rigging.  The  man  then  ran  to  the  cabin  to  tell  the  mate,  but  when  they  got  on  deck  the  unfortunate'  captain  was  in  the  water  some  distance  from  the  vesieli  and  they  were  unable  to  snake  any  efforts  to.  save  him,  beyord  throwin?  their  b  oat  was  secured  on  deck,  ropes,  as  The  melancholy  circum circumstance  stance circumstance  cannot  he  a  ccounted  for,  as  deceased  was  extremely  temperate,  and  in  excellent  health.  Ile  bore  a  high  character,  and  Was  greatly  liked  by  his  crew.  Up'  to  the  present  time  his  remains  have  not  been  found.  —Cork  Reporter.  •  Alms  VINNING,  TL-1  INFANT  SAPPHO.  The  second  of  a  series  of  miscellaneous  concerts  vas  given  in  the  course  of  the  v^ek  at  the  Beaumont  Institution,  under  the  wen wenductorOip  ductorOip wenductorOip  of  Mr.  Frank  Mori-  The  vocalists  were  Madame  Clara  Novell°,  Miss  Louisa  Vinning  (her  first  appearance),  Millie.  COrelli,  Mr.  Sims  ReeveS  - STYLE=superscript  ,  Mr.  Far Farquharson,  quharson, Farquharson,  and  Mr.  Cooper.  Of  the  ging  of  Madame  Clara  Novell°  and  Mr.  Sims  Reeves  ides  scarcely  neces necessary  sary necessary  to  speak.  They  were  both  in  .excellent  voice,  and  were  received  with  that  cordiality  and  enthusiasm  wh  eh  they  deserve,  Butt  he  rzrelt  event  of  the  night  was  the  debut  of  Miss  Lonisa  Irinning,  a  pupil  of  Mr.  Frank  Mori.  Though  very  young..  favourite,  0  , STYLE=superscript  the  pebl  ip-...  shk.‘  is  an  old  fr  end,  a  s  we  ll  as  an  old  beta  Y.  ;-  -  Infant  Sloohn  ...,._  who  in  face,  cr STYLE=superscript  eated  so  nineh  s  nsation  in  en  rears  pe,,k.  ago.  Miss  Vinning  v  sing  long  -before  a  s;  izer.  It  is  said  of  her  th  a  t  she  caul(  to  tier  parentp  --  ..n  .  re  sh  could  s  ‘-.1.  talents..  I  --  -  -  L  , STYLE=superscript  nfldn  dentiv  )  De  a  SI  .  ..........,  ..ou  Drought  before  the  public.  The  t:  i'''l STYLE=superscript  h,  her STYLE=superscript  instructed  polls  Hocked  to  hear  the  baby-singer  ;  ii  7  1  °f  the  metro metroght  ght metroght  s  t  n  , STYLE=superscript  o  ho,weve  r  ,  lished  her  praises  throughotit  the  land.  T  4,,  t  ;  :  e STYLE=superscript  i  P  re STYLE=superscript  ss  pub pubpublic  public pubpublic  rlifse°  of  amusing  an  audience  night  after  ni  but  no;  matter  even  for  an  adult  —was  deemed,  too  In  uch  tr STYLE=superscript  fo  if STYLE=superscript  ling  young.  a  child,  and.  she  was  iVithdrawn  froDi  Thus  the  Musical  world  I  , STYLE=superscript  st  its  Infant  for  ever.  On  Mianday  evening  she  reappeared  under  h  er  actual  name,  .  and  by  her  prepossessing  personal  appear appearance  ance appearance STYLE=superscript  created  a  feeling  in  her  favour,  'Wh  . STYLE=superscript  ch  her  perrop  re  _  antes-  confi  rme  d  and  strengthened.  The  fair  debutante  possesses  a  fine  soprano  voice,  as  well  as  a.  great  amount  of  Musical  exrression.  •  She  was  loudly  applauded,  and  en encored  cored encored  in  ,  Hi  an  her  songs  ;  and,  at  the  termination  of  I  love  t  ri  Lue  by  Mr.  Fr  an  k  M  ori,  she  received  a  graceful  bute  from  the  audience  in  a  shower  of  bouquets.  We  augur  for  Miss  Vinuing  a  brilliant  future."
