text
"fialto  bi  2  Suction.  MR.  HODGKINS  will  SELL  by  AUCTION,  on  Wednesday,  the  30th  instant,  at  One  o'clock  in  the  afternoon,  at  the  Clarendon-rooms,  South  John-street,  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  in  the  following  or  such  other  lots  as  shall  Le  agreed  upon  at  the  time  of  sale,  and  subject  to  such  conditions  as  shad  be  then  and  there  produced.  Lot  1.  All  that  piece  of  LIND,  situlte  on  the  north  side  of  Sea Seacombe-st,  combe-st, Seacombe-st,  eet.  in  Everton,  containing  in  front  thereto,  including  one.half  of  the  width  of  a  common  passage  of  4  feet  wide  on  the  east  side  thereof,  g  3  feet  It  inches  or  thereabouts,  and  running  in  a  northerly  direction  along  Great  Homer-street  58  feet  4  inches  or  thereabouts,  then  running  eastwardly  83  feet  or  thereabouts,  and  running  on  the  east  side  .  long  the  said  passage  57  feet  lei  inches  or  thereabouts.  and  containing  in  the  whole  867  superficial  squa:e  yards  or  thereabouts;  together  with  the  HOUSE  and  SHOP  i  1  front  of  Great  Homer-street.  and  the  House  and  Shop  and  Bakery  at  the  corner  of  Great  Homer-street  and  Seacombe-street,  and  the  four  Houses  in  front  of  Seacombe-street,  now  in  the  respective  occupations  of  Mr.  Kaye,  Mr.  Horrocks,  Mr.  Culshaw,  Mr.  Bud Buddie,  die, Buddie,  Mr.  Darby,  and  Mr.  Jones,  and  producing  an  aggregate  reLtal  of  £ll3.  2  .s.  All  that  Piece  of  LAND,  situate  on  the  south  side  of  Ever Everton  ton Everton  Valley,  containing  in  front  thereto  and  at  the  back  severally  3Q  feet  or  thereabouts,  and  in  depth  on  the  east  and  west  sides  severally  to  James-street  g  6  feet  or  thereabouts,  and  containing  in  the  whole  384  square  yards  or  thereabouts;  together  with  the  Two  DWELLING-HOUSES  thereen  erected,  now  in  the  respective  occupations  of  Mrs.  Samuel  and  Mr.  Surr,  and  producing  an  aggregate  rental  of  £5l.  The  Tenure  of  both  lots  is  Freehold  of  Inheritance.  For  further  particulars  apply  !o  Afessrs.  Evans  &amp;  Son,  solicitors,  C,mmerce-ccurt,  Lord-street,  Liverpool.  COURT  OF  PASSAGE.-YESTERDAY  *  (BEFORE  E.  JAMES,  ESQ.,  Q.C.  ASSESSOR.)  BREACH  OF  CONTRACT.—WILSON  V.  POPE.—This  was  an  action  to  recover  damages  for  a  breach  of  contract.  The  damages  were  laid  at  £2OO.  In  June  1854,  the  plain plaintiff  tiff plaintiff  purchased  the  colonial  built  ship  Hotspur.  Having  a  desire  to  charter  her  for  Quebec,  the  plaintiff  was  anxious  to  have  her  classed,  and  placed  her  in  the  hands  of  the  defendant,  to  have  iron  knees  put  in  her  lower  hold  and  between  decks.  The  ship  sailed  for  Quebec  and  returned,  when  she  was  chartered  for  government  passengers.  She  was  then  inspected  by  3tlr.  William  Hazzledine,  the  government  surveyor,  who  found  that  sixteen  or  seventeen  knees  had  been  broken,  and  on  that  ground  he  objected  to  the  ship.  These  knees  were  repaired  at  a  cost  of  £l4l  l  is  7d,  by  Mr.  Major,  who  was  of  opinion  that  the  iron  knees  had  not  been  properly  welded  in  the  first  instance.  Tho  knees  were  broken  at  the  angle.  Several  witnesses  were  called,  who  gave  it  as  their  opinion,  that  the  knees  had  not  been  properly  welded.  For  the  defendant,  it  was  alleged,  that  the  work  had  been  properly  done,  and  that  the  broken  knees  were  attributable  to  the  severe  weather  the  ship  had  experienced  on  her  homeward  voyage,  she  being  of  soft  wood,  and  had  encoun encountered  tered encountered  a  terrific  hurricane.  Two  of  Lloyds  surveyors,  several  shipsmiths,  and  other  witnesses  were  called  for  the  defence,  each  of  whom  gave  evidence  that  the  shifting  of  the  cargo,  and  the  strains  occasioned  by  the  storm,  would  break  the  knees  of  any  vessel.  The  whole  point  in  this  case  was,  had  the  iron  knees  been  properly  welded  or  not,  at  the  time  of  the  repairs  by  the  defendant.  The  jury  were  locked  up  at  ten  o'clock,  and,  at  the  rising  of  the  court,  had  not  agreed  upon  a  verdict;  as  one  of  the  jury  said,  were  they  likely,  as  they  were  six  and  Ultimately  the  jury  returned  a  verdict  for  the  defendant.  SLANDER.—BELL  V.  DOOLEY.—In  this  action  Thomas  Bell,  shoemaker,  of  Pitt-street,  was  the  plaintiff,  and  Francis  Dooley,  shoemaker,  of  Vauxhall-road,  was  the  defendant.  It  appeared  that  the  two  parties  were  at  a  leather  sale  in  Great  Crosshall-street,  when  the  defendant  called  the  plaintiff  a  b—y  and  said  that  he  had  ran  away,  and  taken  in  all  the  leather  dealers.  It  was  alleged  that  the  defendant  had  used  the  words  in  consequence  of  the  plaintiff  having,  some  time  ago,  left  Liverpool,  and  gone  to  New  Zealand  ;  but,  upon  his  return,  had  taken  a  shop  over  which  was  the  name  of  Greenwood  and  Co.,  a  well  known  firm.  A  witness  was  called,  who  spoke  to  hearing  the  words  used  in  the  sale-room,  where  there  were  at  least  fifty  or  sixty  persons  present.  The  learned  assessor,  in  summing  up,  said  to  the  jury  :—You  have  heard  the  counsel,  and  you  have  heard  the  witnesses  ;  it  is  for  you  to  say  what  d  amages  t  h  e  p  l  a  i  nt  iff  h  as  sustained.  The  jury  gave  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff,  damages  40s.  FALSE  IMPRISONMENT.—FARLEY  V.  FORESHAW.—In  this  action  the  plaintiff,  Mr.  W.  D.  Farley,  a  tobacconist,  living  in  Renshaw-street,  was  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Richard  Foreshaw,  machinist,  of  Cornwallis  -street,  was  the  defendant  The  action  was  brought  to  recover  damages  for  false  imprison imprisonment  ment imprisonment  under  the  following  circumstances:—ln  the  month  of  January  last  the  plaintiff  had  a  pips  at  his  window  for  sale  ;  he  saw  the  defendant  looking  at  it,  and  in  about  an  hour  after  the  defendant  came  in  and  asked  to  look  at  the  pipe.  When  it  was  shown  to  him  lie  claimed  it  as  his  own  property.  Tho  plaintiff  refused  to  give  it  up,  when  a  policeman  (Wilson)  was  called  in,  and  said  he  must  have  the  pipe.  The  plaintiff  refused  to  give  it  up,  when  the  policeman,  who  was  in  private  clothes,  went  round  the  counter,  laid  hold  of  the  plaintiff  by  the  collar,  and  forcibly  took  the  pipe  from  him.  A  gentleman  said  are  a  pretty  fellow  to  come  into  a  man's  shop  in  that  way.  Who,  and  what  are  you  Wilson  said  am  a  policeman,  and  I  will  take  you  and  the  pipe  too,  if  you  do  not  The  plaintiff  was  then  taken  to  the  police  office,  when  the  charge  was  entered,  but  he  was  discharged,  having  produced  the  person  from  whom  he  had  purchased  the  pipe.  For  the  defendant  it  was  argued  that  the  pipe  was  his  property,  and  that  he  had  taken  the  policeman  with  him  to  claim  it,  and  attributed  the  blame  to  Wilson,  who,  on  being  refused  possession  of  the  pipe,  took  the  man  into  custody,  but  not  by  the  authority  of  the  defendant.  Wilson,  the  policeman,  was  called,  and  he  swore  that  he  never  had  the  plaintiff  in  custody,  hut  admitted  that  he  had  said  that  he  should  have  to  take  the  man  a  prisoner.  In  summing  up  the  evidence  the  learned  assessor  said  that  the  policeman  bad  no  right  to  hold  out  the  threat  he  hail  done,  nor  had  he  any  right  to  take  the  property  out  of  the  chop  without  a  warrant,  and  he  hoped  that  such  practices  on  the  part  of  the  police  were  not  usual  in  this  town,  as  it  was  extremely  dan dangerous  gerous dangerous  and  reprehensible.  Verdict  for  the  plaintiff,  damages  £lO.  The  court  then  adjourned.  (BEFORE  THE  REGISTRAR.)  The  Registrar  sat  in  the  Chancery  Court  at  eleven  o'clock,  or  the  purpose  of  assessing  damage  s  i  n  th  e  cases  i  n  w  hi  c  h  the  lefendant  gainst  the©  s  had  not  pleaded  defence  to  the  actions  brought  BRAND  V.  ROBINSON.—This  action  was  brought  by  the  plaintiff,  Samuel  Brand,  a  publican,  to  recover  of  the  defendant,  Thomas  Robinson,  a  wheelwright,  the  sum  of  £lO  8s  10d,  the  amount  and  costs  paid  over  and  above  a  debt  of  .£26,  the  price  of  a  van,  and  for  damages  he  had  sustained  from  having  an  execution  unjustly  put  into  his  house.  It  appeared  from  the  evidence  of  the  plaintiff  that  he  had  purchased  a  van  from  the  defentant,  and  that  he  had  paid  for  it  in  instalments  up  to  September  10th,  when  there  was  a  balance  due  of  £lO  8s  10d.  On  that  day  he  received  a  writ  and  went  and  paid  the  amount  and  the  costs  to  the  defendant.  On  the  afternoon,  however,  three  bailiffs  went  to  his  house  and  took  possession,  notwithstanding  that  he  showed  them  the  receipt  for  the  money.  Ile  then  went  to  the  defendant,  who  appeared  in  a  great  rage,  and  said  that  he  knew  nothing  whatever  of  the  bailiffs  being  on  the  premises,  and  that  he  would  go  on  the  following  morning  and  have  them  out.  This  promise  he  failed  to  carry  into  effect,  the  result  of  which  was  that  the  plaintiff  had  again  to  pay  the  £lO  Bs.  10d.,  to  recover  which  the  present  action  was  brought,  as  well  as  for  the  damage  his  character  had  sustained  in  having  bailiffs  unjustly  placed  upon  his  premises.  The  jury  returned  a  ver verdict  dict verdict  for  the  full  amount  claimed  and  £lO  for  damages.  TAYLOR  V.  TONER.—By  this  action  4  the  plaintiff,  Robert  Taylor,  a  scavanger,  sought  to  recover  from  the  defmdant,  David  Jones,  of  the  same  trade,  compensation  for  false  impri imprisonment.  sonment. imprisonment.  In  this  case  it  apppeared  that  about  seven  o'clock  in  the  morning  the  plaintiff  was  in  Queen-square,  when  he  saw  the  defendant  with  a  policeman.  The  defendant  charged  him  with  having  stolen  three  loads  of  manure,  and  gave  him  into  custody  on  the  charge.  On  being  taken  before  the  magistrates,  he  was  remanded  until  the  following  day,  when  he  was  dis discharged.  charged. discharged.  The  above  facts  were  clearly  proved,  and  the  jury  returned  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff.  Damages  205.,  with  the  middle  costs.  According  to  a  statement  published  by  the  Prussian  Moniteur,  the  census  taken  last  month  shows  the  present  population  of  Prussia  to  be  17,178,091  souls.  THR  COUNTY  MAGISTRACY  AND  TURNIP  STRALING.—On  Friday  last,  three  women  were  sentenced  by  the  county  magistrates  at  Stratford-on-Avon  to  seven  days'  imprison imprisonment  ment imprisonment  each,  for  stealing  six  turnips.  According  to  a  correspondent  of  the  Iford,  the  Emperor  of  the  French  preserves  in  all  its  integrity,  at  the  Palace  of  the  Elysee,  the  famous  cabinet  in  which  the  coop  d'etat  of  Dec.  2,  1851,  was  prepared.  Here  is  the  secret  drawer  containing  the  bundle  of  papers,  orders  of  arrest,  procla proclamations,  mations, proclamations,  &amp;c.,  tied  together,  the  wrapper  bearing  the  one  CHRISTMAS  IN  TAE  CRIBIEA.—A  correspondent  writes,  under  date  Balaklava,  Dec.  24  It  is  to  be  hoped  that  all  the  grand  folks  in  England  are  as  well  provided  for  Christmas  as  we  in  every  department  are  here.  It  does  one's  heart  good  to  see  the  grand  preparations  for  the  festival.  Geese,  turkeys,  pigs,  sheep,  and  bullocks,  are  in  great  plenty,  and  it  is  a  charming  sight  to  see  the  steamer  coming  into  Balaklava,  garnished  all  round  with  dead  poultry,  which  is  soon  sold.  The  Earl  of  Durham  bad  a  string  of  geese  hung  round  her.  1  am  sorry,  how however,  ever, however,  to  say  she  lost  on  the  voyage  about  twelve  bullocks  and  t,O)  fowls.  I  fancy  other  vessels  had  lost  the  same  in  proportion,  for  yesterday,  off  Balaklava,  I  passed  through  quite  a  sea  of  dead  poultry.  AUSTRALIANI4AIL  COMPANY.-  On  Wednesday  a  meeting  of  shareholders  in  the  Australian  Royal  Mail  Company  took  place  at  the  offices  of  the  company.  Mr.  Tootal  in  the  chair.  Mr.  Henry  Willis  snbmitted  his  ♦iews  as  to  the  propriety  of  employing  the  steamers  of  the  company  in  the  establish establishing  ing establishing  of  a  line  between  Sydney  and  Panama.  Mr.  T.  G.  Taylor  complained  that  the  government  offered  no  encour encouragement  agement encouragement  to  such  an  undertaking.  He  express(  d  a  belief  that  such  a  line  would  pay  without  a  goverment  subsidy;  but  he  thought  that  as  the  shareholders  are  anxious  to  wind  the  company  up,  it  would  be  better  for  those  who  advocated  the  establishment  of  the  line  proposed,  to  form  a  new  conc.  pany,  and  purchase  the  steamers,  which  might  be  sold  on  terms  advantageous  to  both.  Mr.  Sidney  Gurney  moved,  and  Mr.  Howes  seconded,  a  resolution  condemning  the  proposed  line,  which  was  unanimously  carried.  At  the  close  of  the  proceedings  it  was  announced  that  during  the  meeting  a  communication  had  been  received  from  the  government,  which  will  probably  result  in  the  company's  vessels  being  again  chartered  for  the  war  service.  This  at  once  termi terminated  nated terminated  the  discussion."
