text
"HEALTH  COMMITTEE  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  the  health  committee  was  held  yesterday,  at  half-past  two  o'clock,  in  the  Town-hall,  Mr.  Alderman  Dover  in  the  chair.  The  other  gentlemen  present  were,  Messrs.  M‘Guifie,  Beck Beckwith,  with, Beckwith,  Crosthwaite,  Sheil,  Tinne,  Halhead,  Haydock,  Godfrey,  and  Johnson.  The  - STYLE=superscript  Medical  officer  of  health  reported,  that  the  mor morttlwrh,tialoarleaesweel  ttlwrh,tialoarleaesweel morttlwrh,tialoarleaesweel  decrease  cri  t  lnkwe  y  enaseasoghe  d  dtsfeie  u  i  fkpbti  t  r  iosie:g  i  u.fe  n  e;  g  2:pww6Ts  t  r2he  h  eii  iwlevni  e  esluieeto  w  srldilae:  e  etegsih  e  altia  k  enaetniiivolng  e  secrsit  n  it:alt  d  bfre2lr  i  ryeio  i  lete  i  epyc  g  niaai  ore  t  risr  l  fddi  l  nesw  e  itissliei  .  G  aevaseac  t  escb  :  ine  i  ltosadsi  instant,orvogooef.  average  of  ty3ghootielihiff,one  thet7ti  1,10  show  e  d  9de,nwi2eis,lun  gs  weeks  proceeding,  r  and  last  week  74.  Corresponding  With  this  decrease,  there  has  been  an  increase  of  temperature.  The  mean,  which  o  re  r  vi  t  o  h  u  e  s  s  w  am  ee  e  ks  p  ,  e  a  r  v  io  e  d  ra  o  g  frm  averaged  more  than  8  degrees  years,  w  been  4  3  degrees.  The  wind  blew  from  th  e  sou  th-  eas  t,  a  last  a  s  i STYLE=superscript  t  n STYLE=superscript  week  t  h  ebe  lo  w  two  more  thatp STYLE=superscript  than  two  degrees  abov  e  it,  havin  g  and  about  a  quarter  of  an  inch  of  rain  fell  during  the  week.  70  deaths  were  recorded  from  disease  of  the  reymotic  class,  and  of  these  24  were  from  the  hooping  cough,  the  largest  weekly  mortality  yet  recorded  from  that  disease.  From  scarlatina,  the  deaths  were  21,  typhus,  6,  measles,  5,  (less  than  in  any  week  of  the  pre previous  vious previous  four  months),  smallpox,  2,  syphilis,  2.  The  deaths  above  60  years  of  age  were  21,  the  number  in  the  pre previous  vious previous  week  having  been  32  The  memorial  from  the  inhabitants  of  Newby-terrace,  Belmont-road  s  complaining  of  deficient  light  and  sewerage,  which  was  referred  from  the  council  on  Wed Wednesday,  nesday, Wednesday,  was  brought  before  the  committee.  Mr.  Beckwith  said  he  believed  part  of  the  terrace  was  not  in  the  borough,  Mr.  Crostliwaite  said  the  whole  of  the  terrace  was,  but  the  road  was•not  in  the  borough.  Mr.  Tinne  suggested  that  the  committee  should  merely  confine  themselves  to  what  referred  to  the  sew sewerage,  erage, sewerage,  with  which  alone  they  had  anything  to  do,  as  the  lighting  question  was  referred  to  the  watch  com committee.  mittee. committee.  If  the  inhabitants  of  Walton  had  adopted  the  public  health  act  they  would  be  in  a  position  to  meet  the  committee  half  way  by  bearing-  a  proportion  of  the  expense;  but  until  they  did  so,  he  did  not  think  the  committee  could  do  anything,  as  any  sewer  or  other  work  they  undertook  there  would  benefit  as  much  that  part  which  was  outside  the  borough,  as  that  which  was  inside.  _  _  Mr.  Godfrey  moved  that  proceedings  by  indictment  be  taken  against  the  surveyors  of  Walton  for  the  nuisances  complained  of.  Crosthwaite  moved  a  direct  negative.  Mr.  Tinne  thought  the  council  would  never  approve  o  f  th  e  committe  taking  such  proce  !dings.  .Jr.  Shell  second  e  d  M  r  .  G  o  df  rey  '  s  motion.  After  some  conversation,  however,  it  was  agreed  that  the  memorial  should  be  referred  to  a  deputation,  which  should  wait  upon  the  surveyors  of  Walton,  previous  to  any  proceedings  being  taken.  A  resolution  was  la  — STYLE=superscript  id  before  the  committee,  from  the  special  committee  appointed  to  consider  the  question  of  the  removal  from  Cornwallis-street  of  the  Public  Offices.  The  resolution  was,  that  the  surveyor  and  borough  engineer,  make  a  report  upon  the  probable  cost  of  the  buildings  proposed  to  be  erected  in  Dale-street,  and  the  amount  which  might  be  expected  to  be  Qbtained  for  the  site,and  materials  in  Cornwallis-street.  A  resolution  was  also  laid  before  the  council  from  the  watch  committee,  as  to  the  adoption  of  stained  glass  sheets  bearing  the  names  of  the  streets  in  the  public  lamps.  The  resolution  stated,  that  subject  to  the  approval  of  the  health  committee,  the  watch  committee  were  willing  that  the  experiment  should  be  tried,  with  a  dozen  of  the  street  lamps  in  the  first  instance,  as  an  experiment.  After  a  short  conversation,  the  committee  declined  to  take  any  step  in  the  matter,  leaving  to  the  watch  com committee  mittee committee  to  act  as  they  deemed  fit.  This  concluded  the  public  business.  MURDER,  AND  SUICIDE  IN  FRANCE.  - STYLE=superscript  --The  house  of  M.  Dezombre,  a  landed  proprietor  in  the  commune  of  Guinea  (Pas  de  Calais),  has  just  been  the  scene  of  a  murder  and  suicide  committed  under  the  following  circumstances  :—An  old  woman  of  about  62,  who  has  resided  in  the  house  since  she  was  a  girl,  and  had  therefore  acquired  all  the  confidence  of  her  master,  was  the  complete  mandger  of  the  household  affairs.  She  had  under  her  a  young  matt  of  about  25,  who  was,  in  the  opinion  of  the  old  dame,  rather  too  fond  of  pleasure,  and  he  consequently  - STYLE=superscript  at  times  received  sharp  lectures  on  the  subject,  although  on  the  whole  they  got  on  pretty  well  together.  A  few  days  since,  however,  some  workmen  on  entering  the  house  were  horrified  on  seeing  the  dead  body  of  the  old.servant  lying  on  the  ground  with  further  the  a  dreadful  gash  across  ithe  face,  which  extended  from  the  temple  through  the  nose.  By  the  side  of  the  body  was  a  -  large  pair  of  bellows,  such  as  are  used  in  old  farm  kitchens.  Some  hair  was  attached  to  the  iron  pipe  of  the  bellowe,  in  n  e  th  to  e  which  seemed  to  show  that  it  was  with  that  utensil  that  the  dean  b  m  o  ty  y  d  eorf  the  ed  youngbeen  man  wascommitted.  o  u  nOdn  hangingse  a  rch  .  in  g  under  a  shed,  and  on  the  door  of  the  kitchen  was  written  in  chalk— chalkname  name chalkname  by  which  M.  Dezombre  was  designated.  This  affair  `  i  l  i  S  s  h  p  e  ro  t  d  h  u  r  c  e  e  a  d  ten  t  e  ,  d  gr  to  eat  co  m  m  en  pl  s  a  a  i  t  n  io  o  n  f  &amp;Upon::  ,  ,  Tilt  RUGILIY  POISONINGS  Our  attention  has  been  called  to  some  of  the  many  unfounded  reports  in  circulation  in  this  case,  and  which,  as  they  tend  to  keep  the  public  mind  in  a  state  of  excite.  ment,  and  are  calculated  to  act  in  a  way  prejudicitl  to  the  accused,  we  think  it  right  to  give  publicity  to  the  following,  which  may  be  relied  on  as  authentic  :—The  reports  in  general  circulation  that  Palmer  had  insured  his  wife's  life  for  the  sum  of  £13,000  is  not  true—the  sum  being  £8,000;  and  it  appears  that  such  assurance  was  effected  to  cover  the  value  of  Palmer's  interest  in  property  at  Stafford,  worth  about  £3OO  per  annum,  which  property,  on  the  death  of  Mrs.  Palmer,  would  revert  to  another  family.  •  In  this  case,  therefore,  Palmer  had  a  bona  fide  pecuniary  interest  in  his  wife's  life,  and  that  assurance  appears,  therefore,  to  have  been  properly  and  fairly  made  to  cover  the  loss  which  her  decease  would,  and  did,  occasion.  We  are  also  assured  that  many  of  the  other  reports  in  general  circulation  are  destitute  of  truth.  The  story  about  the  late  Lord  George  Bentincic  seems  to  have  no  foundation  whatever,  as  it  appears  that  at  the  time  of  -his  1  miship's  death  Palmer  was  scarcely  known  on  the  Turf,  and  certainly  had  no  betting  transactions  with  his  lordship.  The  rumour  as  to  the  supposed  sudden  and  mysterious  death  of  the  late  Colonel  Brooke,  Palmer's  father-in-law,  is  even  m  ore  groun  dl  ess  ,  as  i  t  would  seem  that  Palmer  did  not  know  the  Colonel,  who  died  while  Palmer  was  a  mere  youth.  Another  report  seems  to  have  gained  general  credence—viz  ,  that  Pal Palmer  mer Palmer  had,  in  reality,  no  medical  qualification.  We  are  assured  that  Palmer  passed  through  the  regular  course  of  study  and  duties  at  St.  Bartholomew's  hospital,  and  that  the  records  of  Apothecaries'  Hall,  and  of  the  Royal  College  of  Surgeons,  will  testify  as  to  the  full  medical  qualifications  possessed  by  the  accused.  With  these  and  many  other  similar  reports  in  circulation  we  feel  that  we  are  only  doing  right  in  directing  the  public  attention  '0  the  facts  now  stated  ;  and  as  the  prisoner  has  had  no  opportunity  of  explaining  any  of  the  numerous  charges  laid  at  his  door,  we  think  it  will  be  well  if  these  reports  be  received  with  great  caution  by  the  public,  as  an  act  only  of  justice  to  the  accused,  until  he  has  the  opportun opportunity  ity opportunity  of  meeting  and  answering  them.  The  charges  in  themselves  are  fearful  enough  to  bear,  and  we  think  there  is  a  spirit  in  Englishmen  which  desires  that  no  man  shall  be  unduly  prejudiced  till  he  be  placed  on  his  trial,  and  justice  dealt  out  with  an  even  handed  mea measure.—Sun  sure.—Sun measure.—Sun  of  last  night,  The  sentence  of  death  on  Daniel  Lordon,  convicted  of  murdering  his  wife,  has  been  commuted  to  transportation  fbr  life.  A  FACT  I'OR  MR.  MACAULAY.—Dr.  Lushingtrn  stated  in  the  Admiralty  Court,  on  Tu•-sday,  that  forty  years  ago  he  was  coun.el  in  a  cause  relating  to  the  very  ship  which  brought  William  111.  to  this  country.  One  hundred  and  twenty  men  of  the  2nd  Royal  Cheshire  Militia,  volunteered  their  services  to  the  line  on  Saturday  last.  The  majority  of  the  men  have  been  selected  for  the  2nd  - STYLE=superscript  Dragoon  Guards  (the  Queen's  Bays).  •  •  -  Flow  TO  GAIN  PaUSSIA.—Let  nur  Ambassador  to  the  Court  of  Berlin  represent  to  his  Majesty  seriously,  at  the  proper  hour  after  dinner,  that  the  Allies  comprehend  France,  England,  Sardinia,  and  Turkey.  The  King  will  tben  see  that  Russia  has  arrayed  against  her  no  less  than  eight  Powers  —Punch.  Letters  from  Barcelona  announce  that  there  have  been  fresh  disorders  there.  A  workman  employed  in  M.  Rose's  factory  having  been  discharged,  a  mob  of  a  hundred  united  operatives  attacked  the  house  and  did  great  damage.  Some  pistol  shots  were  firea,  but  happily  without  effect.  The  arrival  of  some  troops  restored  order.  POST-OFFICE  DEFALCATION.—We  learn  from  Dublin  that  yesterday  Mr.  Richard  Jones,  tea-dealer  of  Grafton Graftonstreet,  street, Graftonstreet,  in  that  city,  and  who  there  kept  a  post-office  receiv receiving  ing receiving  box,  was  yesterday  arrested  on  a  charge  of  appropriating  the  contents  of  letters  deposited  with  him  for  transmission,  and  had  been  committed  for  trial  on  the  charge.  The  magistrates  fixed  the  amount  of  bail  for  the  appearance  -of  the  accused  to  answer  the  charge  at  £l,OOO.  LIEUTENANT  COLONEL  EDWARDES.—This  distingnished  officer,  so  long  known  as  Major  Edwardes,  and  whose  fame  is  world  wide,  has  been  promoted  to  the  rank  of  lieutenant  -colonel  in  the  army,  a  promotion  which  is  understood  to  be'  the  'prelude  to  a  command  in  the  next  campaign.  For  his  services  in  1848  Major  Edwardes  was,  by  an  extra  act  of  the  East  India  Company,  promoted  from  the  rank  of  lieutenant  to  that  of  major.  He  also  received  a  gold  medal,  and  the  rank  of  C.B.  A  COLLIERY  FILLED  WITH  WATER.--GATEsnsAn,  Jan.  B.—This  morning,  in  the  Shipcote  colliery,  about  a  mile  from  Gateshead,  the  water  rushed  throu&amp;h  into  the  workings  of  the  new  mine,  and  in  a  short  time  filled  them,  ascending  some  feet  up  to  the  shaft.  The  drifts,  it  appears,  had  been  pushed  too  near  to  an  old  working  at  the  Felling,  where  there  was  a  considerable  lodgment  of  water,  and  the  barrier  being  insufficent,  from  the  strata  being  of  a  very  porous  character.  The  workmen  were  employed  at  the  time,  but  they  had  sufficient  opportunity  to  escape,  and  it  is  satisfac satisfactory  tory satisfactory  to  learn  that  no  lives  have  been  lost.  The  pit  has  been  since  drained.  THE  BIRMINGHAM  CHAMBER  or  COMMERCE.--A  meeting  of  the  Council  of  the  Birmingham  Chamber  of  Commerce  was  Meld  at  the  offices,  Bennett's-hill,  on  Wednesday,  the  9th  instant.  The  president,  Richard  Spooner,  Esq.,  MT.,  occupied  the  chair;  and  there  were  also  present—G.  F.  Muntz,  Esq.,  M.P.,  Messrs.  S.  S.  Lloyd,  J.  D.  Goodman,  W.  Mathews,  P.  H.  Moritz,  Edward  Gem,  &amp;c.  The  meeting  was  made  special  for  the  purpose  of  taking  into  consideration  the  present  state  of  the  monetary  laws,  and  after  considerable  discussion,  the  following  resolution  was  passed,  namely  That  it  is  the  opinion  of  this  council  that  it  will  be  found  impossible,  without  great  injury  to  every  interest,  to  carry  on  the  war  to  an  issue  consistent  with  the  honour  and  safety  of  the  country,  under  the  present  monetary  system,  and  that  it  is  the  incumbent  duty  of  parliament  to  take  into  immediate  consideration  the  pffect  produced  by  the  acts  of  1819  and  1844,  with  the  view  of  calling  out  the  energy  and  power  of  the  The  Secretary  was  directed  to  forward  a  copy  of  the  foregoing  resolution  to  each  of  the  Chambers  of  Commerce  in  the  kingdom,  requesting  their  opinion  thereon,  and  inviting  their  co-operation  in  bringing  the  matter  before  parliament.  THE  CHILD  MURDERS  IN  THE  METROPOLIS.-At  the  Central  Crimininal  Court,  on  Wednesday'  the  judges,  Mr.  Baron  Martin  and  Mr.  Justice  Crowder,  were  occupied  in  trying  the  cases  of  child  murder  which  have  recently  created  so  much  painful  excitement  throughout  the  country.  The  first  case  was  that  of  Mary  M'lsleill,  aged  25,  c  h  arge  d  with  the  wilful  murder  of  two  of  her  children.  It  will  be  remembered  that  the  accused  was  found  by  the  landlord  of  the  house  in  which  she  lodged  sitting  calmly  at  the  fire,  while  the  bodies  of  the  two  infants  were  lying  with  their  throats  cut,  in  the  same  apartment.  She  admitted  the  act  to  have  been  committed  by  her  hand,  but  at  the  trial  it  was  shown  that  the  unfortunate  prisoner  was  of  unsound  mind,  her  father  having  destroyed  himself  while  an  incurable  lunatic  in  an  asylum,  and  she  herself  having  had  her  mind  affected  ever  since  the  birth  of  her  last  child.  The  jury  acquited  the  prisoner  on  the  ground  of  insanity,  and  she  was  ordered  to  be  detained  in  custody  during  her  Majesty's  pleasure.  The  same  was  the  result  of  a  second  case,  that  of  Sarah  Allen,  aged  33,  charged  with  the  murder  of  three  of  her  chi'dren  by  drowning  them  in  the  river  Thames.  It  will  be  remembered  that  the  prisoner  took  out  her  little  victims  from  her  husband's  house,  an]  In  a  short  time  after afterwards  wards afterwards  they  were  found  floating  in  the  river.  Unquestionable  evidence  of  the  existence  of  a  mind  labouring  under  irre irremovable  movable irremovable  delusions  was  given,  and  the  jury  returned  a  similar  verdict  to  that  in  the  preceding  case,  and  the  court  pro pronouncal  nouncal pronouncal  a  similar  order  for  the  detention  of  the  prisoner.  Porsosis.—The  fearful  cases  of  poisoning  which  have  been,  and  still  form,  the  subject  of  judicial  inquiry,  impart  addi additional  tional additional  interest  to  the  following  narrative  of  facts  :—A  phy physician  sician physician  was  the  other  day  suddenly  summoned  to  the  bedside  of  a  gentleman  who  was  thought  to  be  in  extremig.  On  arriving  at  the  house  he  found  two  other  medical  attendants,  who  had  been  unable  to  grapple,  to  their  own  satisfaction,  with  the  formidable  symptoms  which  the  patient  exhibited,  and  were  therefore  desirous  of  a  third  opinion,  the  patient  in  great  pain,  his  face  swollen,  his  eyes  forced  out  -in  horrible  convexity,  and  glaring  with  l  an  unnatural  brightness.  A  consu  l  tat  i  on  po:  4,  i  p  t  wasaee  and  antidotes  for  vegetable  1  .  poison  being  administered,  agreed  that  a  strict  in  v  es  ti  gat  i  on  once  s  hotldat  l-r STYLE=superscript  e STYLE=superscript  be  set  on  foot.  It'was  ascert  t  ined  that  the  patient  had STYLE=superscript  been  in  the  habit  of  drinking  ash-leaf  tea,  some  of  it  was  prod  uce  d,  family  medical  attendant  incautiously  drank  half  a  wine  The  glass  of  it,  and  was  very  soon  se  zed  with  symptoms  similar  to  those  under  which  the  patient  laboured,  and  which  were  now  discovered  to  resemble  the  usual  results  of  belladonna.  Tests  for  that  poison  were  immediately  applied  with  success,  and  then  powerful  remedies  given,  both  to  the  original  patient  and  to  the  new  one,  for  that  special  ,poison.  After  a  severe  struggle,  both  gentlemen  gradually  reco recovor  vor recovor STYLE=superscript  at  ered. STYLE=superscript  a  It STYLE=superscript  appeard  that  the  ash-leaves  had  b  een  appl  i  ed  f  herbali'  shop,  which  the  physician  visited  ;  and,  on  asking  for  some  more  ash-leaves,  a  paper  bag  was  pro produced  duced produced  from  a  corner.  It  was  without  label  or  any  means  of  distinguishing  the  contents  from  those  of  the  hundred  other  paper  bags  that  were  lying  about.  Ho  inquired  whether  hie  patient  bad  been  supplied  from  that  hag,  and  was  answered  it  the  affirmative.  He  examined  the  leaves,  and  found  them  to  be  leaves  of  the-  belladonna  plant  !  Public  attention  cannot  be  too  strongly  drawn  to  this  fact.  In  this  country  herb  shops  are  universally  kept  by  persons  in  no  way  qualified  to  deal  with  the  dangerous  and  deadly  powers  of  many  of  the  drugs  they  sell.  it  happened  fortunately  that,  in  the  present  instance,  the  victim  is  in  good  circumstances,  and  was  therefore,  able  to  procure  the  best  medical  treatment  in  the  promptest  manner  ;  but  herb-shops  abound  in  poor  neighbourhoods,  and  herbs  are  chiefly  the  medicines  of  the  poor,  taken  and  administered  empirically  and  ignorantly.  In  such  cues  it  is  necessarily  impossible  to  detect  mistakes.  Deaths  may  occur  amongst  the  humbler  claws,  of  which  we  hear  nothing,  and  the  origin  of  which,  if  thoroughly  investigated,  n•  fight  be  traced  to  some  poitonoue  herb  bought  from  8  herb.shop•  TRADE  REPORT  TIIIIRSDAt  CorroN:  The  market  continues  quiet  to-di  y,  the  trad  purchasing  very  sparingly,  and  holders,  although  offerin  freely,  do  not  so  eagerly  press  sales,  and  prices  remain  the  same  as  yesterday.  The  sates,  including  100  Pernambuco,  at  6&amp;d  to  61d;  100  Bahia,  at  56d  to  60;  400  Egyptian,  at  6d  to  7d;  and  300  Surat,  at  31  to  41,  are  reported  6,  000  bales,  of  which  1,000  are  on  speculation  and  for  export.  SCOTCH  PIG  IRON  :  Our  market  for  warrants  closed  at  75s  for  cash.  1,000  tons  were  done  at  this  price,  cash  in  one  month.  ASHES  No  sales.  ARGODS  :  160  cases  of  Perugias  and  Bologna's  at  823  6d.  CONCENTRATED  LEMON  JUICE  :  27  pipes  at  10,  all  for  the  trade.  OLIVE  OIL  :  The  good  demand  continues.  14  tuns  Malta  at  £5O  151,10  tuns  Taranto  at  £53  103,  6  tuns  Malaga  at  £5l  15s,  15  tuns  Seville,  £5l  lOs  to  £52.  CASTOR  OIL  :  50  cases  at  7i.1.  SHUMAC:  100  bags  Sicily  at  previous  rates.  LIQUORICE  JUICE  :  5  cases  Corizlisno  at  105  g.  ROMAN  VITRIOL  :  5  ensleg  .2C,  a  1  Oi.  Roam:  Selling  in.,sthall  lots  at  4s  G  I  N  'TRATE  0:  SODA  retail  WAX  :  7  cases  E.  I.  sold  £7  23  611  for  yellow  EPSOM  SALTS  retailed  at  83  3  IMa'l%),  yr  the  T,  J  anua  CFI  tICLOTTE,  ation  w  41&gt;\  8  9-10ths  fe  VILSUiN,  br,  its  large  ear  Wit  7eet.  L  IRON  SHIP  rtRY  and  C  The  ver  'OWN  &amp;t  )R  SAL  845,  and  classed  A  1  for  ecially  snrvevel  A  t  f"
