text
"----.......,_-  In  our  publication  of  yesterday  the  name  of  the  inspector  of  letter  carriers,  in  the  case  of  Stevenson,  was  printed  it  should  have  been  G.  PonTroAL.—The  screw  steamer  Cintra  arrived  here  from  Lisbon  last  night,  after  a  passage  of  five  dap,  bringing  advices  from  that  part  to  the  26th  January.  As  the  Cintra  was  leaving  the  Tagus,  she  passed  the  screw  steamer  Sultan,  from  Southampton.  gainz  in.  We  have  received  List)3rt  papers  of  the  26:h,  bat  t]ey  contain  no  news  of  viteres  -LANE  MUTUAL  IMPROVEMENT  SOCIETY  :  heir  '  , STYLE=superscript  mins  on  Woh  The  suhjiTt  was,  has  won  by  irman  ann  ,uneed  an  essay  on  ROYAL  INsTrrurtnN  S  TiolL.—At  the  late  degree  ex_  lination  at  Cquhridge,  INIc.  W.  G;en,  formerly  educated  this  school,  and  son  of  G.  Glen,  E,q.,  of  this  town,  the  place  of  231  among  the  wrangh  rs,  or  first  class  the  mathematical  trips.  Mr.  W.  !tees,  Canning•-seholar  the  Royal  Institati  School,  lately  gained  the  Halsean  perceive  hr  an  advertise.mert  in  another  part  of  our  that  Mr.  M'Carthy  is  to  deliver  a  course  of  lecture  Civtlis  ttion  of  the  Celtic  Race,  in  the  Hall  . STYLE=superscript  of  the  Irlstitute,  lope  stree',  and  from  the  great  interest  by  his  dissertation  on  Irish  History,  which  appeared  Nation  newspaper  a  few  years  since,  we  have  reason  at  the  public  will  enjoy  a  correct  and  proper  he  real  condition  of  the  Cultic  people  in  those  early  t  F.GED  POISONING  CASE  AT  IkIANCHESTEE.  — STYLE=superscript  This  I STYLE=superscript  —at  the  evidence  of  lir.  at  very  clear--the  urgeon,  is  2:  from  abad  mory.  The  prisoners  rain  remanded.  In  connection  with  the  ,  Mr.  Bradlaugh  Lad  previously  brought  a  charge  )  men,  named  Terenee  M'Loughlin  and  James  irged  a  will  purporting  to  be  a  will  of  3.  After  some  unimportant  evidence  vas  remanded  until  Monday,  to  afford  portunity  of  obtaining  the  original  MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL.  LIVERPOOL,  THURSDAY  EVENING,  The  Liverpool  Cotton  Market  continues  to  show  great  firmness,  and  to-day  a  large  business  was  done  at  very  full  prices.  The  sales  amount  to  15,000  bales,  and  include  6,000  taken  for  specula speculation  tion speculation  and  expert.  The  following  is  a  statement  of  th  3  quantity  of  American  cotton  now  at  sea:—  SAVANNAH  NEW  ORLEANS."
