text
"that  province,  is  about  to  increase  the  garrison  of  Belgrade.  Several  German  journals  copy  an  extract  from  a  Russian  paper,  which  states  that  the  Emperor  Nicholas  will  not  hear  of  negotiations  until  the  Turks  shall  have  re-crossed  the  Danube  Private  letters  from  Vienna,  dated  the  evening  of  the  14th,  mention  that  it  was  positively  asserted  that  Galatz  and  Ibraila  had  been  attacked  by  the  Turks.  The  former  town  is  in  Moldavia,  on  the  left  bank  of  the  Danube;  the  latter  in  Wallachia,  on  the  same  side  of  the  river.  Private  letters  from  Jassy,  of  the  6th,  anncilince  that  the  Russians  were  sending  their  sick  and  wounded  to  Kircheneau,  a  telyr.  '  2 STYLE=superscript  .(J  e  ssar  ab  ia  .  The  number  of  sick  ;vas  increasing  every  day,  so  much  So  that  the  hospitals  of  Wallachia  and  Moldavia  were  insufficient  to  contain  them:  -The  following  are  the  terms,  in  Which  the  Sul Sultan  tan Sultan  expressed  to  the  Divan  his  resolution  of  plac placing  ing placing  himself  at  the  head  of  the  army:—  My  worthy  Vizir,  .  .  I  cannot  sufficiently  congratulate  myself  upon  the  zeal  and  enthusiasm  of  my  troops,  upon  the  devotion  and  fidelity  of  kny  functionaries;  senti sentiments  ments sentiments  which  my  subjects  in  general  have  never  ceased,  on  the  occasion  of  all  the  preparations  that  have  taken  place,  to  show  me  ever  since  the  day  that  there  appeared  a  probability  that  the  dif difference  ference difference  between  my  imperial  geverntherit  and  Russia  would  end  in  wan  regards  the  present—the  state  Of  war  being  a  certainty—l  do  not  doubt  in  the  least  tkat  every  man  is  ready  to  lend  his  support  with  eagerness,  and  to  fulfil  his  duties.  the  real  cause  of  this  war  consists  only  in  the  praiseworthy  resolution  to  maintain  the  sacred  rights  and  the  'independence  of  my  empire,  relying  on  the  almighty  power  of  the  Creator  of  all  things,  and  invoking  the  holy  spirit  of  our  Prophet,  I  have  decided,  with  God's  will,  to  be  present  at  the  accomplishment  of  such  a  dilty  in  the  first  days  of  spring.  It  is,  therefore,  advisable  to  provide  at  once  for  the  preparations  which  ai  r  y  suite  will  demand,  and  the  first  general  quarters  of  my  guard  will  be  at  Adria Adrianople,  nople, Adrianople,  It  is  urgent  that  all  that  is  necessary  for  the  :troops  which  will  be  under  my  command  be  prepared  beforehand.  You  must,  therefore,  in  concert  with  my  minis ministers,  ters, ministers,  hasten  to  take  all  the  necessary  measures.  May  the  Most  High,  out  of  love  for  his  Prophet,  render  my  empire  victorious  and  triumphant  on  all  occasions  ;  and  may  all  those  who  contribute  to  the  success  of  this  task  obtain  happiness  in  this  world  and  in  the  next  Paris  letters  of  Thursday  evening  state  that  a  report  has  been  current  to-day  that  the  English  and  French  Governments  had  come  to  an  understand understanding  ing understanding  as  to  the  use  to  be  made-of  their  fleets,  now  that  they  have  found  their  way  to  Constantinople,  and  that  they  were  determined  that  they  should  be  im immediately  mediately immediately  sent  into  the  Black  Sea,  to  act  with  energy  on  behalf  of  the  Turks.  •It  would  have  been  well  for  the  world  if  that  resolution  had  been  adopted  months  ago  ;  but  it  is  to  be  apprehended  that  even  now  it  is  without  foundation.  But  besides  this,  the  winter  navigation  of  the  Black  Sea  is  so  difficult  that  it  would  be  a  service  of  danger,  to  which  it  might  be  imprudent  to  expose  the  fleets  without  absolute  necessity.  (The  following  appeared  in  our  Second  Edition  of  yesterday.)"
