text
"citizen  PRIVY  COUNCIL.—Her  Majesty  will  hold  a  privy  council  this  day,  (Thursday),  at  Windsor  Castle.  Mr.  Henry  Eliot,  son  of  Lord  Minto,  is  appointed  secre secretary  tary secretary  of  legation  at  Vienna.  BANKRUPTCY.—On  yesterday,  before  Commissioner  Perry,  Stephen  Coute,  of  this  town,  slater  and  plasterer,  obtained  a  first-class  certificate.  Yesterday  a  lad  named  Thomas  M'Lawland  was  warming  himself  by  the  fire,  when  his  clothes  became  ignited,  and  he  was  most  seriously  burned.  ACCIDENTS.  —Yesterday  two  men  named  James  Ireland,  and  Thomas  M'Annesly  were  seriously  injured  while  engaged  in  their  employment,  by  heavy  bales  of  goods  falling  upon  theni.  A  young  man  named  Jenkins,  employed  on  the  railway  at  Stirling,  has  just  been  arrested,  on  a  charge  of  abstracting  certain  jewels  sent  by  the  rail  last  year,  and  which  he,  in  his  capacity  as  clerk,  had  an  opportunity  of  abstracting.  Tha  annual  dinner,  to  celebrate  the  foundation  of  the  Mercantile  Travellers'  schools,  was  held  in  London  on  Tues Tuesday  day Tuesday  evening.  The  Lord  Mayor  presided.  The  total  sub subscription  scription subscription  was  £2OOO.  The  Cape  Colonist  records  the  ceremonial  of  the  foundation  of  a  Roman  Catholic  church  at  Fort  Beaufort,  eastern  dis district  trict district  of  Cape  Town,  on  the  loth  October  last.  The  Right  Rev.  Dr.  Devereaux  was  the  celebrant  bishop.  Mr.  Joseph  Hume,  jun.,  Mr.  Trinon,  and  Mr.  F.  Bate Bateman,  man, Bateman,  have  been  named  commissioners  to  inquire  into  the  causes  which  may  have  led  to,  or  aggravated  the  late  out outbreak  break outbreak  of  cholera  at  Newcastle.  A  letter  in  a  Dublin  journal  complains  that  Dr.  Hincks,  a  distinguished  Protestant  clergyman  in  Ireland,  is  about  to  abandon  his  efforts  to  decipher  the  Babylonish  inscriptions  copied  by  Layard,  in  con  Sequence  of  the  'discouragement  of  the  government,  and  of  the  efforts  of  the  Scotch  friends  of  Colonel  Rawlinson.  ACCIDENT  LAST  NIGHT.—Mrs.  Taylor,  a  married  woman,  in  endeavouring  to  get  into  the  Woodside  boat  from  the  Liverpool  landing-stage,  yesterday  evening,  fell  into  the  water,  and  was,  with  much  difficulty,  extricated  from  her  perilous  position,  after  being  several  minutes  in  the  river.  The  steamers  were  putting  off  at  the  time,  and  she  rushed  inside  the  chain  endeavouring  to  reach  the  boat.  •  SERIOUS  ACClDENT.—Yesterday,  a  man  named  George  Holland,  while  engaged  in  the  Kirkdale  works,  was  assisting  in  the  process  of  blasting,  he  incautiously  went  too  near  the  gunpowder,  which  exploded,  and  he  was  most  seriously  in injured.  jured. injured.  It  is  expected  that  his  sight  will  not  again  be  restored,  he  being  chiefly  injured  in  the  face.  We  have  the  best  authority  for  stating  that  the  Russian  High-Admiral  having  recently  inspected  the  Czar's  Baltic  fleet,  one-half  of  the  ships  were  at  once  condemned  as  worth.  less,  and  it  was  determined  to  build,  on  contract,  a  number  of  screw  line-of-battle  ships  one  account  says  no  less  than  thirty  !—Daily  News.  THE  DIPLOMATIC  DUEL—MADRID,  DEC.  21.—The  medi.  cal  report  issued  last  evening,  respecting  the  condition  of  M.  de  Turgot,  was  more  favourable  than  the  preceding  one,  and  stated  that  the  febrile  symptoms  had  somewhat  abated,  The  bulletin  of  to-day  says  that  he  continues  in  the  same  state.  It  is  thought  that  amputation  of  the  leg  will  be  necessary.  ANOTHER  CASE  OF  STABBlNG.—Yesterday  morning  a  man  named  James  Meadows  was  conveyed  to  the  Northern  Hospital,  seriously  wounded  in  the  right  breast.  The  in injured  jured injured  man  was  on  his  way  home  to  Kirkdale,  when  he  and  the  person  with  whoM  he  was  in  company  quarrelled  on  the  road,  and  they  fought,  when  the  person,  who  is  in  custody,  but  whose  name  we  have  not  been  able  to  ascertain,  plunged  a  knife  into  his  breast.  At  present  he  is  in  a  very  dangerous  state,  and  not  able  to  appear  against  the  coward  who  struck  him.  Diocrse  or  MArrcnrsTru.—The  Worshipful  Dr.  Hag Haggard,  gard, Haggard,  chancellor  of  the  diocese,  has  on  the  nomination  of  the  Lord  Bishop  of  Manchester,  appointed  the  Rev.  Alfred  Hew Hewlett,  lett, Hewlett,  incumbent  of  Ashley,  near  Manchester,  to  be  one  of  his  surrogates.  The  Lord  Bishop  of  Manchester,  on  Tuedsay,  licenced  the  Rev.  Edward  Pechie  Stock,  B.  A.,  to  the  curacy  of  Radcliffe,  near  Manchester,  and  the  Rev.  Henry  Lloyd  Bickerstaffe,  to  the  curacy  of  Saint  Andrew's,  Man Manchester.  chester. Manchester.  DEsTßucrivE  FIRE.---On  Sunday  forenoor,  a  fire  broke  out  in  the  farm  steading  of  Fernley  Law,  near  Corlinton,  which  resulted  in  the  destruction  of  a  considerable  portion  of  the  premises,  and  the  loss  of  about  15  of  the  cattle.  The  building  forms  three  sides  of  a  square,  one  side  of  which  is  the  dwelling-house,the  centre  is.  occupied.as  shedsi  , STYLE=superscript  and  the  third  as  a  byre  and  coal  shed,--/V:  .8,"
