text
"fi  ever  way  they  turned  they  that  the  dilemma  might  be  kis  Irk  the  room.  (Laughter.)  He  was  a  shareholder  in  the  Birkenhead  line,  ind  he  should  like  to  know,  where  was  the  4f  Per  cent.  in  North  was  to  send  over  the  line.  not  in  the  dividend.  (Hear,  hear.)  At  the  Chairman  was  asked  where  was  the  ,fie,  and  he  fenced  with  the  question,  and  As  regarded  the  North  Stafforchthin  Korth  Western  broke  all  its  engagen  traffic,  which  t  the  last  Meet  unts,  and  they  had  to  bring  them  into  the  Court  of  Chancery.  lie  charged  the  London  and  North  Western  with  buying  shares  in  the  Shrewsbury  and  Chester,  and  dividing  them  amongst  their  u  threw  out  some  suggestions,  counselling  the  cessation  of  hostilities,  remarking  that  if  the  supporters  of  a  North-Western  were  not  likely  to  make  any  greater  progress  in  years  to  come  than  they  bare  done  in  past  years,  tiiey_  ought  to  bow  to  the  decision  of  the  majority.  He  X  SHAT  cautiffitd  them  against  refusing  the  Great  Western's  offer,  for  a  time  might  arrive  when  the  company  would  go  out  of  the  market,  and  they  might  be  brought  in  at  a  lower  prico.  Mr.  THORNTON  admitted  that  he  had  said  y'  certain  things  were  correct,  which  he  was  told  about  the  directors,  he  would  not  give  them  his  support.  But  they  were  not  correct,  and  he  reminded  Mr.  Munroe  there  were  such  things  as  private  communications,  which  were  never  intended  for  public  _  _  meetings.  (II  hear.)  lie  stated  also  that  the  - STYLE=superscript  whole  •  remuneration  paid  to  the  twelve  directors  for  the  last  year,  including  expenses,  was  .094,  or  something  about  £5B  each.  Sir  W.  JOHNSON  then  replied,  after  which  the  amendment  proposed  by  Mr.  Thornton  was  put  and  carried  by  a  largo  majority;  but  Captain  Bulkley  demanded  a  poll  should  be  gr.  CON'DMAINT  said,  with  a  view  to  prevent  litigation  on  either  side,  he  would  move  that  without  prejudice  to  the  existing  rights  of  Messrs.  Harrison,  Roy,  Macintosh,  and  Major  French  those  gentlemen  should  be  elected  directors.  E  protested  against  this  motion  being  put.  MAN,  however,  decided  it  would  be  put  ;  and  the  resolution  was  put  and  carried.  The  motion  was  then  made  special,  and  a  resolution  was  passed,  authorising  issues  of  new  preference  shares  to  the  amount  of  £75,140.  .  .  Itr.  M  The  C  Sir  War,  JOHNSON  declined  to  press  for  an  investigation  into  the  state  crf  the  shares,  and  transfers  in  June  and  July  1851,  the  other  special  business  dropped.  The  poll  on  Mr.  Thornton's  amendment  was  then  pro proieeting  ieeting proieeting  adjourned  to  12  o'clock  this  d  with,  and  tl  when  the  read  It  will  I  voted  to  the  chairman,  and  the  proceedings  terminated,  REVISION  Couar.—The  Court  was  occupied  yesterday  in  considering  claims  and  objections,  relative  to  the  township  of  Tosteth  Park.  The  proceedings  were  of  a  similar  ell/meter  to  those  which  engaged  the  attention  of  the  court  the  preceding  day."
