text
"Itibilmtion4.  Just  published,  price  Is.  ;  by  post  16  stamps,  DEAFNESS:  its  Causes  and  Origin;  By  Mr.  S.  E.  SMITH,  38,  Princess-street,  Manchester.  Part  Ist.  Introduction,  pointing  out  the  great  danger  of  tampering  with  this  delicate  portion  of  the  human  frame.  Part  2nd.  Anatomical  descriptions,  with  observations,  Part  3rd.  The  various  diseases  to  which  the  ear  is  liable,  and  principal  causes  of  deafness.  Sold  by  Lewis,  Market-street;  Heywood,  Oldham-street,  Kelly  and.  Slater,  Market-street,  Manchester.  LINE  OF  AUSTRALIAN  PACKETS.  _  Carries  a  full  Band  of  Music,  as  well  as  Chess,  Backgammon,  and  Draft  Boards,  for  the  amusement  of  the  Passengers.  With  Passengers,  Parcels,  and  Specie,  having  Buillion  Safes.  For  MELBOURNE,  The  celebrated  clipper  Ship,  MARCO  POLO,  CnAkmts  M'DONNELL,  Commander,  (Chief  Officer  during  her  last  two  voyages  ;)  625  tons  register;  2500  tons  burthen  ;  has  proved  herself  the  .astest  ship  afloat,  having  been  twice  round  the  world,  including  detention  abroad,  in  eleven  months  and  21  days,  viz:—  FIRST  VOYAGE.—Left  Liverpool  4th  July,  1852,  and  arrived  back,  25th  Dicember,  1852;  or  5  months  and  21  days,  including  detention  abroad.  SECOND  VOYAGE.—  Left  Liverpool  13th  March,  1883,  and  arrived  back,  13th  September,  1853;  or  6  months,  including  detention  abroad.  Acknowledged  to  be  the  most  remarkable  achievement  in  the  annals  of  navigation.  For  further  particulars  apply  to  JAMES  BAINES,  &amp;  Co.,  6.  Cook-street.  riU4l  Withdrawn  from  the  Australian  trade  for  this  voyage  only  To  sail  on  the  17th  instant.  F  OR  NEW  YORK,  ifitao  The  magnificent  clipper-built  Ship,  GUIDING  STAR,  2,000  tons  register,  the  largest  single-decked  ship  ever  sent  to  the  Stat  , STYLE=superscript  3  , STYLE=superscript  .—For  passao'c  apply  to  JAMES  CHAMBERS  &amp;Co.,  61,  Waterloo-road,  Liverpool.  POLICE  COURT.  -YESTERDAY,  STEALING  A  LOOKING  GLASS.—Thomas  McShane  wal  charged  with  stealing,  and  Mary  Willed;  with  receiving,  I  looking  glass,  'taken  from  a  house  on  Copperas-hill,  on  thi  22nd  ultimo.  An  entrance  had  been  effected  through  g  back  bed-room  window,  by  climbing  a  wall.  The  prisona  McShane,  sold  the  article  to  the  other  prisoner,  a  broker,  t(  whom  the  police  gave  an  excellent  character.  McShane  ha(  been  before  the  Court  previously.  The  magistrate  sai(  that  brokers  could  not  be  too  cautious,  as  it  was  the  read:  facility  with  which  articles  were  disposed  of  that  caused  s(  much  crime.  He  ordered  Willock  to  be  discharged,  and  th  boy  McShane  to  be  taken  once  more  to  his  mother,  with  I  caution  for  her  to  take  care  of  him.  _  _  _  PICKING  Pomms.—Henry  Shaw,  a  juvenile  thief,  was  charged  with  picking  the  pocket  of  Eliza  Orme,  in  St.  John's-lane,  at  half-past  nine  o'clock  on  Tuesday  night.  Complainant  said  that  she  lost  her  urse,  comb,  and  penknife.  No  property  was  found  on  the  prisoner,  but  com complainant  plainant complainant  had  no  doubt  of  his  identity.  The  magistrate  said  that  the  - STYLE=superscript  town  was  infested  by  those  little  fellows,.  and  that  it  was  a  shocking  thing  there  was  no  reformatory  institution  to  which  they  could  be  sent,  for  he  had  a  great  objection  to  sending  them  to  prison.  This  boy  must  be  remanded.  DOCK  ROBBERIES.—Robert  Lawson  was  charged  by  officer  394,  with  stealing  a  quantity  .of  biscuits,  part  of  the  stores  of  emigrants,  from  the  Bromley  Moore  dock  had  been  committed  before  in  1852,  for  stealing  paca.—John  Alfred,  and  Thomas  Davis,  were  charged  by  a  Custom-house  inspector,  with  stealing  some  biscuit  from  a  cask.  They  had  not  been  charged  before.  The  magistrate  said  that  this  case  certainly  did  not  proceed  from  want,  as  there  was  at  this  moment  plenty  of  employment  for  all  per persons  sons persons  who  were  willing  to  work.  Those  poor  emigrants  property  must  be  protected;  he  should  therefore  sentence  Lawson  to  three  months  imprisonment,  and  he  would  re remand  mand remand  the  other  two  till  to-morrow.—James  Johnson,  charged  by  officer,  435,  with  having  concealed  in  his  hat,  at  two  o'clock  on  Tuesday  evening,  at  the  Victoria  gate,  a  quantity  of  sugar,  taken  from  the  ship  The  prisoner  ad admitted  mitted admitted  having  taken  it,  but  said  it  was  only  the  sweeping  of  the  hold.  He  was  the  ship-keeper  himself.  The  magis magistrate  trate magistrate  said,  being  in  trust,  he  should  not  sqt  a  bad  example  ;  he  might  not,  however,  have  thought  it  any  harm,  and  was  now  discharged.—.Tohn  Ellis  was  charge&amp;  by  officer,  295,  with  stealing  a  jacket  from  the  locker;  in  the  Clarence  dock,  where  the  labourers  leave  their  clothes.  The  prisoner  had  once  been  a  clerk  in  the  employment  of  the  Dublin  Com Company,  pany, Company,  and  pleaded  that  though  he  had  taken  the  jacket  in  his  hand,  and  put  it  on,  yet  he  did  not  intend  stealing  it.  The  magistrate  said  that  the  case  looked  very  bad,  but  as  he  was  not  known  to  the  police,  he  would  discharge  him.  THE  ROBBERY  kv  FORD-BTEET.---MiSS  Inkerston  again."
