text
"FOR  NEW  YORK  AMERICAN  UNION  The  Subscribers  continue  to  despatch  the  above  celebrated  Packet Packetships,  ships, Packetships,  and  other  first-class  American  ships,  weekly.  The  success  which  has  hitherto  attended  their  arrangements  for  the  comfortable  transit  of  emigrants,  gives  them  the  greatest  confidence  in  submitting  to  the  inspection  of  the  emigrating  public  their  unrival unrivalled  led unrivalled  American  liners,  as  possessing  the  most  eligible  accommodation  to  the  United  States.  In  the  construction  of  these  vessels  the  utmost  attention  has  been  paid  to  the  latest  improvements  in  light,  ventilation,  durability,  sailing  qualities,  and  all  matters  calcu!ated  to  promote  the  health,  comfort,  and  contentment  of  passengers.  They  are  commanded  by  men  of  un undoubted  doubted undoubted  nautical  skill  and  experience  in  the  trade.  Provisions  will  be  supplied  to  the  passengers  during  the  voyage  ac according  cording according  to  the  act  of  parliament.  Parties  residing  at  a  distance  can  have  berths  secured  by  remitting  a  deposit  of  L  1  for  each  person  going.  Parties  desirous  of  transmitting  money  to  their  friends  in  America,  can  have  drafts  at  sight  for  .W  1  and  upwards,  payable  on  our  house  at  New  York.  .  For  Cabin,  Poop,  Second  Cabin,  and  Steerage  passage,  apply  to  BOWMAN,  GRINNELL.  &amp;  5,  Regent-road,  Clarence  Dock,  Liverpool;  and  P  3,  South-street,  New  York.  N...ll,Patmengcors  going.  Iv  thoss,paciazt-chips  can  have  their  lug-  Ge  stored  free  in  a  warehouse  attached:-to.the  office.  •  3irtianll.  EVERY  EVENING  TO  BELFAST  AND  HE  NORTH  OF  IRELAND,  VIA  - STYLE=superscript  FL  T‘VOOD  •  First-class.  Steamers  leave  1  -  '  PLEETWOOD  'FOR  BELFAST  7  Every  Evening  (Sunday  eAcepted),  at  or  after  7.30,  p.lth•  '  -  '&#34;AndA  . STYLE=superscript  .  return  from  BELFAST,  every  Eyening  (Sunda},  exeerted),  at  6.15,.p.m:  See  Bradshaw's  page  141  :  •or  apply  to  KEMP:and  CO.,  Fleetwood  leaves  Liverpool  (East  Lancashire  Station)  at  4.15,  p.m.  _HEALTH  COMMITTE.E  The  usual  weekly  meeting  'Of  this.  Committee  was  held  yesterday,  Mr:  Alderman  Langsdale  - STYLE=superscript  ,  in  the  chair.  Present  —  Messrs.  Glad;tone,  Fleming,  HodSOn,..Godfrey,  - STYLE=superscript  Jolint'  son,  Nicholson,  M.  -Ni  . STYLE=superscript  coliClayton,  Stewart,  Beckwith,  - STYLE=superscript  Big Bigham.  ham. Bigham.  From  the  .minutes  of.  the  Shb-Committee  of  Heath,  it  appeared  they  had  met  the  kib-dorninittee  of  the  Ve4ry,  and  the-West  Derby  Guardians.  L  Arrangements  had  ben  made  for  the  Health  committee  taking  all  preventive  Mea Measures,  sures, Measures,  and  the  Vestry-and  West  Derby  Union,  the  reniedial  measures,  the  three  Conimittees  acting  jointly.  It  als44-1  peared  that  Captain  Sehomberg,  of  thesSilas  Greenmani  - STYLE=superscript  had  seen  the  Committee,  with  a  'vie*  of  seeking  its  aidiiir  Pre Preserving  serving Preserving  the  healtli:*.of  the  passengers  on  board  the  ship,  amongst  whom  cholera  had  broken  out,  th  ree  _persona  havin  g  .  ied  on  board.  It  further  appeared,  that  all  patties  who.  were  unwell  on  board  removed  on.  shore,  and  taken  charge•of  by  the'  parish  authorities  ?  '  whilst  the  crew  and  remaining  passengers  stopped  on  board'  in  the.  river.—Mr.  OrdiDSTONE  asked  if  the  three  passengers  who,  had  died  on  board  the  vessel  were  Germans.?—Mr.-HobsoN.  Two  of  them  were  Germans,  and  one  a-  them  an  -English -Englishman.  man. -Englishman.  The  first  person  who  died  was  the  cook,  who  lived  in  Liverpool,  consequently  it  did-not  commence  amongst  the  Germans.—Mr:  GLADSTONE  Who  took  it  first  ?—Mr.  Hon HonsoN  soN HonsoN  :  The  cook.  ,  He  Went  on  board  drunk.  —Mr.  JOHNSON:  He  was  an  IrishMan.—Mr.  HoDsoN  :  Yes,  but  he  was  brought  up  in  Liverpool.—Mr.'  GLADszoNesaid  it  Would  be'  satisfactory  to  the  members  of  the  -Committee  , STYLE=superscript  to  ki*v  they  h  ee  a  t  ia  m  et  l  ed  ieh  wis  t  e  h  l  e  y  y  in  h  t  a  ic  d  cep  a  t  rr  in  a  g  n  -  g  t  e  li  d  e.te  w  n  it  d  h  erfor  n  6  the  b  l STYLE=superscript  a  Docks  to-day,  they  had  given  4  per  cent.  for  £6o,3oo,moneys-a  A  t STYLE=superscript  t  4 STYLE=superscript  -  per STYLE=superscript  the  •  nk.  an  as  much  as  44  per  cent.  for  £BO,OOO.  Mr.  HODSON  under-  ,  stood  the  bank  had  again  raised  the  rate  of  .tliscount.  Mr.  GLADSTONE:  TO-day?  Mr.  HODSON  :  Yes;•  .Mr.  GLADSTONEI:  I  have  not  heard  that  a  return  ordered  for  Mr.  Ald.  Parker,  of  the  different  slaughter-houses  in  the  town,  and  quantities  of  cattle  slaughtered  in  each.  Mr.  GODFREY  moved  that  the  return  be  sent  to  Mr.  Ald.'Parkee,s,  -house.  Mr.  Moss  :  Are  you  sure  Mr.  Parker  can  read  them  Fl  (Oh,  oh,  and  hear.)  Mr.  Moss  meant,  if  he  could  reef  ~tligni  with  advantage  to'the  InteFeSti  of  th  e  i  r  Connaittee,  let  them,  by  all  means,  be  sent  to  his  house.  Mr.  BECKWITH  moved  that  the  returns  be  laid  ou  the  table  ;  and  Mr.  Godfrey  withdrawing  his  motion,  Mr.  Beckwith's  was  agreed  to.  A  deputation  was  then  introduced  to  the  Committee  to  represent  the  existence  of  a  nuisance  in  Richmond-row,  Breck-road.  A  member  of  the  deputation  said,  they  came  to  lay  before  the  Committee  a  complaint,  relative  to  a  nuisance  in  Richmond-terrace,  Breck-road.  There  was  an  old  quarry,  three-fourths  of  the  way  down,  into'  which,  all  the  houses  were  drained.  The  CHAIRMAN  said,  the  Committee  was  quite  aware  of  this,  but  he  did  not  think  it  was  worth  the  while  of  the  deputation  to  enter  into  it.  He,  (the  Chairman)  and  the  Borough  Engineer  had  been  there,  and  they  had  taken  all  the  steps  they  could.  A  MEMBER  of  the  DEPUTATION  :  The  nuisance  is  so  great,  we  cannot  submit  to  it  (any  longer.  Mr.  BECKWITH  :  what  is  your  remedy  ?  Mr.  NEWLANDS.—So  these  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  were  as  well  aware  as  the  committee  that  they  could  have  no  relief  until  they  got  a  sewerage  outlet,  which  it  would  take  a  year  yet  to  complete.  The  tenders  and  plans  were  now  before  the  committee,  and  until  the  outlet  sewer  was  completed,  there  was  no  redress,  except  to  leave  the  houses.  He  had  been  told  by  Mr.  Edwards,  that  before  each  house  had  a  cess-pool,  and  some  person  subsequently  made  a  drain  leading  into  this  quarry,  and  they  made  a  nui nuisance  sance nuisance  for  themselves  and  for  the  neighbourhood.  A  MEm MEmnER  nER MEmnER  of  the  DEPUTATION  :  I  for  one  am  making  no  nuisance  at  all.  lam  the  greatest  sufferer.-  7  -Mr.  BECKWITH:  The  only  thing  we  can  say  is,  that  we  have  no  means  of  making  a  drain,  and  until  we  get  an  outlet  somewhere,  we  cannot  re relieve  lieve relieve  you.—Mr.  M‘GowAN  said  _proceedings  were  pending  before  the  magistrates,  to  compel  the  owner  of  the  property  to  take  steps  for  the  removal  of  the  nuisance.  A  MEMBER  of  the  DEPUTATION  :  Then  I  conceive  there  is  no  more  to  be  said.  You  say  there  is  no  relief.—The  CHAIRMAN  :  You  are  informed  that  proceedings  are  pending  before  the  magis magistrates  trates magistrates  to  compel  the  owner  of  the  quarry  to  take  some  steps,  but  he  appears  to  be  away  from  Liverpool  at.  this  time.  A  MEMBER  of  the  DEPUTATION  :  I  can  only  say  that  unless  you,  gentlemen,  can  do  something,  if  you  do  not  give  us  re relief,  lief, relief,  something  will  happen  which  we  cannot  be  responsible  for.—Mr.  BECKWITH  :  Yon  are  threatening  the  committee  now.—Mr.  Moss  said  he  was  informed  that  houses  in  the  lo locality  cality locality  were  let  much  below  their  value  in  consequence  of  the  nuisance,  which  one  of  the  deputation  replied  was  not  the  cas  e.  Another  of  the  deputation  ,  stated  that  any  person  passing  along  the  road  by  the  houses  would  find  a  most  offensive  smell  coming  up  through  the  gratings.—Mr.  NEIN  - STYLE=superscript  -  LANDS  :  A  remedy  could  be  adopted  to  prevent  the  foul  air  from  getting  into  the  street,  but  it  is  much  better  that  it  should  escape  into  the  open  street,  than  pervade  the  rooms  of  the  houses.—Mr.  Stewart  said  if  he  understood  the  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  right,  it  was  stated  that  a  certain  quantity  of  offensive  matter  was  collected  in  the  whole  quarry.  Now,  if  he  was  right  in  his  opinion,  he  conceived  that  that  was  an  offence,  which  no  parties  had  a  right  to  commit.  It  was  a  private  wrong  altogether.  After  some  further  conversation  the  de deputation  putation deputation  withdrew.  The  Medical  Officer  of  Health  re reported  ported reported  that  the  deaths  from  all  causes  registered  in  the  bo borough,  rough, borough,  during  the  week  ending  Saturday,  the  24th,  amount  to  171—a  decrease  of  11,  compared  to  the  previous  week,  and  of  48  compared  to  the  average  for  the  corresponding  week  of  former  years.  33  deaths  were  oc  cas  i  one  d  b  y  zimo zimotic  tic zimotic  diseases.  Of  this  number  25  were  from  diarrhoea,  (21  being  chidren  under  two  years  of  age)—five  fewer  than  the  previous  week,  and  one  less  than  in  the  same  week  in  former  years.  Two  Germans,  an  old  man  and  a  child,  who  had  been  attacked  with  cholera  and  removed  to  the  workhouse,  died  on  the  21st  and  23d.  Since  then  thrceother  fatal  cases  have  occurred  on  board  an  emigrant  ship  lying  at  anchor  in  the  river  :  the  first  was  the  ship's  cook,  the  others,  German  emigrants.  An  Irishman  living  in  No.  5  Court,  Lace-street,  d  ie  d  of  th  e  same  di  sease  on  Tuesday,  the  27th  inst.  Five  deaths  were  recorded  from  scarlatina,  1  from  hooping-cough,  1  from  confirmed  smallpox,  1  from  measles,  2  from  croup,  and  1  from  typhus  fever.  From  consumption  and  diseases  of  the  lungs  41  persons  died.  From  convulsions,  15  children.  Notwithstanding  the  above  very  favourable  returns,  Dr.  Cameron  deemed  it  his  duty  to  state,  for  the  information  of  the  Health  Committee,  that  the  present  low  rate  of  mortality,  or  small  amount  of  sickness,  cannot  be  considered  as  affording  any  assurance  against  a  possible  early  outbreak  of  cholera  in  an  epidemic  form.  Dr.  Ca Cameron,  meron, Cameron,  acting  for  the  medical  officer  of  health,  had  inspected  the  premises  of  Mr.  Lever,  of  Wilbraham-place,  Wilbra Wilbraham-street,  ham-street, Wilbraham-street,  from  whence  it  was  reported  that  noxious  effluvia  were  given  off,  to  the  injury  of  the  health  and  bu business  siness business  of  some  parties  ,  living  in  Scotland-road.  The  offen-  sive  odours  complained  of  were  found  to  proceed  from  a  small  yard  in  which  is  a  shed  ;  here  there  are  three  large  boilers  for  the  purpose  of  preparing  cow-heels,  sheeps-feet,  &amp;e.,  and  boil boilmg  mg boilmg  down  meat  for  potted  beef.  The  fat  remaining  after  these  various  processes  are  completed  is  melted  down,  pre previous  vious previous  to  the  disposal  to  the  tallow  chandlers.  The  bones  are  sent  away  twice  a  week.  All  the  meat  found  on  the  premises,  on  two  different  occasions,  was  carefully  examined,  and  ascertained  to  be  good  and  fresh.  Under  these  circum circumstates  states circumstates  the  vapours  given  off  cannot  be  conside  re  d  so  injurious  to  the  health  of  persons  living  in  the  neigh neigh_  _ neigh_  premises  require  attention  :  at  one  corner  of  the  yard,  the  partition  wall  between  this  and  the  yard  of  one  of  the  com complainants,  plainants, complainants,  (Bellis)  allows  the  surface  water  to  oose  through  into  the  latter,  The  other  is  of  greater  importance  :  owing  to  the  sewer  in  Wilbraham-street  having  become  stopped  up,  most  of  the  refuse  water  from  Lever's  premises  flows  into  an  adjoining  field,  where  it  has  already  fotmed  several  large  pools  of  stagnant,  putrid,  water,  the  exhalations  fi'oui  which  might  seriously  affect  the  health  of  the  occupants  of  the  neighbouring  street.  A  complaint,  similar  to  the  last  mentioned  was  lodged  against  a  person  of  the  name  of  Lindop,  on  Shaw's-  row.  On  inspection  of  his  premises,  it  was  found  he  carried  on  a  business  of  the  same  character  as  Lever's,  but  on  a  much  smaller  scale,  and  in  no  way  injurious  to  the  health  of  the  neighbours,  A  letter  was  read  from  W.  Parker,  who  had  been  in  the  employment  of  this  Committee  ;  but  was  for  sante  months  compelled  to  give  up  performing  his  duties  from  sickness,  requesting  that  his  pay  might  be  continued  for  the  next  month,  as  affording  him  the  only  means  which  gave  a  chance  of  his  recovery.  After  some  discussion,  it  was  resolved  to  comply  with  his  request.  The  following  letter  was  read  from  Mr.  Rose,  relative  to  a  discussion  which  took  place  at  the  last  meeting  of  the  Committe  TO  THE  HEALTH  COMMITTEE  Liverpool,  Sept.  26,  1853.  GENTLEMEN.  —My  duty  to  you,  and  a  just  regard  to  my  own  position,  has  compelled  me,  on  more  than  one  occasion,  to  take  the  liberty  of  pointing  out  how  detrimental  to  the  removal  of  night  soil  from  the  borough  are  the  discussions  and  correspondence  thereon  published  in  the  newspapers  as  a  part  of  your  proceedings,  and  I  regret  that  circumstances  should  have  arisen  to  render  those  of  last  week  still  more  lengthy  and  injurious  in  that  respect,  although  I  gratefully  acknowledge  tlk9,t,  to  some  extent,  the  connnittec  have  re-  c  , STYLE=superscript  )gnised  TiviiiitOrtM(l  . STYLE=superscript  Oarnezit  e'  ode  to  carry  Vat  - STYLE=superscript  my  contract  both  in  As  spirit  and  letter.  .  From  what  then  transpired,  however,  I  think  the  com committee  mittee committee  cannot  be  fully  aware  either  of  what  I  have  accom accomplished,  plished, accomplished,  of  of  the  difficulties  I  have  encountered.  as  to  the  north  end  of  the  borough,  the  depots  for  which.receive  More  than  three-fourths  of  the  entire  quap quaptity  tity quaptity  collected,  I  haVe  not  only  removd  to  a  distance  heyopd  the  :proscribed  liMits  all  the  night-soil'  that  has  been  col collected,  lected, collected,  but  also  a  considerable  'quantity  of  the  stock  pt!c pt!c-viously  viously pt!c-viously  on  hand,  oxcecdipg  in  amount  any  temporm:y„acen.-  mulattens  at  the  i STYLE=superscript  depots  at  the  - STYLE=superscript  south.:  'So  that,  ;Luce  the  commencement  of  my  presnt  contract,  I  have,  in  effeft,  - STYLE=superscript  greatly  reduced  the  entire,  aedumuhation  of  this.  material:  throughout  the  borongh.  To  accomplish  this  J  naturally  calculate  my  tender  upon  the  increased  faCilities  promised  at  . STYLE=superscript  the  Thirlington-striet  depot;  but  instead  of  these  facilities  I  have7hhd  the  whole  of  '  the  - STYLE=superscript  wharf  (except  a  solitary  berth  for.  the  street  sWcepin(:Js)  •  'ooeupied  for  a  considerable  time  by  the  Vaterials  required  the  proposed  alterations,  and  have  -not  only  entOuntertd  the  loss  of  time,  but!  have  had  to•  pay  'the  muncili  a-heavy  rent  for  what  I  could  not  use,  and  have  had  to  pay  the  canal  company  a  verylarge  sum  fcetheyrivilege  of  loadi4g  my  night-boats  at  •  -  -•  1 STYLE=superscript  _  Here  I  may  remark,  in  paSsing°,  that  if  the  ,coynmitte  cannot  obtain  the  coUgent  - STYLE=superscript  of  the  canal  company  to  enlatge  the  basin,  - STYLE=superscript  hope,  as  speedily  - STYLE=superscript  as  'iloS  - STYLE=superscript  sible'  to  have  all  the  available  quay  room  at  the  present,bas:ill.:  Second,  with  reSpect4  to  :the  heaps  ,of  dry  manure  at  Phillip-street  and  elseichere,  - STYLE=superscript  'thj:cointaitteg''  doubtless  aware  that  all  past  experiencossliow's,  - STYLE=superscript  .and  the  eireillar  'Of  the  beard  of  health  confirms  the  view,  that  after  such  heaps  axle  encrusted  ,on  the  surface  they  Aro  comparatively_  innocum4,-  -aild•  that,  'although  the  greater.  part  .ard  swio,  it  would  be  gyoatlyJo'the  advantage  of  the  liublic  not  to  disturb  thcin  until  the  cold  weather  sets  •  -  .‘,‘l  might  urge  that,  at  the  Herculaneum  'dock,  Mr.  Lairil  was  a  party  to  my  occupation  of  it,  'arid  that  he  brought  his  establishment  to  the  apprehended  nuisance;  :  but  it  is  un unnecessary,  necessary, unnecessary,  as  I  believe  'not  a  'single'  •insfance  :a.  injury  to  healtlihns,  ever  been  alleged  as  a.c.onseque4c  of  , STYLE=superscript  the  manure  depots  there  or  at  Harrington  doek.  •  .  •  .  'nut,  be  this  as  it  may,  there  - STYLE=superscript  is  only  one  other  quay  ou  the  river,  where  it  is  practicable.to  load  the  night-soil  as  it  is  brought  down;  viz:,  that,  used  by-your  engineer  for  un unloading  loading unloading  paving'material.  To  use  of  that,.  INfr.  Weightman  andTapertin  Breadfoot  offer  no'  farther  'objections,  if  you  permitit;  but  all  the  other  quays  of  the  frier  craft  dock  are  'let  to  tenants,  and  ,even  here,-  Captain  l3roadfoot  informs  me,  I  shall  be  Subject  to  occasional  unavoidable  -interruption  from  the  uncertainty  'of  a  - STYLE=superscript  - STYLE=superscript  regular  night  berth  for  the  manure  flat,  owing  to  the  blocking  up  of  the  dock  by  the  other  river  craft,  and  for  ;  which,,  norresponding  allowance  must  be  made.  .  It  is  . STYLE=superscript  to  be  regretted,  that  the  depot,  in  Smithdown-lane,  has  been  objectekto  12y  _the  eeililittee,  It  is  out  of.  the  `borough,  - STYLE=superscript  but  not  toile  extent  required;  yet  Ido  not  know  where  to  find  another  so  unobjectionable,  or  so  convenient  for  the  adjacent  farmers  and  other  occupiers  of  land,  and  against  which  I  have  not  had  a  single  complaint  during  the  four  years  it  has  been  employed  for  this  purpose.  I  have  only  to:add,  that  I  have  spared  neither  pains  nor  expense,  fully  to  carry  out  my  contract  and  the  views  of  the  committee  ;  but  circumstances  have  arisen  which  neither  I  nor  any  other  contractor  could  foresee,  avoid,  or  control.  I  therefore  rely  with  confidence  on  the  favourable  consideration  and  co-operation  of  the  committee,  to  set  me  right  with  the  public,  and  especially  to  relieve  me  from  the  great  hindrance  I  suffer  in  the  disposal  of  the  manure,  owing  to  the  urgent  and  constant  pressure  imposed  upon  me  to  get  rid  of  it  on  any  terms.  •  remain,  gentlemen,  your  obedt.  servt.,  WILLIAM  ROSE.  Mr.  BECKETT  reminded  the  Committee  that  Mr.  Rose  had  not  in  any  way  completed  his  contract.  This  contract  was  to  take  the  nightsoil  a  quarter  of  a  mile  out  of  the  borough,  but  he  had  not  taken  it  a  yard  from  the  depots  which  he  had  all  along.—Mr.  FRESH  said  the  depots  alluded  to  were  at  a  very  long  distance  from  any  house.  They  were  made  at  great  expense  by  Mr.  Rose,  Lora  Derby,  and  the  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Railway  Company  . STYLE=superscript  ,  for  the  purpose  of  getting  manure  out  of  the  town  by  railway.  He  had  heard  that  a  great  quantity  went  that  way,  and  it  would  be  a  great  public  loss  to  the  town  if  it  were  done  away  with.  It  did  no  harm  to  anyone.—Mr.  BEcKErr  said  that  Mr.  Rose  had  not  complied,  in  any  shape  or  way,  with  the  contract  he  had  made.  Up  to  the  present  time,  the  matter  was  in  no  better  situation,  nor  was  it  likely  to  be  in  a  better  situation.  Give  him  what  time  they  would,  they  might  depend  upon  it  that  he  was  not  in  a  position,  in  any  shape  or  way,  to  carry  the  stuff  a  quarter  of  a  mile  beyond  the  borough.  They  had  contracted  with  him  to  do  that,  and  given  him  an  increased  amount  to  do  so,  but  up  to  that  hour  he  was  increasing  the  quantity.  There  was  a  heap  now  at  Kensington  which  it  would  take  three  or  four  years  to  carry  away.  (Oh,  oh.)  Yes,  it  was  a  positive  fact,  according  to  the  manner  in  which  he  had  been  going  ';on,  it  would  take  three  or  four  years  to  dispose  of  it.  Now  he  (Mr.  Beckett)  would  like  to  know  whether  it  was  Mr.  Rose's  intention  to  take  it  out  of  the  borough  and  comply  with  his  contract,  or  give  them  a  reason  why  he  would  not  do  so.—  Mr.  Nicuou,  believed  it  would  be  impracticable  at  present  to  dispose  of  all  that  nightsoil.  He  believed  there  was  some  truth  in  the  remark  of  Mr.  Rose  that  it  would  be  a  great  injury  to  the  town  if  :he  were  suddenly  to  begin  re removing  moving removing  it.  He  believed  it  would  meet  the  difficulties  of  tne  case  if  all  the  old  accumulation  were  covered  a  few  inches  over  with  smithy-ashes.  In  the  meantime,  some  measures  might  be  taken  to  prevent  a  single  load  of  night nightsoil  soil nightsoil  being  deposited  there  afresh.  But  as  far  as  regarded  the  late  accumulation,  he  believed  they  were  wise  in  not  insisting  upon  its  removal  immediately.  The  Council  could  insist  upon  Mr.  Rose  not  placing  any  new  deposit  within  the  distance  specified  in  his  contract.  He  would  be  for  allowing  Mr.  Rose  every  fair  opportunity,  but  he  would  insist  upon  it  that  there  should  be  no  new  deposit.—Mr.  Moss  :  There  is  a  variety  of  ways  in  which  he  could  get  rid  of  the  nuisance,  if  money  were  not  the  object.—Mr.  GLAD GLADSTONE  STONE GLADSTONE  thought  they  might  seem  rather  awkward  if  they  countenanced  anything  like  covering  up  what  should  be  removed.  The  thing  was  both  possible  and  practicable  ;  and,  although  he  had  no  doubt  it  would  be  a  serious  loss  to  Mr.  Rose,  still  he  thought  it  ought  to  be  done.  If  the  meet meeting  ing meeting  would  allow  him,  he  should  wish  to  refer  to  what  took  place  last  week,  when  discussing  the  question  of  having  the  manure  coveyed  away  by  railway.  He  then  said  that  he  regretted  that  the  Southport  railway  company.  The  council  were  all,  he  presumed,  aware  that  there  was  a  sandy  soil  in  those  northern  districts,  better  suited  to  the  purpose  than  the  south,  should  have  made  so  large  a  charge  upon  the  con conveyed  veyed conveyed  away  by  railway.  He  regretted  that  the  South Southport  port Southport  railway  company  should  have  made  such  a  change  upon  the  conveyance  of  manure,  as  to  render  it  almost  a  total  prohibition.  The  council  were  all,  he  presumed,  aware  that  there  was  a  sandy  soil  in  those  northern  districts,  better  suited  to  the  purpose  than  the  south.  In  consequence  of  his  observations  being  made  known  through  the  press,  Mr.  Chapman,  one  of  the  direc directors  tors directors  of  the  company,  addressed  a  letter  to  him,  which  he  should  not  troubfe  the  oommittee  by  reading,  in  which  he  said  that  it  was  not  fair  to  charge  the  directors  with  the  responsibility—that  they  were  willing  to  convey  manure  for  a  ton,  of  which  the  Southport  company  received  ls.  5d.,  and  the  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  he  thought,  31  Sonthport,  as  they  were  aware,  was  distant  about  ten  miles.  Now  here  was  one  of  those  anomalies  which  he  thought  should  be  looked  to.  That  3d.  was  paid  for  what  ?  The  fact  was  that  the  deposits  did  not  pass  at  all  through  the  terminus  of  that  railway.  They  went  upon  the  Southport  line,  merely  crossing  the  other  to  go  through.  That  charge  of  3d.  a  ton  was  very  heavy,  and  he  thought  could  not  be  justified,  especially  as  it  was  his  opinion  that  railway  com companies,  panies, companies,  in  the  same  spirit  in  which  they  were  compelled  to  take  the  poorer  class  of  travellers  at  a  lower  charge,  might  be  compelled  to  join  in  assisting  a  town  to  get  rid  of  what  was  in  urious  to  the  health  of  its  inhabitants.  His  imnresn-  ceut.  upOn  the  outlaY,  it  wasas  much  as  they  ought  to  expeCt.  (Hear,  hear.)  They  knew  that  railways  draw  their  traffic  from  large  towns,  and,  under  these  circumstances,  they  ought  to  assist  them.  He  did  not  speak  of  the  Southport  line  only.  He  thought  the  London  and  North  Western,  and  all  the  other  lines  which  come  to  Liverpool,  ought  to  be  compelled  to  carry  out  and  deposit  at  a  very  low  rate.  (Hear,  hear.)  That  would  be  the  most  satisfactory,  and  the  easiest  way  of  getting  rid  of  it.  Now,  taking  the  South Southport  port Southport  line  as  ten  miles,  he  thought  14d.  a  ton  would  be  quite  sufficient,  Mr.  Chapman  said  in  his  letter,  that  it  would  be  very  well  for  Mr.  Rose  to  provide  waggons,  and  that  if  he  did  as  they  would,  convey  the  deposit  at  a  lower  rate  but  that  was  only  putting  money  out  of  one  pocket  into  another;  and,  moreover,  persons  who  were  acquainted  with  the  matter,  knew  that  providing  waggons  was  a  disagreeable  thing,  as  the  servants  of  the  railway  company  invariably  placed  the  waggons  in  a  very  unfavourable  place,  where  they  had  the  hauling  of  a  ll  the  other  waggons,  so  hat  the  wear  and  tear  of  them  was  ve  ry  great.  He  adhered  to  the  opinion  which  he  had  expressed  before,  that  the  charges  of  the  railway  company  amounted  to  something  like  a  prohibition.  Ile  did  not  think  that  Mr.  Rose's  demand  for  the  manure  was  at  all  extraordinary.  Mr,  Rose  was  willing  to  sell  it  for  ls.  a  tarn,  and  he  did  not  think  he  could  make  it  less.  He  was  satisfied  some  arrangement  might  be  fittidc  for  taking  away  the  offensive  matter,  which  cer certainly  tainly certainly  wottabe  a  very  great  advantage  to  the  town.  Mr.  Nicol,:  I  will  more  that  instructions  be  given  to  cover  the  old  deposit  with  smithy  ashes,  or  some  other  material,  to  the  board  of  engineers.  Mr.  BEexwrrx  :  Ido  not  see  why  the  board  of  engineers  should  be  called  upon.  Mr.  Nicol,  :  As  gentlemen  have  memorialized  us  - STYLE=superscript  upon  the  subject,  and  complained  bitterly  of  it,  I  think  we  should  show  some  anxiety  to  relieve  them  from  the  nuisance,  for  oven  if  there  tesultiug  - STYLE=superscript  freiii  it,  yet  the  fear  operat operating  ing operating  .in  the  minds  of  the  inhabitants  would  be  in  itself  injurious,  and  a  very  small  expense  might  obviate  it  by  covering  the  deposit  with  ashes  or  some  such  material,  which  would,  I  think,  be  a  much  wiser  course  than  insisting  upon  reinoving  it  at  this  particular  period.  The  instructions  [Toni  thngeneral.board  of  health  state  that  no  large  accu accumulation  mulation accumulation  of  filth  should  be  stirred  up  or  removed,  excepting  ander'  the  Ilirectioits•  of  a  medical  officer.  Mr.  - STYLE=superscript  13REN  thought.  Mr,  Rose  should  be.called  upon  to  fulfil  his  con contract.  tract. contract.  Alter.  some  further  discussion,-  the  following  resolu resolution-was  tion-was resolution-was  ad'opied—&#34;  That  the  coniinittee  see  no  reason  to  'depart  from  their  resolution  of  the.  Ist  instant;  'asopy  of  which  was  furnished  to  Mr.  Tto'se  ;  and  , STYLE=superscript  that  the  Town  Clerk  and  inspector  of  Nuisances  , STYLE=superscript  *  dircgted  to  report  whether  or  not  -Mr,  Rose  has  complied  with  .his.coutract,  and,  if  not,  in  what  particulars  he  has  failed  therein;  and  that  a  copy  of  the  resolution  -sent'  to  Mr.  'Rose.&#34;  Mr.  GLADSTOPIT  :  .With  the  view,  if  needful,  of  bimpelling,  Mr..  Rose,  to  carry.:  out  his  contract  ?  The  CnkiiimAN  :.  yes,  -that  ivill  strengthen  the  resolution.  It  was  ,  agreed  that'-pie  words  'should  be  added-.  Letters  •  were  'T.ead  freni'Teign freni'Teignmonth:street,  month:street, freni'Teignmonth:street,  Beech-road,  calling  attention  to.  the-iniperket  sate_  of  ..the  channelling,  and  from  Smitlidown-lane  to  a  nuisance  caused  by  large  'pool  into  which  the.  bodies:  of  dead  , STYLE=superscript  dogS•and  'Cats  were  thrown.  On  the  rtcominendation  of  the  sub-onimittee,•  the  making  of  a  sewet  in  Back  flied fliedford-street  ford-street fliedford-street  was  postponed.  ;  Back  Lime-street  was  ordered  to  be  paved  and  sewered  ;  Crosshall-street  to  be  siwered.  The  OnAlaStaisr  observed  that  Richmond  -terrace,  a  street  seventy  years  old,  in  the  centre  of  the  town,  and  densely  popu populated,  lated, populated,  was  without  any  sewer  in  it.  -Berger-street,  Clifford-'  Ind  Mulbury-street  were  'ordered  to  be  flagged.  The  usual  „notices  for  .lightiher,-  paving,  'Sze.,  were  ordeted  upon  the  •  owners  of  land  in:  Cliedley  and  Duncan-streets.  The  .notices  for  constructing  sewers  in  .Crossliall-street,  Lombart-street,  CoPperas.hill,'.  and  -  several  other  -  strdts.  Tenders  were  opened  for  constructing  sewers,  and-the  follaw follawing  ing follawing  parties  ac  ce  pt  e  d  :—Mr.  ;ages,  Edge-hill,  for  Mile-end  ;  Bewer,.  for  Henry-street  Ducket,  for  •.Thiward •.Thiwardstreet  street •.Thiwardstreet  ;  Sfessis;  J  o  h  n  S STYLE=superscript  and  •  am  '.l  - STYLE=superscript  6nes,  for  Brickhtill Brickhtillstreet,:  street,: Brickhtillstreet,:  Mr,  ;  ~I.brahani.  was  ,declared`  contractor  for  paving  Conwa  Y  -street,  Eyerton.-  Mr..  STE  WA  R  T  -  r  e  ported  upon  be behalf  half behalf  of  the  sub-committee  that  - STYLE=superscript  clauses  should  be  introduced  into  r STYLE=superscript  ther  neVii  - STYLE=superscript  bill  ithstek  ifelihenitioW  by  which  owners  =of  land-in  the:town  should  be  compelled  to  pay  a  certain  propor proportion  tion proportion  towards  the  .  sewerage,  of  the  street  -which  belonged  to  them  ;  the  sewerage  in  all  cases  to  be  done  by  the  public  authorities.  The  recommendriflon.was  adopted.  The  com committee  mittee committee  then  adjourned,  -  •  -  ,  EXHIBITION  OF  THE  LIVERPOOL  ACADEMY."
