text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  SHIPPING  UST.  THURSDAY,  DECEMBER  22.  1853.  QUEENSTOWN,  Dec  18.—Arrived—N.  S.  de  Carmene.  Prudaroe,  Bilboa  •'  .King  of  Tyre,  Brake,  St.  Michael's;  Dera,  Pyle,  Marseilles;  Edmond  Barnett,  Otter,  Alexandria  and  Fal Falmouth.  mouth. Falmouth.  Elizabeth,  of  N  ewport,  has  been  towed  in  here  this  evening,  dismasted  and  abandoned.  The  Po'lok,  from  Liverpool  to  Apalachicola,  put  in  here  to-day,  with  main  and  mizen  topmast  gone,  and  eight  of  the  crew  disabled.  WEXFORD,  Dec  I9.—The  Stag,  of  Penzance.  laden  wit•  china  clay  and  block-tin.  came  on  shore  this  morning,  north  of  this  port,  and  is  igh  on  the  beach.  A  ship,  reported  to  be  the  Agnes,  of  New  York,  with  cargo,  and  about  150  passengers.  came  on  shore  to-day.  in  the  south  Bay,  on  the  rocks  If  the  weather  moderates,  there  will  be  no  eifficulty  in  saving  her  cargo.  The  Caravanna,  Poisonnier.  from  Santander  to  I  iverpool,  came  on,  shore  this  afternoon,  near  Blackwater.  and  went  to  pieces  i  n  a  few  minutes;  crew  drowned.  WATERFORD,  Dec  lg.—The  Caroline,  Pope  of  Fowey,  from  G•rnwall  to  Liverpool.  with  China-stone,  was  brought  into  Dunmore,  with  loss  of  mainmast,  by  pilot  cutter  Emma.  'I  he  Portuguese  schooner  Po,  to  Nova,  troin  Ter Terceira  ceira Terceira  to  Liverpool,  ran  on  shore  yesterday  morning.  at  Baleycotton,  having  mistalvn  the  light,  for  that  of  the  Old-head  of  Kinsale,  and  went  to  pieces  ;  crew  saved.  DROGHEDA,  Dec  20.—The  Chatham.  from  Liverpool  to  Savannah,  struck  on  the  bar  at  low  water.  last  evening  ;  her  masts  were  cut  away,  and  she  is  fast  breaking  up—one  !flan  and  a  boy  came  on  shore  adve,  but  the  latter  subsequently  died,  and  it  is  feared  that  the  re remainder  mainder remainder  of  the  crew  are  all  dr'wned.  A  large  vessel  is  reported  to  be  at  anchor  in  shore,  in  a  perilous  position,  about  12  miles  south  of  this.  HALIFAX,  Dee  5.-  The  brigantine,  Gipsey  Queen.  from  Picton  to  Liverpool,  with  deals  and  battens  was  stranded  in  Nov.,  in  Ship  Harbour,  was  leaking  badly,  and  would  proba probably  bly probably  be  condemned.  PRINCE  EDWARD  ISLAND,  Dec.  5.  The  Susanna,  Doherty.  of  Nova  Scotia,  laden  with  timber  and  deals,  was  lost  on  the  north  coast  of  this  Island."
