text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  BANKRUPTS  William  Creboo  and.  John  Hay,  — STYLE=superscript  tailors,  Mount-street  Lambeth,  Surrey.  •  -  Edwin  Dennis,  licensed  brewer  and  wine  merchant,  Rick.  mansworth,  Herts.  Augustus  Fisher,  colonial  broker,  Mincing-lane,  London.  1.3  - STYLE=superscript  o,,ry  Evla  P  Mann  faciwu___  K  Brunßwirk-olace  Loompit-hill,  Lewisham-road,  Deptford,  ent.  Robert  Jones  Williams,  linen  draper,  Birmingham.  A  commercial  traveller  was  robbed  of  50  sovereigns  on  Thursday  night  by  two  females  in  Hanover-street.  A  young  man  named  Kirley  has  absconded  from  this  town,  with  upwards  of  £l5OO,  the  property  of  his  employers.  —A  reward  of  £2OO  have  been  offered  for  his  apprehension.  THE  TYNEMOUTH  COMMISSION.--The  evidence  already  taken  before  the  commission  proves  very  extensive  treating,  but  no  case  of  bribery  has  yet  been  shown.  The  Count  Walewski,  the  French  Ambassador  at  St:  James's,  has  been  summoned  to  France  to  attend  his  Imperial  master,  but  will  return  in  a  few  days.  Despatches  were  sent  off  last  night  from  the  Colonial  Office  to  the  Governor-General  of  Canada.  THE  OLD  AND  NEW  CRYSTAL  PALACE.—The  late  Great  Exhibition  building  contained  an  area  of  nearly  800,000  square  feet;  the  New  Crystal  Palace  will  contain  about  one-fourth  more,.  or  nearly  1,000,000  squ  are  f  ee  t  .  BARBAROUS  TREATMENT  OF  SEAMEN  IN  THE  AMERICAN  SHIP,  GREAT  WESTERN.—A  man  named  Ford,  third-mate  on  board  the  American  liner,  Great  Western,  was  arrested  last  night,  for  the  cruel  treatment  of  Peter  Collins,  and  Michael  Toomy,  on  the  voyage  from  New  York,  and  b  roug  ht  to  the  Northern  Hospital,  were  he  was  identified  by  both  men,  as  one  of  the  parties  who  had  caused  their  injuries.  He  will  be  confined  until  the  men  can  appear  against  him.  The  police  are  also  on  the  look  out  for  the  boatswain.  FLIGHT  OT  THE  TREASURER  OF  A  FRIENDLY  SOCIETY.  —Considerable  excitement  has  been  occasioned  in  Stirling  by  the  report  that  the  treasurer  of  a  friendly  society  had  ab absconded,  sconded, absconded,  carrying  with  him  a  large  sum  of  money  belonging  to  the  society.  It  is  stated  that  the  bank-book  which  the  treasurer  had  was  altogether  composed  of  entries  of  an  im improper  proper improper  description,  and  that  the  bank  with  which  he  pro professed  fessed professed  to  have  an  account,  disavowed  having  had  any  deal dealings  ings dealings  with  the  society  whatever.  The  defalcations  are  said  to  exceed  £3OO.  THE  SOUTHAMPTON  MAIL  PACKETS.—The  Peninsular  and  Oriental  Company's  steam-ship,  Sultan,  under  the  command  of  Captain  John  Weeks,  leftlSouthampton  on  Thursday,  with  the  mails  for  the  Peninsula.  She  had  on  board  specie  to  the  value  of  £1,200  for  Lisbon,  a  usual  cargo,  and  thirty  passen passengers.  gers. passengers.  The  Magdalena  (C  a  pt  a  i  n  Abbot),  belonging  to  the  Royal  Mail  Company,  also  left  on  Thursday,  with  the  usual  West  India  Mails.  There  are  on  board  125  passen passengers.  gers. passengers.  The  Magdalena  has  taken  specie  to  the  value  of  £15,110  for  the  islands,  and  a  full  cargo  of  French  and  English  merchandise.  WINTER  CIRCUIT  OF  THE  JUDGES  FOR  LANCA  SHIRE  AND  YORKSHIRE.—On  Wednesday  the  judges  who  have  been  nominated  and  appointed  to  proceed  and  hold  the  win winter  ter winter  circuit  of  assize  of  Oyer  and  Terminer  and  general  goal  delivery  for  the  counties  of  York  and  Lancaster  finally  ap appointed  pointed appointed  the  days  for  opening  the  commissions  at  York  and  Liverpool,  viz.,  the  Itight  Henourabie•  Mr.  Dal  on  AUL,-  son  and  the  Hon.  Mr.  Baron  Martin,  the  judges  appointed  to  hold  the  assize  for  Lancashire,  fixed  Monday,  the  sth  day  of  December  next,  at  the  Court-house  at  Liverpool;  and  the  Hon.  Mr.  Justice  Coleridge  and  the  Hon.  Mr.  Justice  Wightman,  who  proceed  on  the  York  Circuit,  finally  fixed  Saturday,  the  10th  day  of  December  next,  at  the  Castle,  at  York,  to  hold  the  assize  for  the  city  and  county  of  York.  At  these  assizes  no  nisi  prius  cases  arc  to  betaken,  it  being  confined  to  criminal  business.  •  VISIT  OF  THE  EARL  OF  SHAFTESBURY  TO  THE  MAN MANCHESTER  CHESTER MANCHESTER  INDUSTRIAL  AND  RAGGED  SCHOOLS.-011  Thurs Thursday  day Thursday  his  lordship  was  conducted  over  this  establishment  by  the  Rev.  Canon  Clifton,  chairman  of  the  committee,  John  Taylor,  Esq.,  hon.  secretary,  and  other  friends  of  the  in institution.  stitution. institution.  His  lordship  carefully  inspected  the  workrooms  schools,  printing  office,  &amp;c.,  and  conversed  with  several  of  the  children  for  some  time  with  great  kindness  and  affabi affability.  lity. affability.  His  lordship  seemed  to  be  much  pleased  with  the  appear appearance  ance appearance  of  the  children  and  the  general  arrangements  of  the  establishment.  The  visit  occupied  about  an  hour  and  was  concluded  by  a  most  appropriated  address  to  the  assembled  school  in  which  his  lordship  spoke  ivith  great  feeling  and  affection,  'and  was  vociferously  'cheered  by  the  children  on  his  departure.  His  lordship  left  the  following  remarks  in  the  visitors'  book  :  —Extremely  delighted  by  the  appearance  and  manner  of  the  children,  by  the  manifest,  care,  and  dis discipline  cipline discipline  exercised  in  the  school,  by  the  locality  in  which  it  is  situated,  and  by  all  that  I  saw  and  heard,  I  heartely  de desire  sire desire  that  many  such  schools  be  established  here  and  eIse eIsewhere.—SIIAFTESBURY.  where.—SIIAFTESBURY. eIsewhere.—SIIAFTESBURY.  SUDDEN  DEATILS.—Thomas  Hamilton,  60  years  of  age,  dwelling  at  Ca  zneau  -  s  t  ree  t,  was  f  oun  d  d  ea  d  in  his  chair  by  the  kitchen  fire,  at  seven  o'clock  on  Thursday  evening.  A  woman  residing  in  the  same  house  had  been  speaking  to  him  a  very  short  time  before.  He  had  just  returned  from  an  ale-house  in  the  neighbourhood,  where  it  appears  he  had  drank  three  glasses  of  ale.—Mr.  Thomas  Shortiss,  brush  manufacturer,  113,  Whitechapel  was  found  dead  in  his  bed  at  eight  o'clock  yesterday  morning  by  his  wife.  They  had  slept  together  the  night  before,  and  the  deceased  had  en enjoyed  joyed enjoyed  an  unusually  good  night's,  rest.  Mrs.  Shortiss  had  left  him  at  six  o'clock  to  let  in  the  workpeople,  and  not  see  ing  him  at  breakfast  at  eight  o'clock,  according  to  his  usual  habit,  became  alarmed,  and  went  to  the  bedroom,  where  she  found  him  as  described.  The  deceeased  had  been  for  many  years  subject  to  epileptic  fits.  Inquests  will  be  held  in  both  the  above  cases  this  day."
