text
"DOCK  'COMMITTEE.  The  ordinary  weekly  meeting  of  this  committee  was  held  on  yesterday.  C.  TURNER,  Esq.,  in  the  chair.  The  other  members  present  were,  Messrs.  Grcgson,  Bighorn,  Royden,  Hind,  Robinson,  Brocklebank,  Chaloner,  Barber,  Holden,  Langsdale,  Rankin,  Evans,  and  Still.  The  sub-committee  recommended  in  their  report,  that  Mr.  George  Holme  be  declared  the  contractor  for  erecting  the  necessary  work  on  the  land  taken  by  Messrs.  Zodd,  Naylor,  and  Co.  A  communication  was  read  from  Mr.  Booth,  stat stating  ing stating  that  he  had  submitted  the  letter  of  the  Committee,  in  reference  to  the  Wapping  Station,  to  the  directors  of  his  company;  and  that  he  had  given  Mr.  Poole,  the  Goods'  - STYLE=superscript  manager,  instructions  to  comply  with  the  requirement  of  the  committee.  Mr.  LANGSDAL  observed  that  they  should  keep  the  com company  pany company  still  in  mind  of  this  matter,  otherwise  no  good  would  come  of  it.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  it  was  of  very  great  importance,  and  a  matter  of  very,  great  injury  to  the  estate,  and  great  incon inconvenience  venience inconvenience  to  the  public  generally.  The  sub-sommittee  also,  rcportedthat  the  Marine  depart department  ment department  required  3,000  p•allons  of  refined  olive  oil,  and  recom recommended  mended recommended  that  the  tender  of  Messrs.  Bancroft  and  Co.,  for  its  supply.  be  accepted.  They  also  recommended  that  the  tender  of  Messrs.  Cato,  Miller,  and  Co.,  for  the  supply  of  chains,  and  other  materials  required,  be  accepted,  confirmed.  The  Surveyor  reported  that  the  vessel  used  as  the  Liver  Buoy.  Tender  was  unfit  for  work,  that  she  was  thirty  years  old,  and  had  received  no  repairs  since  1845.  And  the  sub subcommitte  committe subcommitte  recommended  that  a  vessel,  not  exceeding  90  tons,  be  built  for  the  service.  Mr.  BIGHIM  inquired  if  the  vessel  were  to  be  of  iron  or  Mr  Romps  would  recommend  wood,  though,  at  the  same  time,  he  had  no  disrespect  for  iron.  (Laughter.)  Mr.  BROCKLEBANK  suggested  that  the  further  consider consideration  ation consideration  of  the  subject  be  referred  to  the  Marine  Committee.  Mr.  EVANS  hoped  that  the  tenders  for  the  construction  of  the  vessel  would  not  be  confined  to  Liverpool,  but  that  it  would  be  extended  to  other  places.-  The  exactions  of  the  carpenters,  and  also  of  a  few  - STYLE=superscript  of  the  masters,  had  now  ar arrived  rived arrived  at  that  point  that  it  was  absolutely  intolerable.  In  faet,  there  were  now  journeymen  carpenters  making  12s.  a  BIGIL&amp;M  said  that  in  support  of  what  had  fallen  from  Mr.  Evans,  he  could  state  that  a  new  pilot  boat  had  to  bo  built  a  abort  time  since.  The  Pilots  were  deeply  .  interesied  :  in  getting  the  best  boat  that  could  be  had,  consistent  with  economy,  but  such  was  the  price  demanded  in  Liverpool,  - STYLE=superscript  that  they  were  absolutely  forced  to  have  her  built  in  Ipswich,  the  difference  between  the  two  places  being  some something  thing something  like  £5OO.  In  Ipswich,  the  cost  was  £l,BOO  or  £1,900,  while  in  Liverpool  the  price  demanded  was  £2,300.  A  communication  was  read  from  the  Harbour  Master,  in  reference  to  the  letter  of  the  Coroner  about  the  want  of  life lifebuoys  buoys lifebuoys  at  Stanley  Dock.  The  Harbour  Master  stated  that  there  were  three  or  four  buoys  always  in  the  Dock,  and  that  at  the  time  the  boy  was  drowned,  there  were  two  life-buoys  within  forty  yards  of  him..  The  sub-committee  further  recommended  that  the  ap application  plication application  of  the  Messrs.  Richardson  for  2,000  feet  of  quay quayage  age quayage  at  the  west  end•  of  the  Wellington  Dock,  for  storing  coals  for  their  own  vessels,  be  granted  in  the  usual  terms.  The  sub-committee  also  recommended  that  the  following  men  be  appointed  dock-gate  keepers  :—William  Rogers,  Richard  Stephenson,  William  Connell,  and  Joseph  Anderson.  Confirmed.  Mr.  BIGHAM  asked  if  there  were  any  report  from  the  Harbour  Master's  Committee  in  reference,  to  the  two  men  whom  lie  (Mr.  Bigham)  had  mentioned  last  week.  He  heard  since  that  these  men  were  engaged,  at  the  time  of  the  accident,  in  the  performance  of  some  duty  by  the  order  of  their  superior  officer.  They  perforined  that  duty  successfully,  and  so  saved  several  thousand  pounds'  worth  of  property  from  destruction,  for  which  the  estate  would  be  held  liable  ;  but,  unfortunately,  while  they  were  so  engaged,  several  of  their  limbs  were  broken.  He  therefore  thought  that  the  committee  would  not  refuse  to  continue  to  them  their  wages,  as  a  stimulant  and  encouragement  to  others  to  imitate  their  example—to  perform  their  work  with  zeal,  and  by  extra  exertions,  at  all  times,  to  endeavour  to  save  the  property  of  the  trust.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  that  the  subject  was  under  considera consideration,  tion, consideration,  but  that  it  was  thout  better  to  defer  it  until  the  return  of  Mr.  Lockett.  Mr.  STEELE  wished  to  call  the  attention  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  Committee  to  .a  matter  of  not  much  importance  to  them,  but  of  great  importance  to  the  timber  trade.  The  system  in  the  Hus Huskisson  kisson Huskisson  dock  at  the  cranes,  was  to  charge  the  same  price  1  per  lift,  no  matter  whether  it  was  ten  feet  or  fifty  feet  of  timber.  Now,  as  they  were  offering  such  immense  anvantages  to  re remove  move remove  the  prejudices  of  the  trade  generally,  he  thought  they  should  adopt  a  more  liberal  policy  with  respect  to  the  lifting  of  timber  into  floats,  that  the  charge  at  the  crane  be  at  a  certain  price  per  ton  for  all  timber.  The  CHAIRMAN  suggested  that  it  would  be  better  to  bring  the  matter  first  before  the  Harbour  Master's  Committee.  It  was  a  matter  of  importance,  and  he  believed  that  the  system  recommended  by  Mr.  Steele  would  be  adopted.  Mr.  STEELE  further  suggested  that  the  charge  be  1(1.  per  ton.  A  evtiamuilitotivit  nom  Chu  00211.1100i012.GL0  uppvintod  to  enquire  into  the  local  charges  on  shipping  was  then  read.  It  stated  that  they  would  be  in  Liverpool  on  the  19th  inst.,  and  that  they  would  commence  their  inquiry,  which  would  be  open  to  the  public  at  11  o'clock  on  that  day.  The  Mayor  received  a  like  communication,  and,  in  return,  informed  the  Commissioners,  that  accommodation  would  be  provided  for  them  in  St.  George's  Hall,  to  hold  the  inquiry.  The  Committee  then  rose.  H't  ~  SQr  .4  BANK-  I  - STYLE=superscript  EXTRAORDINARY  ...WV  RUPT  TVIT.Ag  aßca4B77cf_9_p  Yesterday  morning  intifl4eliee44  iatabltb.c  firm  o  f  Messrs.  Ashurst  and  Softyssolieit  y,  of  the  capture  of  Michael  ThotaitCBt*e  . STYLE=superscript  —  414440v14.:4.  mpton,  under  the  following  cirdtitat  - STYLE=superscript  eifizAri.-4:,,,,,../  ,  Isk  il  '.  •  --.,..-  -  ~  p STYLE=superscript  sf  Some  years  ago,  We  ~-  1 STYLE=superscript  .;:,.-a,‘,._  ..  -  ...tt  ,  Avon  the  petition  of  Messrs,  Whi  '4'  ,. STYLE=superscript  co.,  litioaCe  ware warehousemen,  housemen, warehousemen,  108,  Cheapside  x  '  ~  I:‘liglail  )1-  - STYLE=superscript  er:i  .  cyfly  disposed  of  his  stock,  &amp;c.,  as  ,  a  . STYLE=superscript  aran4,  .t  Whicli.  t STYLE=superscript  .buSiness  ho  ,had  carried  on  •in  the  toWnNon  itoirifoid)..ais'cx.  He  ab absconded,  sconded, absconded,  and  in  due  course  was  proclaimed  au.  - STYLE=superscript  outlaw,  and  nothing  -  more  was  heard  of  him  until  about  three  weeks  or  a  month  ago.  From  information  then  received  by  some  of  the  very  clever  London  it  was  as ascertained  certained ascertained  that  Welsh,.  after  his  bankruptcy,  had  gone  to  Dieppe,  and  finaly  made  Australia  his  place  of  refuge.  Here  he  became  a:dealer  in  gold,  and  was  so  successful  as  to  amass  above  8,0001.  He  returned  to  England  about  a  month  since  in  the  Indus,  having  travelled  by  the  Overland  route.  He  visited  the  metropolis,  having  a  large  sum  in  his  possess possession,  ion, possession,  and  lie  was  with  great  ingenuity  from  place  to  place  by  the  He  gave  champagne  dinners  and  suppers  at  the  Tavistobk,  the  Siii'acen's  Head,  and  other  first-rate  hotels,  and  his  lavishness  to  the  cmp/oyes  impeded  in  no  Small  degree  the  Officers  in  eliciting-information.  A  satis satisfactory  factory satisfactory  clue  was  at  length  obtained  to  his  movements,  and  Mr.  J.  B.Walker  (of  the  firm  of  Boyd  and  Co.,  Friday-street),  one  of  the  trade  assigneess  under  the  bankruptcy,  proceeded  on  Wednesday  night  to  Southampton  and  found  that  Welsh  had  taken  a  birth  on  board  the  ilermione,  lying  in  .those  docks.  Mr.  Walker  succeeded  in  effecting  his  capture,  when  it  was  .found  that  he  was  possessed  of  above  7,0001.  ill  gold  and  other  property.  Yeiterday  morning  Russell,  the  detect detective  ive detective  officer,  was  despatched  with  a  warrant,  signed  by  Mir.  Commissioner  Evans,  to  bring  the  delinquent  up  to  London,  with  the  view  to  his  committal  to  Newgate.  Of  course,  this  remarkable  case  will  undergo  investigation,  and  the  credi  Ors  under  the  bankruptcy  will  now'  obtain  their  de'•  full.  .  -  TVIIIAI?KET  Handicap  Sweepstakes  -YEsl  St.  Faith  King  David  Sweepststakes  10  sovs,  Half  lib.  M  Roanli  Mouser  Twelve  rar  Mateh—Dadchick  beat  Physalis  filly.  Sweepstakes  10  SOTS  ;  , STYLE=superscript  .2  year  olds"
