text
"WEST  DERBY  UNION.  Yesterday  the  guardians  of  this  board  held  their  usual  weekly  meeting  at  the  Board-room,  Mill-street,  Everton.  The  Rev.  Mr.  Badnall,  the  chairman  of  the  board,  pre presided.  sided. presided.  The  other  guardians  present  were,  Messrs.  Lunt,  Shaw,  Abrahams,  Roberts,  Wensley,  Pitts,  Edwards,  Clayton,  Medcalf,  Siddeley,  Harrison,  Morris,  Mount Mountfield,  field, Mountfield,  Pickup,  Batten,  Birch,  and  Mullens.  OFFICIAL  RETURNS,  The  master  of  the  hospital  reported,  that  there  were  at  last  report  104  patients  in  that  establishment,  admitted  since,  9  ;  discharged,  4.  Number  last  week,  109,  and  for  the  corresponding  week  of  last  year,  77.  The  master  of  the  workhouse  reported,  that  there  were  Tats  report,  704  paupers  in  the  workhouse  ;  since  which,  19  have  been  admitted  ;  .51  discharged,  born,  2.  This  weett,  738,  and  for  the  corresponding  week  last  year,  667.  Cheques  to  the  amount  of  £216  were  voted  for  the  maintenance  of  the  out-door  floor,  within  the  several  districts  of  the  union.  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  Harrison,  it  was  agreed  that  the  poor  law  board  should  be  requested  to  send  an  inspector  for  the  purpose  of  taking  the  averages  of  the  different  townships,  in  consequence  of  the  inequalities  that  at  present  existed.  The  visiting  committee  recommended  that  the  rooms  formerly  known  and  occupied  as  a  girl's  school  room,  be  used  for  a  dormitory  for  the  dissolute  and  disorderly  female  inmates  in  the  workhouse  ;  that  the  master  of  the  workhouse  in  connection  with  the  medical  officer,  and  the  workhouse  committee,  he  instructed  to  prepare  an  inferior  dietary  for  disorderly  females.  In  regard  tr&gt;  provision  for  pregnant  single  women,  the  committee  reported,  that  there  is  not  sufficient  space  in  the  present  workhouse  to  make  any  further  classification.  Several  letters  were  read  from  the  Poor-law  Board,  relative  to  various  matters,  amongst  wnich  was  cne  refusing  to  give  their  consent  to  increasing  the  salaries  of  three  relieving  officers,  Messrs.  Barnett,  Allen,  and  Latham,  which  the  board  had  voted  at  a  former  meeting.  It  was  agreed  that  the  board  should  be  requested  to  re-consider  the  matter,  and  direct  their  inspector  to  inquire  into  the  merits  of  the  case.  After  transacting  some  business  of  a  purely  routine  character,  the  board  adjourned.  COUNTY  COURT.  v-  -  E  STE  RDAY  -..---.____.  (BEFORE  JOSEPH  POLLOCK,  BSC2.)  PARSONS  V.  FINLAY.—The  plaintiff  was  proprietor  of  the  Alersey  Hotel,  and  the  action  was  brought  to  r  e  ceive  £3  17s.  The  defendant  admitted  £1  2s.  for  sundries  supplied  by  plaintiff.  The  remainder  of  the  amount  £2  155.,  was  for  the  value  of  four  fowls  destroyed  by  the  defendant's  dog.  The  defendant  resided  near  the  plain plaintiff,  tiff, plaintiff,  and  was  found  one  moraing  in  the  fowl-house,  where  two  of  the  fowls  were  found  dead,  and  two  abets  so  badly  injured  that  they  died.  The  fowls  were  Cochin-  China,  and  were  shown  to  be  worth  the  amount  claimed.  A  verdict  was  given  for  the  plaintiff  accordingly.  ARMY  CONTRACTS.-It  is  rumoured  that  the  present  mode  of  supplying  the  army  with  regimental  clothing  and,  necessaries  will  be  discontinued  at  the  end  of  the  military  year.  and  that  a  general  contract  for  the  whole  army  will  be  entered  into,  the  supply  to  be  furnished  by  one  contractor,  and  that  Weedon  will  be  the  great  depot  to  receive  all  clothing  and  stores  for  inspection,  previous  to  their  being  forwarded  on  requisition'  to  the  different  corps."
