text
"POLICE  COURT.  v  --ESTERDAY.  Docx.  ROBBERIES.—John  _Heron  and  Peter  Starling  were  charged  by  police-officer  198,  with  stealing  some  flour  from  the  Sandon  Dock.  The  officer  was  on  duty  when  he  ob obs  s obs  erved  the  prisoners,  each  with  a  bundle  in  his  possession,  upon  seeing  whom  they  immediately  ran  towards  the  Dock  Basin;  into  which  they  threw  two  bundles  of  flour.  As  no  owner  could  be  found  for  the  flour  they  were  discharged.  ROBBING  A  SAlLOR.—Matilda  Conway  and  Mary  Finn  were  charged  with  stealing  two  coats,  the  property  of  two  sailors.  Police  officer  218  was  on  duty  in  Park-lane,  when  he  saw  the  prisoners  with  two  coats  in  their  possession.  The  coats  were  identified  by  the  owners,  who,  it  appeared,  had  arrived  in  Liverpool  the  previous  day,  when  they  fell  in  with  the  and  being  short  of  money  they  kept  their  coats.  Discharged.  EMBEZZLEMENT.--.Toseph  Porter  was  charged  with  em embezzling  bezzling embezzling  the  sum  of  355.,  the  property  of  his  mistress.  The  defendant  was  employed  to  drive  a  cart,  when,  instead  of  accounting  for  the  money  as  he  received  it,  he  gave  in  a  number  of  fictitious  names  as  owing  money,  and  when  he  was  about  to  be  detected  by  his  mistress  sending  in  the  bills,  he  decamped.  There  not  being  sufficient  legal  evidence  to  justify  a  committal,  the  offender  was  discharged.  EXTENSIVE  ROBBERY  BY  A  SHOP  BOY.—John  Goodwin,  an  intelligent  and  respectable  looking  lad,  was  charged  with  robbing  his  employer,  Mr.  James  Calvert,  jeweller,  Bold Boldstreet,  street, Boldstreet,  of  a  large  quantity  of  silver  and  gold  pencil  cases,  thimbles,  and  other  valuable  articles.  A  young  lady  from  the  establishment  stated  that  she  had  repeatedly  observed  that  the  cases  in  which  the  pencil  cases  were  kept  had  been  misplaced,  and,  in  order  to  detect  the  offender,  on  Friday  evening  she  placed  one  of  them  very  particularly,  and  upon  going  into  the  shop  on  the  following  morning  she  found  it  had  been  opened.  She  accused  the  lad,  who  at  first  posi positively  tively positively  denied  all  knowledge  of  the  transaction,  but  subse subsequently  quently subsequently  admttted  that  he  had  taken  many  articles  and  given  them  away  to  other  boys.  One  of  the  lads  was  produced,  who  admitted  that  he  had  received  five  pencil  cases  from  the  prisoner,  and  he  knew  another  lad  who  had  had  several  thimbles.  The  prisoner  said  he  had  given  the  witness  the  goods  because  he  had  told  him  if  he  did  not  he  would  tell  his  mistress  that  he  had  been  imprisoned  for  stealing  a  £2O  note,  by  which  he  would  have  lost  his  place.  This  the  witness  denied,  when  he  was  further  accused  of  robbing  his  own  employer.  The  magistrate  censured  the  witness  for  not  giving  information  at  the  time,  and  committed  the  prisoner  for  two  months'  imprisonment,  some  of  the  property  having  been  recovered.  STEALING  MONEY  PROM  A  SAILOR.—Mary  Kearns,  the  keeper  of  a  brothel,  was  charged  with  robbing  a  negro  sailor  of  a  sovereign.  It  appeared  that  the  sailor,  who  arrived  by  the  ship  yesterday,  took  a  stroll  on  shore,  when  he  was  accosted  by  a  female,  with  whom  he  went  to  the  prisoner's  house.  After  sitting  by  the  fire  some  little  time,  he  felt  the  prisoner's  hand  in  his  pocket,  from  which  he  missed  a  sovereign.  The  prisoner  denied  the  charge,  and  endeavoured  to  accuse  the  young  female,  but  the  sailor  was  positive,  and  she  was  committed  for  fourteen  days.  ROBBING  AN  EMPLOYER.-  William  Cockshot,  an  elderly  man  employed  at  Messrs.  Neville's  foundry,  Great  Charlotte  street,  was  charged  with  stealing  some  copper.  A  detective  officer  having  received  information  last  night,  watched  the  prisoner  from  his  employer's  foundry  to  a  broker's  in  Brown Brownlow-hill,  low-hill, Brownlow-hill,  where  he  saw  him  deposit  some  copper  in  the  scales,  and  immediately  arrested  him.  The  copper  was  identified  by  Mr.  Neville,  who  stated  the  prisoner  had  been  in  his  employ  about  three  months.  The  broker  having  ex exculpated  culpated exculpated  himself  by  saying  that  the  prisoner  had  only  asked  permission  to  weigh  the  copper,  and  that  he  had  not  bought  it,  the  magistrate  committed  the  prisoner  to  the  house  of  correction  for  two  months.  RATHER  AN  EXPENSIVE  APPETITE.—A  young  woman,  named  Ellen  Murphy,  was  charged  with  steam  and  swal swallowing  lowing swallowing  a  gold  welding  ring.  Mr.  James  *indock,  of  Marybone,  stated  the  prisoner  came  into  his  shop  on  the  previous  evening,  and  asked  to  look  at  some  wedding  rings.  lie  showed  her  some,  when  he  recollected,  about  two  years  since,  the  prisoner  had  played  him  a  trick,  so  he  watched  her  narrowly.  He  distinctly  saw  her  place  a  ring  upon  her  finger,  put  her  finger  into  her  mouth,  after  which  the  ring  was  gone.  She  was  given  into  custody  immediately.  The  magistrate,  this  being  the  second  time  the  prisoner  had  committed  a  similar  offence,  committed  her  for  one  month,  during  which  she  would  be  fed  on  diet  much  less  expensive  and  more  conducive  to  her  health.  THE  CHARGE  OF  FORGING  ORDERS  FOR  THE  DELIVERY  OP  GOODS.—,Tohn  Woods,  late  a  clerk  in  the  employ  of  Messrs.  Seddon,  was  again  brought  up  on  the  above  charge.  John  Bentley  was  also  charged  with  being  an  accomplice.  The  facts  of  the  case  have  already  appeared  in  this  journal.  Mr.  Keogh,  the  detective  officer,  applied  for  a  further  remand,  and  stated,  that  he  should,  if  that  was  granted  him,  be  en enabled  abled enabled  to  produce  abundance  of  evidence  against  the  parties.  The  magistrate,  after  hearing  some  evidence  concerning  the  two  parties  accused,  granted  a  general  remand.  THE  ACCUSER  ACCUSED.—The  young  woman  charged  yesterday  with  stealing  books  was  again  brought  up,  wh  en  the  owner  said  he  sho  u  ld  decline  to  prosecute,  as  ho  was  perfoetly  satisfied  his  servant  was  the  more  guilty  party  of  the  two.  IMPRISONMENT  or  co  USE.—_L  young  urchin,  who  had  already  been  five  times  in  custody,  was  charged  with  stealing  butter  from  the  shop  of  Mrs.  Harris,  Cecil-street.  The  case  was  clearly  proved,  and  the  magistrate,  after  designating  him  a  hardened  young  villian,  committed  him  for  another  month,  during  which  period  he  is  to  be  well  whipped.  A  carter  named  Gray,  has  been  arrested  in  Glasgow  for  a  series  of  thefts  extending  over  a  period  of  18  months.  He  was  in  the  employment  of  the  Caledonian  railway  company,  and  has  confessed  his  dishonesty.  DISTINGUISHED  VISITORS  AT  CAMERIDGE.—On  Wednes Wednesday  day Wednesday  the  Duke  of  Cambridge  and  his  relative  the  Duke  of  Brabant,  son  of  the  king  of  the  Belgians,  visited  Cambridge  when  an  honorary  degree  of  doctor  was  conferred  on  the  latter.  PROGRESS  OF  HOLYHEAD  HARBOUR.—Very  rapid  pro progress  gress progress  is  being  made  in  the  new  harbour  works  at  Holyhead,  and  it  is  expected  that  the  contractors  will  be  able  to  com complete  plete complete  them  in  the  required  time,  August  of  next  year.  THE  PROPOSED  BRITISH  EMBASSY  CHURCH  AT  PARIS.—  The  promoters  of  this  undertaking  have  determined  to  make  a  very  important  alteration  in  their  scheme,  in  com compliance  pliance compliance  with  communications  made  to  them.  Instead  of  sitting  for  ten  years  on  payment  of  ten  guineas  per  sitting,  subscribers  may  have  sittings  rent-free  and  transferable  for  five  years,  from  the  day  of  opening  the  church,  on  payment  of  five  guineas.—Gedignaui.  NEW  MATERIAL  FOR  PHOTOGRAPHS.—Messrs  .  Wuloff,  Paris,  have  placed  before  the  French  Institute  some  speci specimens  mens specimens  of  photography  on  linen,  oil-cloth,  chintz,  &amp;c.  The  discovery  will  be  of  great  i  m  p  or  tance  for  architectural  orna ornamentation,  mentation, ornamentation,  and  other  useful  purposes.  Such  pictures  can  be  cleaned  by  wiping,  nay,  they  can  be  washed,  and  a  portrait  on  linen  or  long  cloth  can  be  forwarded  in  a  letter.  As,  moreover,  these  photographs  can  be  obtained  at  a  cheaper  rate  than  those  on  metal  or  paper,  the  art  will  become  more  popularised.  Messrs.  keep  their  procedure  yet  secret,  but  it  is  thought  that  they  operate  on  a  preparation  of  iodised  collodion.—The  Builder.  THE  PARIS  CORRESPONDENT.—Next  to  the  berth  of  ambassador  at  Paris,  the  post  of  the  correspondent  of  the  Times  is  perhaps  most  to  be  desired.  His  salary  is  up upwards  wards upwards  of  £1,20  ►)  a-year  ;he  has  a  handsome  suite  of  rooms,  furnished  and  paid  for  by  the  paper;  he  has  two  clerks  con constantly  stantly constantly  in  his  employ,  who  read  the  French  journals,  trans translate,  late, translate,  collate,  cut  out  items  from  Galignani,  and  add  their  eyes,  invention,  experience,  and  observation  to  his.  These  gentlemen  are  paid  by  the  Times,  of  course.  The  corres correspondent  pondent correspondent  buys  and  charges  to  the  paper  any  books  of  which  he  may  stand  in  need  ;  and  the  library  is  a  very  choice  and  complete  collection  of  standard  authors,  cyclopmdias,  dic dictionaries,  tionaries, dictionaries,  and  other  works  of  reference:  He  is  empowered  to  pay  for  any  important  intellience,  just  what  it  may  cost.  When  the  post-office  °loses  early—to  the  infinite  annoyance  of  the  correspondents  of  lower  degree—he  writes  on  merrily  to  sunset,  and  then  hires  a  man  to  jump  into  the  seven  o'clock  train,  and  take  his  letter  to  London  The  Times  pays  the  bill.—London  Correspondent  of  the  Cam Cambridge  bridge Cambridge  Independent  Press.  PRIVATE  MOVEMENTS  OF  THE  ENGLISH  IN  JAPAN.-By  reference  to  our  telegraphic  despatches,  it  will  be  seen  that  our  transatlantic  cousins  have  been  putting  in  a  good  word  for  us  with  the  Japanese  government.  Dr.  Bowring,  who  officiates  as  sponsor  for  the  American  people,  assures  his  majesty  of  Japan  that  we  are  a  terrible  set  of  fellows  if  pro provoked,  voked, provoked,  but  easily  got  rid  of  if  allowed  our  own  way,  and  left  to  tire  ourselves.  What  motive  induced  the  British  government  to  interfere  in  thii  matter,  it  is  not  difficult  to  conjecture.  We  obtained  admission  to  the  Chinese  five  ports  by  stepping  in  as  soon  as  the  English  had  bullied  the  Celestials,  and  knocked  the  roofs  of  Nankin  about  their  ears,  The  British  intend  to  return  us  the  compliment  by  paving  the  way  for  our  admission  to  Jeddo,  and  look  forward  confidently  to  share  any  benefits  which  Perry's  expedition  may  secure.  how  far  their  hopes  will  be  realised  in  this  respect,  time  will  show.  Meanwhile,  the  Japanese  will  make  an  awful  blunder  if  they  let  Dr.  Bowring  persuade  them  that  we  will  grow  tired  of  having  acce  ss  t  o  a  seapor  t  in  the  Japan  ese  islands.  What  •we  obtain  we  shall  hold  pretty  firmly,  for  a  few  centuries  at  least.  --Hew  'ark  Herald.  FRENCH  WINES  FOR  ENGLISH  PALATM  —A  wino  mer merchant  chant merchant  seems  to  be  under  the  impression  that  the  only  wines  suited  for  the  English  palate  are  those  he  deals  with—claret  and  hock,  In  tins  feeling  he  adopts  a  similar  sentiment  to  that  of  the  Douro  merchants,  who  think  port  wine  only  wholesome  for  the  Englishman.  Is  he  aware  that  the  strong,  wholesome  wines  of  the  Rhone  and  of  the  South  of  France  are  largely  used  at  Bordeaux,  and  that  those  from  the  south  of  France  have  even  been  largely  introduced  into  Oporto  ?  Is  he  aware  that  the  Pyrenees  Orientales  produces  annnally  on  an  average,  80,000  to  100,000  pipes  of  wine  (much  very  fine),  and  that  last  year,  from  that  department,  40,000  pipes  were  exported?  ThQ  wines  from  the,  south  of  France  and  fpm  the  vineyards  of  the  Rhone  are  many  of  them  suited  for  the  use  of  the  artisan,  mechanic,  and  laborer  ;  and,  even  at  the  present  prices,  which  are  higher  than  they  have  been  for  above  30  years,  could  be  delivered  her;  at  the  reduced  duty  of  is  per  gallon,  at  12s,  per  dozen.  Large  divisions  of  land  are  at  this  moment  being  planted  with  vines,  and  should  the  demand  require  it,.  double  the  present  quantity  could  easily  be  produced  in  a  few  years.  The  yield  of  France  averages  annually,  of  all  sorts  of  wines,  above  920,000,000  gallons,  and  we  import  under  800,000  gallons.  —.B  .  S.  .8.,  in  The  Times."
