text
"If  we  can  ring  out  such  base,  bloody,  and  inhuman  deeds  with  the  old  year,  'twill  be  a  blessed  consummation.  Meanwhile,  let  us  hold  up  to  public  scorn  and  universal  desecration  all  wife-beating  monsters  !  There  is  a  power  more  prepotent  than  law,  and  that  is  the  concurrent  Will  of  mankind.  It  is  omnipotent.  Let  it  but  act,  and  the  remedy  is  certain  POLITICAL  MOVEMENTS.  The  following  am  the  latest  movements  chronicled  in  the  London  journals  of  yesterday  evening  :  The  Earl  of  Aberdeen,  soon  after  his  arrival  at  his  official  residence  in  Downing-street,  received  Lord  Panmure,  with  whom  the  noble  earl  remained  closeted  upwards  of  an  hour.  The  cabinet  ministers  met  in  council  at  one  o'clock,  Lord  John  Russell  having  had  an  interview  of  the  Earl  of  Aber Aberdeen  deen Aberdeen  prior  to  the  assembling  of  the  cabinet.  The  Earl  of  Clarendon,  Sir  William  Molesworth,  Sir  Charles  Wood,  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  and  the  Duke  of  Newcastle,  were  punctual  in  their  attendance,  the  Lord  Chancellor  joining  his  colleagues  from  the  Court  of  Chancery.  The  Ministry  remained  in  deliberation  until  six  o'clock.  Viscount  and  Viscountess  Palmerston,  and  his  Excellency  Count  Walewski  (the  French  ambassador),  arrived  in  town  on  Saturday,  at  half  -past  three,  from  Bowood,  where  they  had  been  partaking  of  the  hospitality  of  the  noble  marquis.  Count  Walewski  has  since  returned  to  remain  some  days  with  the  distinguished  party  staying  at  that  hospitable  seat.  The  Right  Honourable  Sir  James  Graham  leaves  town  to-day  on  a  visit  to  her  Majesty  at  Osborne,  and  returns  on  Wednesday  morning.  The  Cabinet  Council  on  Saturday,  as  will  be  seen  by  the  above  record,  sat  four  hours,  and  the  ministers  present  were  Lords  Aberdeen,  John  Russell,  Granville,  Clarendon,  and  Newcastle,  the  Chancellor,  Mr.  Gladstone,  Sir  James  Gra Graham,  ham, Graham,  Sir  Charles  Wood,  Sir  W.  Molesworth,  and  Mr.  Sid Sidney  ney Sidney  Herbert.  Rumour  declares  that  the  ministers  would  have  been  very  glad  to  hit  upon]  reasons  cogent  enough  to  induce  Lord  Palmerston  to  revise  his  decision,  and  to  re remain  main remain  in  the  cabinet  a  little  It  is  stated  that  Sir  George  Gray  has  refused  the  Home-office  on  personal  Lord  Panmure  has  been  asked  to  come  from  Scotland  to  give  his  advice  (it  is  said)  about  reform,  but  it  is  believed,  in  some  quarters,  with  a  view  to  taking  the  post  vacated  by  Lord  Palmerston.  He  will  be  remembered  as  an  enemy  of  the  ballot.  The  resignations  have  caused  a  ter terrible  rible terrible  flutter  in  official  and  just  before  Chsistmas,  The  Sunday  Times  has  its  word  to  say  on  the  subject.  Here  it  is  :  have  reason  to  believe  that  the  statements  made  by  the  ministerial  organ,  the.  Times,  to  the  effect  that  Lord  Palmerston  is  opposed  to  all  reform  in  our  repreFentative  system,  is  grossly  exaggerated,  if  not  altogether  unfounded.  It  is  suite  true  that  the  noble  lord  entertained  conscientious  objections  to  some  of  the  provisions  of  the  measure  prepared  by  Lord  John  Russell,  and  that  he  withdrew  from  the  cabinet  expressly  on  that  ground,  but  it  is  utterly  untrue  to  say  that  he  was  therefore  opposed  to  any  proposition  for  improvement.  On  the  contrary,  we  have  the  very  best  reasons  for  knowing  that  Lord  Palmerston  was  favourable  to  what  he  considered  an  extended  principle  of  reform,  but  the  plan  proposed  for  his  adoption  in  committee  appeared  to  him  to  effect  c  h  anges  o  f  an  extensive  character  without  being  improvements,  and  which  he  considered  were  not  called  for  by  the  circumstances  of  the  country,  or  even  by  the  demands  of  the  liberal  party,  so  that  he  felt  impelled  to  an  immediate  and  decisive  course  of  'HE  SECESSION  OF  LORD  P..4.LMERSTON  (From  our  Second  Edition  of  Yesterday.)  We  'have  much  satisfaction  in  stating  that  there  is  no  foundation  for  the  report  that  the  Marquis  of  Lansdowne  has  ceased  to  be  a  member  of  the  present  government.  The  Times  in  a  leading  article  repeats  its  asser assertion—that  tion—that assertion—that  Lord  Palmerston  resigned  because  he  could  not  agree  to  Lord  John  Russell's  reform  bill.  The  same  paper  also  understands  that  upon  Lord  Palmerston's  resignation  Lord  Aberdeen  offered  the  Home  office  to  Lord  John  Russell,  and  regrets  to  hear  that  the  offer  was  declined,  mainly  from  the  fear  that  his  acceptance  might  be  misconstrued.  Theloffice  has  now  been  offered  to  Sir  George  Grey,  and  waits  his  acceptance  or  rejection.  The  Herald  says  that  Sir  George  Grey  will  pro probably  bably probably  be  the  . STYLE=superscript  new  Home  Secretary.  It  is  known  there  is  a  serious  difference  between  the  Whig  and  peelite  sections  of  the  cabinet,  and  that  each  party  held  a  separate  meeting  in  the  course  of  yesterday.  Two  messengers  have  been  sent  to  Lord  Lans Lansdowne  downe Lansdowne  from  Osborne.  The  Morning  Post  does  not  .hesitate  to  affirm,  with  confidence,  that  from  the  first  serious  difference  of  opinion  with  regard  to  the  course  to  be  pursued  towards  Russia,  which  existed  between  Lord  Palmerston  .  and  a  certain  section  of  the  cabinet,  and  .  that  the  Home  Secretary's  views  were  opposed  to  those  of  the  premier.  It  was  not,  however,  for  a  patriotic  man,  whose  experience  was  acknowledged,  and  whose  countenance  was  requested  by  all,  to  resign  office,  because  he  could  not  persuade  others  to  be  altogether  of  his  convicton.  Suffice  it  that  he  could  effecta  partial  good,  and  be  of  more  use  in  the  cabinet  than  out  of  it.  •  The  Post  .says  the  passage  of  the  Pruth  by  he  Russians  should  have  been  fol followed  lowed followed  by  the  entrance  of  our  fleets  into  the  Black  Sea,  and  a  declaration  that.  if  the  bowsprit  of  a  Russian  man-of-war  appeared  beyond  the  harbour  of  Sebastopol,  it  would  certainly  result  in  his  ships  being  towed  to  Constantinople.  Instead  of  thi  vigorous  and  effective  policy,  our  ships  are  merely  lying  in  the  Bosphorus.  A  course,  apparently  lame  and  timid,  has  been  pursued,  and  the  auda•  city  of  Russia  has  been  encouraged,  not  checked  That  Lord  Palmerston  throughout  has  urged  a  straightforward  and  honourable  policy,  his  every  precedent  guarantees,  and  the  Post  has  every  reason  to  believe  that  to  neglect  of  his  advice,  the  disaster  of  Sinope,  and  the  present  unfortunate  state  is  owing.  The  article  concludes  by  expressing  the  conviction  that  Lord  Palmerston  has  not  approved  of  the  sluggish  policy  pursued  in  the  Eastern  Question,  and  the  certainty  that  he  is  favorable  to  as  large  a  measure  of  reform  as  is  demanded  by  public  opinion,  and  as  he  thinks,  compatible  with  the  true  interest  of  the  country,*  The  Cabinet  Council  sat  four  hours  on  Saturday,  The  Pans  Moniteur  says  Lord  Palmerston's  resig resignation  nation resignation  cannot  in  any  way  affect  the  good  under•  standing  which  fortunately  exists  between  France  and  England  on  the  great  interest  which  at  pre  sent  occupy  the  nations  of  Europe.  The  Duke  of  Hamilton  has  Purchased  Beaufort  House,  in  Arlington-street,  for  £60,000.  life.  She  then  secretes  the  deadly  weapon  amongst  the  bed-clothes.  The  dastardly  scoundrel  fumbles  in  the  dark  for  the  poker—but  not  finding  it  in  its  place,  becomes  enraged—seizes  the  kettle  from  the  fire-place,  and  strikes  her  on  the  head  with  such  violence,  that  the  pipe  of  it  becomes  bent,  whilst  she  falls  prostrate  fainting  on  the  floor  !  The  wretch  with  whom  she  cohabits,  upon  b'eing  taken  to  the  station-house,  expresses  no  compunction  for  his  barbarity,  but  says,  tather,  that  he  is  glad  of  it,  and  he  did  not  care  a  ---  if  he  got  hanged,  as  he  was  determined  to  get  rid  of  her  We  might,  if  we  had  a  mind,  increase  the  catagory.  What,  then,  is  to  be  , STYLE=superscript  done  to  arrest  the  progress  of  an  evil  which  threatens  to  become  daily  more  general  and  alarming?  Such  horrible  and  devilish  acts  would  be  a  disgrace  to  any  country  at  any  epoch;  more  especially  to  Great  Britain  and  the  nineteenth  .century  !  A  beater  and  hitti.derer  of  women  !  Can  we  conceive  of  a  viler  monster  ?  Can  imagination  plank()  to  itself  a  more  disgustigg  wretch?  Should  not  society  brand  the  infamous  creature  with  dishonour  and  disdain  ?  and  greet  his  presence  with  public  hootings  and  shouts  of  obloqUy  ?  Should  he  not  be  banished  from  civi civilised  lised civilised  life,  as  a  wild  beast  unfit  f  or  th  e  h  a  bi  tat  i  ons  of  rational  men  ?  Fit  for  murder,  stratagem,  and  spoil  no  such  noxious  reptile  should  be  suffered  to  herd  with  human  kind.  Not  justice  alone,  but  manly  feeling  and  outraged  decency  must  resent  such  diabolical  displays  of  human  depravity.  We  need  not  torture  the  wretch  who  commits  such  enormities  phySically—that  would  only  brutalise  him  the  more—but  we  must  make  him  sensitive  of  public  opinion;  and  the  scoffs  and  loathings  of  his  former  associates  shall  be  like  poisoned  arrows  in  his  soul!  The  public  must  rise  up,  en  masse,  and,  with  a  voice  of  thunder,  denounce  the  perpe perpetrators  trators perpetrators  of  such  flagrant  atrocities  :  0,  you  kind  gods,  Cure  this  great  breach  in  man's  abused  nature  !  The  untun'd  and  jarring  senses,  0,  wind  up  Of  these  wife-murdering"
