text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  crowdsontinued  to  increase  in  numbers  and  excitement  until  fiTteen  minutes  past  seven,  p.m.  At  this  time  the  maffistrates  were  summoned,  and  a  special  engine  was  ordered  to  be  in  readiness  to  proceed  to  Preston,  and  convey  troops  from  thence.  The  mayor  also  wrote  an  order  for  the  officer  in  command  at  Prest  ,n  to  send  a  number  of  men  ;  in  the  meantime  the  mob  proceeded  to  break  all  the  windows  in  front  of  the  Royal  Hotel.  Two  borough  magistrates  went  into  the  crowd  to  reconoitre,  and  to  reason  with  the  people,  and  endeavour  to  induce  them  to  desist  from  violence,  and,  if  possible,  to  get  them  to  go  home  ;  they  were,  however,  unsuccessful,  and  were  obliged  to  retire  to  the  police-office  to  avoid  per personal  sonal personal  injury.  Immediately  after,  all  the  available  police  force  of  the  borough,  together  with  a  number  of  special  constables,  mustered  at  the  police-  office,  and  the  mayor,  accompanied  by  about  thirty  police-officers  and  special  constables,  went  in  front  of  the  Town  Hall,  with  a  view  of  quelling  the  disturbance.  At  this  time  about  a  thousand  persons  had  assembled.  As  soon  as  the  mayor  and  police  arrived  in  front  of  the  Town  Hall,  an  attack  was  made  upon  them  by  the  crowd  with  stones  and  bludgeons  ;  all  the  specials  made  a  precipitate  retreat,  and  the  mayor  was  left  surrounded  with  about  five  or  six  police-officers,  out  of  the  thirty  who  accompanied  him  from  the  police-office.  Finding  that  resistance  to  the  crowd  was  useless,  the  mayor  was  compelled  to  retire,  and  he  immediately  proceeded  to  the  railway  station,  where  he  dispatched  a  messenger  by  a  special  engine  for  troops  to  Preston,  this  was  at  fifteen  minutes  past  eight  o'clock.  At  twenty  minutes  past  eight  a  telegraphic  com communication  munication communication  was  sent  to  the  officer  at  command  in  Pres Preston  ton Preston  to  send  down  a  body  of  troops,  and  one  to  the  sta station  tion station  master  at  Preston  to  have  carriages  ready  to  convey  troops  from  Preston  to  Wigan.  In  the  meantime,  the  rioters  proceeded  to  put  out  and  smash  the  street  lamps,  and  break  the  windows  of  parties  who  are  obnoxious  to  them  ;  this  continued  up  to  about  half-past  eleven,  at  which  period  the  troops  arrived  from  Preston,  and  the  Streets  were  almost  imme immediately  diately immediately  cleared.  The  military  consisted  of  two  companies  of  the  34th  Regiment,  comprising  three  officers  and  140  rank  and  file  ;  it  is  thought  necessary  the  troops  should  remain  until  the  excitement  arising  from  the  present  strike  shall  have  subsided.  The  police  force  of  the  borough  consists  of  one  chief  consta constable,  ble, constable,  one  sergeant,  and  ten  men  ;  and  the  population  of  the  borough  is  32,000.  Since  the  present  strike  has  commenced,  the  night  duty  of  the  police  force  has  been  very  heavy,  and  when  the  rigt  ,commenced  yesterday,  the  assistance  of  only  half  of  the  men  could  be  obtained  The  precaution  had  been  taken  to  swear  in  a  number  of  Special  Constables,  but  when  the  emergency  arose,  they  were  of  no  avail  as  is  generally  found  to  he  the  case  The  injury  done  by  the  rioters  to  property  is  as  follows  :  MARKET-PLACE.  --' STYLE=superscript  The  Royal  Hotel,  the  whole  of  the  windows  and  doors,  as  well  back  as  front,  are  smashed  in,  and  much  of  the  furniture  destroyed,  and  some  of  the  liquor  taken  by  force.  WaraaTz.---Clarence  Hotel,  and  the  Victoria  Hotel,  windows,  and  window-frames  smashed  in.  Thomas  Tailor,  cotton-spinner,  both  backjand  front  windows  and  window-frames,  and  shutters  of  his  residence,  and  stable  broken  ;  furniture  uninjured.  Mr.  J.  Fitzadom,  iron  merchant,  the  same  ;  back  and  front  windows  broken.  Mr.  Wright,  surgeon,  window  and  window-frames  broken.  Treasurer's  office,  and  public  health  office,  and  In)  and  of  guardians'  office,  all  of  the  windows  broken.  The  mail  cart  was  stopped  and  detained  also  by  the  rioters  in  this  street.  _  _  _  _  .  .  AMERICA.  ARRIVAL  OF  THE  ARABIA.  The  BritiSh  and  North  American  royal  mail  steam-ship  Arabia,  Captain  Judkins,  arrived  in  the  Mersey  on  Saturday  evening,  after  a  passage  of  ten  days  from  New  York,  bringing  94  passengers,  and  1,216,000  dollars  in  specie.  The  steam-ship  Atlantic,  which  sailed  hence  on  the  sth  inst.,  arrived  out  at  New  York  at  noon  on  Sunday,  the  17th,  after  a  passage  of  about  eleven  days.  By  the  Arabia  we  have  received  our  files  of  papers,.,  and  private  correspondence,  to  the  19th  inst„  being  four  days  later  than  those  received  by  the  Baltic  on  Wednesday.  _  The  news  carried  out  from  this  country  by  the  Baltic  had  thrown  quite  a  damper  on  the  Ameri American  can American  Flour  Markets,  and  caused  a  decline  in  New  York  of  from  twelve  and  a  half  to  twenty-five  cents.  per  barrel.  Our  private  correspondent  says— 'says'  Since  the  sailing  of  the  Baltic  we  have  been  put  in  possession  of  the  details  of  the  Canada's  news,  which  has  been  considered  of  a  less  encouraging  tone  than  the  telegraphic  despatches.  We  have  also  received  three  days'  later  news  by  the  Atlantic,  which  is  deemed  by  the  corn  people  still  less  fa favourable.  vourable. favourable.  Although  the  advices  indicate  an  imme immediate  diate immediate  war  in  the  east,  the  effect  of  which  would  be  to  stop  the  receipt  of  Wheat  and  Flour  in  England  and  France  from  the  Baltic,  and  there therefore  fore therefore  make  the  demand  here  for  export,  greater  still  ;  the  market  for  Flour  and  Wheat  has  declined  under  this  intelligence.  On  receipt  of  the  Atlantic's  news  a  considerable  business  was  done  in  Flour  at  a  decline  of  from  124  to  25  cents  per  barrel.  The  panic  which  prevailed  in  New  York,  when  our  last  advices  left,  had  materially  subsided  :  and  the  Stock  market  was  more  firm  than  it  had  been  for  some  time,  and  quotations  for  nearly  every  de description  scription description  of  Stock,  had  an  upward  tendency.  Money,  however,  continued  scarce,  and  of  course,  dear.  The  rates  demanded  ranged  from  10  to  18  per  cent.  The  business  done  in  Foreign  exchange  for  remittance  by  the  Arabia  was  considerable,  the  quotations  on  London  standing  firm  at  109  to  110.  In  the  Cotton  market  there  had  been  no  change  of  moment.  The  market  was  tame  and  prices  barely  supported.  There  was  an  active  demand  for  Provisions,  but  prices  were  barely  so  firm.  The  political  and  domestic  news  contained  in  the  advices  now  to  hand,  are  not  important.  The  New  York  Herald  of  the  18th  instant  announces,  that  its  Editor  and  Proprietor,  James  Gordon  Bennett,  is  an  applicant  for  the  office  of  ambassa ambassador  dor ambassador  to  France,  but  our  private  correspondent  says,  he  has  little  or  no  chance  of  obtaining  the  appoint appointment.  ment. appointment.  The  Washington  correspondent  of  the  New  York  Times  says,  the  administration  have  at  last  found  a  man  who  will  go  to  China,  and  that  Mr.  Robert  McLane  has  been  offered  the  office  of  Minister  to  the  Celestial  Empire,  and  will  accept  it.  --  QUEEN  STREET.---SiX  houses  on  one  side  of  this  street,  and  three  on  the  other,  all  the  lower  windows  were  broken  and  frames  smashed  ;  all  the  lamps  in  this  street  were  also  demolished.  CHAPEL  LANE.---  William  Johnson,  cotton  spinner,  windows  broken,  window-frames,  shutters  and  doors  completely  smashed;  a  great  quantity  of  valuable  fur furniture  niture furniture  destroyed,  and  Mr.  Johnson  states  that  an  at attempt  tempt attempt  was  made  to  set  fire  to  his  house.  Wm.  Tipping,  cotton-spinner,  the  lower  windows  of  his  house  broken.  Mr.  Wright,  provision  dealer,  windows  broken,  shop  en entered,  tered, entered,  and  the  contents  stolen.  John  Woods,  cotton  spinner,  windows,  window-frames,  doors  of  the  house  and  warehouse  broken,  and  some  injury  done  to  the  works.  The  packet  ship.  Western  Empire,  which  left  this  port  for  New  York  on  the  24th  of  August,  with  650  passengers,  had  put  into  Boston,  short  of  water,  and  with  loss  of  all  her  topgallant  masts.  On  the  oth  Sept.,  in  lat.  47  long.  3  30.  She  experienced  a  hurricane  from  S.E.  to  .N.E.,  in  which  she  lost  her  topgallant  mast  with  sails  attached.  Eight  hundred  thousand  dollars  had  been  sub subscribed  scribed subscribed  in  Florida  towards  the  construction  of  the  Pensacola  Railroad.  The  Washington  correspondent  of  the  New  York  Herald  announces  the  return  to  that  city  of  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy  from  his  visits  to  the  various  naval  stations,  and  a  valuable  report  was  shortly  expected,  giving  the  result  of  his  enqiries.  KING  STREET.---Mr.  Eccles,  cotton  spinner,  two  win windows  dows windows  in  the  residence  broken.  Richard  Tailor,  cotton  spinner  ;  the  lower  windows  in  residence  broken  STANDISH  GATE.---  Mr.  Collinson,  pawn  broker,  windows  and  shutters  broken;  but  no  further  dam  age  was  done  as  a  pound  was  given  to  the  mob  to  desist.  WIGAN  LANE.---Mr.  Liptrot,  provision  dealer;  Shut Shutters  ters Shutters  and  shop  windows  broken,  and  the  contents  of  the  shop  stolen.  The  windows  of  the  Town  Hall,  Moot  Hall,  and  police  office  were  also  broken.  The  total  amount  of  damage  which  has  been  sus sustained  tained sustained  is  estimated  at  from  £3OOO  to  £4OOO.  Mr  COX,  the  - STYLE=superscript  American  Secretary  of  Legation  at  Rio  Janeiro,  had  arrived  at  Washing,  with  the  trea treaties  ties treaties  recently  concluded  by  Mr.  Sekeuek,  the  United  State  Minister,  for  opening  the  River  Plate  to  the  navigation  of  the  United  States.  The  yellow  fever  continued  to  rage  fearfully  at  various  points  on  the  Mississippi  river,  and  in  the  interior.  The  accounts  from  New  Orleans  state  that  the  old  residents  of  that  city  may  safely  re return,  turn, return,  but  that  strangers  should  keep  away.  A  pri private  vate private  letter  from  Vicksburg,  dated  the  7th,  which  says  ;  OPENING  OF  THE  SHREWSBURY  64;  HEREFORD  RA  ILWAY.  (FROM  OUfi,  OWN  REPORTER.)  On  Saturday  the  latter  portion  of  this  Railway  (from  Ludlow  to  Hereford,  a  distance  of  twenty-three  miles)  was  opened  by  the  directors,  but  the  line  will  not  be  opened  for  traffic  until  You  have  heard  and  seen  accounts  of  the  dreadful  pesti pestilence  lence pestilence  that  has  been,  and  is  still,  raging  in.  our  midst,  and  making  desolate  and  cheerless  the  homes  of  many  of  our  citizens.  But  the  half  has  not  been  The  disease  has  been  more  severe  in  this  place  than  it  was  in  New  Or Orleans.  leans. Orleans.  There  was  about  one  in  ten—here,  at  least  one  in  SCYCII.  But  it  Is,  I  think,  nearly  over,  and  we  are  anxiously  looking  for  frost,  which  generally  puts  an  end  to  the  fever.  Galveston  (Texas)  advices  of  the  Bth  Oct.  report  the  fever  on  the  decline,  whilst  at  Houston,  in  the  same  state,  it  showed  no  abatement-  Letters  from  Santa  Fe  of  the  14th  Sept-  report  Vie  Indians  as  very  numerous  and  hostile.  They  hid  fought  their  party  for  thirty  days,  wounding  nearly  all  of  them.  F.  X.  Aubrey  reached  there  on  on  the  14th  ult.  He  crossed  the  Sierra  Nevada,  at  Telon  Pass  on  the  12th  of  July,  and  struck  the  Ric  del  Norte  at  Liberatta  ;  he  reports  the  route  as  having  no  obstructions  for  a  railroad  or  for  vaggons.  He  found  gold  at  the  crossing  of  the  the  Colorado,  and  other  places,  also  silver  and  copper  ore  are  in  abundance.  Fader  Gavazzi  had  lectured  in  the  city  of  Cin Cincinnat,  cinnat, Cincinnat,  to  a  fall  house,  without  disturbance.  The  Now  Orleans  publish  advices  from  Havana  of  the  ith  inst.  The  cholera  was  making  progress  at  Mattnzas.  The  Gaceta,  of  Havana,  officially  denies  tite  report  that  a  conspiracy  or  any  signs  of  disaffection  had  been  discovered  among  the  troops  of  Cardenas.  A  decree  had  been  published  offer offering  ing offering  a  prize  of  50  dollars  for  the  best  treatise  on  the  decay  of  the  coloured  race,  and  the  best  means  of  arrestingit.  The  following  proclamation  had  been  issued  by  the  President  of  the  United  States  :  sometime  towards  the  end  of  November.  At  half-past  eleven  o'clock  in  the  morning  a  Special  ronsi.ting_  of  from  twenty  to  thirty  first  class  carriages,  lett  the  Shrewsbury  Sta Station,  tion, Station,  with  a  large  party.  The  train  made  short  stoppages  at  Church  Stretton,  Bromfield,  Ludlow,  and  Leominster,  at  all  of  which  accessions  were  received  to  the  party.  The  train  arrived  at  Hereford  at  ten  minutes  past  two  o'clock  ;  several  hundreds  of  persons  were  assembled  on  the  Widermarsh,  where  the  train  was  stopped  and  the  passengers  alighted,  but  it  is  some somewhat  what somewhat  remarkable  that  though  this  is  the  first  line  of  railway  opened  into  Hereford,  not  a  single  cheer  escaped  the  crowd  by  way  of  welcome  to  the  visitors.  At  half-past  two  o'clock  about  260  ladies  and  gentlemen  sat  down  to  a  luncheon  at  the  Music  Hall,  the  guests  were  Mr.  W.  Ormsby  Gore,  M.P.,  (Chairman  of  the  Board  of  Directors)  who  presided  ;  Mr  Brassey,  the  Contractor  ;-  Mr.  Robertson,  the  Engineer  ;  Hon.  R,  H.  Clive,  M.P.,  Deputy  Chairman  ;  Sir  Richard  Jenkins,  A.C.8.,  The  Right  Hon.  and  Rev.  Canon  Lord  Saige  de  Seil,  Hon.  Mr.  Peters,  lion.  E.  G.  Peters,  Mr.  King,  M.P.,  Major  W.  Ormsby  Gore,  Mr.  George  Holyoake,  Dr.  Kennedy,  of  London  ;  Messrs.  Williams  and  Wardell,  of  Chester  •  The  Villagers  of  Hereford  and  Ludlow,  and  Right  Hon.  Henry  Hill,  of  Wolverhampton,  After  the  usual  loyal  and  patriotic  toasts  had  been  disposed  of,  and  also  the  healths  of  the  Mayor  of  and  the  Chairman  and  board  of  directors  of  the  Shrewsbury  and  Hereford  The  CHAIRMAN  rose  to  propose  the  health  of  Mr.  Brassey,  the  contractor.  In  doing  so  he  observed  that  it  was  now  three  years  since  the  company  was  first  formed,  and  during  the  preceding  part  of  that  time  no  doubt  the  directors  were  accused  of  great  negligence  of  duty,  but  they  had  borne  out  with  that,  feeling  assured  it  was  necessary  to  wait  until  the  panic  of  the  times  had  passed  away.  He  was  quite  certain  if  they  had  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  for  the  formation  of  the  railway  at  that  time,  they  must  have  broken  down,  and,  therefore,  under  those  circumstances  patience  was  the  best  policy.  As  soon  as  the  directors  saw  a  prospect  of  carrying  out  the  line,  they  became  active,  and  he  had  great  pleasure  in  saying  their  efforts  were  most  actively  and  honorably  supported  by  Mr.  Brassey.  He  had  to  regret  that  although  this  was  the  opening  of  the  railway,  yet  the  line  was  not  is  that  positive  perfect  state  that  he  should  recommend  its  being  at  present  used  for  general  traffic  ;  he  had  been  in  consultation  with  the  engineer  on  the  subject,  and  he  bad  Mr.  Robertson's  sanction  for  saying  that  cortainly  before  the  end  of  November  the  line  would  be  in  perfect  order,  and  fit  for  public  use.  The  directors  had  always  thoroughly  adhered  to  the  principle  of  being  perfectly  independent  of  all  other  rail railways,  ways, railways,  and  they  were  determined  to  maintain  that  course,  their  line  was  without  junction  with  any  other  line,  and  without  ob obligation,  ligation, obligation,  but  they  held  out  the  hand  of  good  fellowship  to  all  neighbouring  companies.  PROCLAMATION  BY  THE  PRESIDENT  Whereas  it  is`provided  by  the  second  article  of  the  con convention  vention convention  of  the  16h  of  June,  1852,  between  the  United  States  and  Prussiaand  other  States  of  the  Germanic  con confederation,  federation, confederation,  for  the  mutual  delivery  of  criminals,  fugitives  from  justice  in  certain  cases,  that  the  stipulations  of  that  convention  shall  be  applied  to  any  other  State  of  the  Ger Germanic  manic Germanic  confederation  schich  might  hereafter  declare  its  acces accession  sion accession  thereto  :  And  whereas  the  Free  Hanseatic  city  of  Bremen  has  de declared  clared declared  its  accession  to  the  said  convention,  and  the  exchange  of  the  said  declaration  for  my  acceptance  of  the  same  was  made  at  Washington  on  the  14th  instant,  by  Rudolph  Schleiden,  Minister  resident  of  the  Free  Hanseatic  city  of  Bremen,  and  William  L.  Marcy,  Secretary  of  State  of  the  United  States,  on  behalf  of  their,  respective  govern governmeats  meats governmeats  :  Now,  therefore,  be  it  known  that  I,  Franklin  Pierce,  President  of  the  United  States  of  America,  have  caused  this  information  to  be  made  public,  in  order  that  the  stipu stipulatiom  latiom stipulatiom  of  the  said  convention  may  be  observed  and  fulfilled  with  good  faith  in  respect  to  the  Free  Hanseatic  city  of  Bremen  by  the  United  States  and  the  citizens  thereof.  BRAssEY,  in  returning  thanks,  expressed  his  ac acknowledgments  knowledgments acknowledgments  for  the  great  assistance,  and  also  tor  the  uniform  courtesy  he  had  at  all  times  received  from  the  board  of  directors.  After  alluding  to  the  agreement  now  pending  between  the  company  and  himself,  respecting  his  leasing  the  time  for  a  period  of  nine  years,  and  makin  , STYLE=superscript  rsome  other  observations  of  a  local  character,  Mr.  Brassey  concluded  by  proposing  the  health  of  Mr.  Robertson,  the  Mr.  ROBERTSON  acknowledged  the  compliment,  and  after  several  other  toasts  had  been  drank,  the  company  seper seperated  ated seperated  at  half-past  four.  Shortly  before  six  o'clock  the  train  left  Hereferd  for  Shrews Shrewsbury,  bury, Shrewsbury,  at  which  place  it  arrived  at  five  minutes  past  ten,  the  delay  having  been  occasioned  by  the  extreme  caution  necessary  between  Hereford  and  Ludlow,  in  consequence  of  the  late  heavy  rains  having  disturbed  the  consolidation  of  the  permanent  way.  In  *bless  whereof,  I  have  hereunto  set  my  hand,  and  caused  tile  seal  of  the  United  States  to  be  affixed.  Done  it  Washington,  the  fifteenth  day  of  October,  in  the  year  e  our  Lord  one  thousand  eight  hundred  and  fifty-three,  and  of  the  independence  of  the  United  States  the  seventy seventyeighth.  eighth. seventyeighth.  FRANKLIN  PIERCE,  The  balifax  papers  announce  the  arrival  at  that  port  of  tie  steamer  Vulcan,  with  three  hundred  and  fifty  toops,  a  part  of  whom  were  intended  for  Bermuda,  bit  in  consequence  of  the  yellow  fever  raging  there,they  had  been  detained  at  Halifax.  Our  priva.t  .  correspondent  at  New  York,  says,  associatiin  of  the  Clubmen,  in  Ireland,  of  1848,  numberint  in  this  city  about  forty,  held  a  private  meeting  In  Monday  last,  for  the  purpose  of  forming  some  Ilan  for  a  grand  demonstration  on  the  arrival  of  rohn  Mitchell  from  Van  Die Dieman's  man's Dieman's  Land,  and  whc  is  expected  in  this  city  in  a  few  days.  The  meeting,  after  some  discussion,  appointed,a  committee  4f  five,  to  draft  resolutions,  and  report  at  a  subseqtent  meeting.  The  Irish  American  military  officers  o  f  New  York,  Brooklyn,  Williamsburgh,  and  Jersey  City,  have  also  held  a  meeting,  to  take  into  consileration  the  means  to  be  adopted  for  Mitchell's  reception.  DEATH  BY  A  KICK.—On  last  evening,  a  man  named  Joseph  Ryle  came  by  his  death  under  the  following  circumstances  :—lt  appeared  that  a  person  named  Hughes  was  indebted  to  Ryle  in  a  small  sum,  and  that  the  latter  called  on  the  former  for  the  amount  due.  Some  altercation  occurred  between  the  parties,  when  Hughes  drew  ont  from  Ryle  and  suddenly  kicked  him  in  the  stomach.  Ryle  almost  immediately  fell  from  the  blow,  and  when  he  was  taken  up  it  was  found  that  life  was  extinct.  An  inquest  will  be  held  on  the  body  to-day,  awaiting  which  Hughes  is  in  custod/.  VY  .17  v  STRIKE  OF  THE  NORWICH  WEAVERS.—The  Nor Norwich  wich Norwich  shawl  weavers  have  struck  for  an  advance  of  wages.  The  employers  refuse  to  comply  with  the  demand  made  by  the  men,  and  the  consequence  is  that  great  numbers  are  out  of  employment,  and  becoming  chargeable  to  the  poor  rate.  FUNERAL  OF  A  MEMBER  OF  THE  FIRE  BRIGADE---  The  interment  of  E.  Willan,  of  the  fire  brigade,  who  was  unfortunately  drowned  on  Wednesday  morning,  whilst  assist►ng  to  extinguish  the  fire  on  board  the  steam  -tug  Dreadnought,  took  place  yesterday  at  the  Necropolis,  Low  Hill.  The  coffin  containing  the  body  vas  placed  on  one  of  the  fire-engines,  which  was  drawn  by  a  pair  of  horses,  and  followed  by  a  mourning-coach  containing  the  relatives  of  the  deceased.  The  members  of  the  fire  brigade,  and  the  ordinary  police  force,  to  the  number  of  about  200,  followed  the  body  to  the  place  of  inter interment.  ment. interment.  Captain  Greig,  Superintendents  Quick  and  Ride,  and  other  superior  officers  of  the  force,  brought  up  the  rear  of  the  procession.  THE  MUNICIPAL  ELECTION.—There  are  now  six  wards  contested,  - STYLE=superscript  viz,  West  Derby,  Vauxhall,  Pitt-street,  St.  Paul's,  Abercromby,  and  Scotland.  Mr.  Jack  has  issued  an  address  as  a  candidate  for  the  last  named  ward,  '  in  opposition  to  Mr.  Woodruff.  powers,  once  perceiving  any  spirit  of  determination  to  act  on  the  part  of  Turkey  and  her  supporters,  would  themselves  yield.  This,  they  say,  is  also  the  feeling  of  English  largo  capitalists,  although  the  English  funds  have  declined.  •  ASHES.—Pot  still  arrive  sparingly.  but  with  a  light  de demand  mand demand  prices  have  fallen  off  61  to  .121  cents.,  with  sales  of  75  bbls.,  at  $5  75  cents  to  $5  87*  cents.  Pearl  remain  firm,  100  bbls  having  changed  hands  at  $5  50  cents.  Exports  from  Ist  to  18th  October,  1843  bbls.  829  Carrox.—The  market  has  been  unsettled  since  our  last,  and  sales  have  been  made  to  some  extent  at  a  decline  of  three-fourths  of  a  cent.,  making  a  reduction  of  about  one  cent  within  a  week.  Some  holders  are  unwilling  to  sell  at  this  concession,  yet  there  is  even  now  more  sellers  than  buyers.  We  have  restored  quotations  for  a  few  grades  but  are  still  unable  to  complete  the  list  from  actua  l STYLE=superscript  transactions.  For  Receipts,  E  x  p  or  ts,  Stocks,  &amp;c.,  see  Table.  The  sales  for  the  last  three  days  are  1900  bales.  We  quote  •  Atlanti  Torts.  Other  Florida.  Gulf  Ports  nom.  Inferior  Low  to  good  ord  Low  to  good  mid  Mid,  fair  to  fair  Fully  fair  to  good  fair  Good  and  fine  The  arrivals  have  been  from—  nom.  nom.  Bto  81  Bto  81  91  101  91  10i  Georgia  South  Carolina  8  to  9  673  bales  822  Total  1,495  Total  import  since  Ist  inst.  9,448  Export  from  Ist  to  18th  October  1853.  .  bales.  13,824.  Export  from  the  UNITED  STATES  Since  Ist  September,  1853  Same  time  1852  Cotton  bales  60,532  70,612  FLOUR  AND  MEAL.—The  private  advices  by  the  Canada  being  considered  more  favorable  than  the  published  accounts,  the  Flour  market  opened  on  Saturday  with  increased  firm firmness  ness firmness  and  an  active  demand  for  export,  home  use,  and  future  delivery  ;  but  on  Monday,  with  the  conflicting  and  rather  unfavorable  news  by  the  Atlantic,  the  pressure  in  the  Money  market,  and  continued  high  rates  of  freight,  there  was  less  buoyanoy,  and  towards  the  -close  a  slight  concession  was  made  by  holders,  and  yesterday  there  was  an  excitement  bordering  on  a  panic  ;  the  difficulty  in  effecting  shipments,  both  to  Europe  and  the  Eastward,  induced  some  holders,  particu particularly  larly particularly  speculators,  to  realize,  and  much  lower  prices  were  accepted.  Our  revised  notations  now  stand  12i  to  25  cents  lower  than  on  Friday,  the  market  closing  heavily.  Canada  is  inactive,  and  quotations  entirely  nominal.  In  Montreal,  prices  are  comparatively  higher  than  in  this  market,  which  has  a  tendency  to  check  any  downward  tendency—no  sales.  The  sales  of  domestic  were  :  on  Saturday,  15,0  00  bbls.  Monday,  22,000  ;  and  yesterday,  18,000.  Included  in  the  above  were  some  25,000  bbls.  common  State  to  arrive,  part  within  two  weeks;  at  $6,371.,  and  the  remainder  in  Novem November  ber November  and  December  at  $7  to  $7,12i,  the  latter  price  before  the  arrival  of  the  Atlantic;  and  2000  bbls.  (yesterday)  on  shipboard  for  Liverpool,  $6.75,  at  3s.  6d.  freight.  We  quote  :  Sour  Superfine  No.  2  State,  common  brands  State,  straight  brands  State,  favorite  brands  Western,  mixed  do.  .  6  25  to  6  374  668;,  to  6  75  6  681  to  6  811  6  814  to  6  871  6  624  to  6  87t  Michigan,  and  Indiana,  straight  ditto  6  75  - STYLE=superscript  to  6  811  Michigan,  fancy  brands  6  811  to—  Ohio,  common  to  good  brands  Ohio,  round  hoop,  common  Ohio,  fancy  brands...  ................  ..........  6  811  to  6  874  Ohio,  extra  brands.  Michigan  and  Indiana,  extra  ditto  Geneve,  fancy  brands  ....  .....  6  874  to  Genesee,  extra  brands  Canada  (in  bond)  I  Southern  opened  firm,  and  with  a  light  stock  and  good  de demand  mand demand  prices  slightly  advanced,  but  yesterday,  the  market  sympathizing  with  Western,  declined  121  to  25  cents—the  sales  are  2500  bbls.  the  market  closing  heavily  at  $6,931  to  $7,121  for  mixed  to  straight  brands  Alexandria,  Baltimore,  and  Georgetown,  $7,12/  to  7,  25  for  favorite,  and  $7,25  lo  $7,50  for  fancy  brands.  Rye  Flour  is  in  better  request,  and  the  market  is  a  shade  firmer—small  sales  at  $4,50  to  $4,621  for  fine,  and  $5,12/  for  superfine—(yesterday  500  bbls.  were  reported  at  $4,75  for  fine).  Corn  Meal  is  scarcely  so  firm--  the  sales  are  700  bbls.  at  $4,12;  to  $4,25,  and  Brandywine,  in  lots,  at  $4,50  for  bbls.  and  $l9,  cash,  for  puncheons.  Export,  from  Ist  to  18th  October,  _  1853.  bb15.151,621  WHEAT  FLOUR  1852.  69,552  GRAlN—Wheat  opened  firm  on  Saturday,  with  a  good  de demand  mand demand  for  prime  for  export,  but  subsequently  the  difficulty  in  procuring  vessels  and  the  increasing  stringency  in  mone monetary  tary monetary  affairs  combined,  had  a  depressing  effect,  and  a  consider considerable  able considerable  decline  was  established.  Our  quotations  now  stand  to  8  cents  lower  than  on  Friday  last,  the  greatest  decline  being  on  the  common  qualities—the  galec  inoludo  41,50)  .bushels  fair  to_prime  White  Canada  at  $1,471  to  $1,57,  in  bond;  39,000  good  to  prime  White  Genesee,  $1,53  to  1,61  ;  99,100  fair  to  prime  White  Michigan,  $1,52  ;  to  $1,58  ;  41,500  so  prime  white  Ohio,  $1,43  to  $1,54  ;  6000  prime  white  Southern,  $1,49  ;  3000  fair  red  India,  $1,41;  and  20,  000  red  Ohio  on  private  terms.  Rye,  with  a  moderate  supply  and  good  demand,  is  held  firmly,  with  sales  of  5400  bushels  at  92  to  93  cents,  the  latter  price  delivered.  Barley  continues  scarce  and  firm,  with  sales  of  2700  bushels  at  prime  four.rowed  at  87A  cents.  Oats  opened  dull  and  lower  but  with  an  increased  demand  the  market  closes  firm,  with  an  upward  tendancy—see  quotations.  Corn  has  decreased  4  to  5  cents,  owing  to  the  stringency  in  the  money  market,  the  sales  are  are  76,000  bushels,  the  market  closing  heavily  at  quotations  ;  includad  in  yesterday's  sales  were  12.000  bushels,  mixed  Westerns  at  78;  cents,  in  store.  6to  700  bushels  white  Beans  sold  at  $l-121  cents.  to  1-25;  and  200  bags  black-eyed,  2,85  per  bag  of  two  bushels  Export  ,  from  Ist  to  18th  October  1853  s  ,bush.  869,389  Wheat  Corn  1852.  398,622  568  8,270  IRON.—Scotch  Pig  is  inactive,  and  the  sales  unimportant.  150  tons  English  common  bars  sold  on  terms  we  did  not  learn.  PROVISIONS.—The  demand  for  Western  pork  has  been  somewhat  restricted  by  the  tightness  in  the  money  market,  and  the  transactions  have  been  moderate  for  the  local  trade  at  a  slight  decline.  Large  orders  are  understood  to  have  been  received  by  the  late  arrivals,  which  cannot  be  executed  in  consequence  of  the  difficulty  in  effecting  shipments—the  sales  include  1275  bbls.,  the  market  closing  steadily  at  our  quotations,  which  show  a  decline  of  64  to  124  cents  since  Friday  last.  Prime  mess  is  inactive,  and  nominal  at  $l5,  and  clear  at  $l9.  Sour  and  rusty  mess  sell  in  small  lots  at  $l5  to  $15,12k  ;  sour  prime,  $8  to  $8,50  ;  and  sour  rump,  $8,75  io  $9.  Beef  continues  firm  and  in  good  demand,  with  sales  of  1000  bbls.  Mess  and  prime  at  our  quoted  rates  ;  prime  mess  continues  firm,  with  sales  of  100  tcs.  in  lots  at  $lB.  Beef  hams  are  neglected,  and  nominal  at  quotations.  The  market  continues  bare  of  cut  meats.  Lard,  with  a  limited  supply  and  good  demand,  continues  firm,  with  sales  of  425  bbls.,  and  tes.  at  111  to  12  cents  for  good  to  prime,  and  kegs,  in  lots,  124  to  13.  Butter  is  in  good  demand,  in  part  for  export,  and  prime  State  is  a  shade  firmer—see  quotations.  Cheese  continues  active  for  export  at  9  4 STYLE=superscript  4  to  10L 10Lcents  cents 10Lcents  for  good  to  prime.  Export,  from  Ist  to  18th  October.  1853.  1862.  8eef.....  Beef  .  bbls.  1,943  3,036  ____....._____.  _  •  Lard  ..  ....equal  to  .  kegs.  8,512  11,135  Rm.—ls  dull,  and  the  sales  do  not  exceed  200  tcs.  at  $3,121  to  $4,50,  cash.  FREIGHTS.-To  Great  'Britain  and  France,  were  favor favorably  ably favorably  affected  yesterday  by  a  decline  in  flour  and  grain,  and  the  engagements  were  large,  at  improving  prices.  To  Liverpool,  we  notice  125,000  bushels  wheat  at  131  d.  to  14d.  ;  15,000  bbls.  flour,  3s.  6d.  to  4s.  ;  2,000  rosin,  4s.  to  ss.  ;  and  1,000  bales  cotton,  7-32  d.  to  id.  To  London,  100,000  bushels  wheat,  16d.  to  17d.  ;  12,000  bbls.  flour,  at  4s.  6d.  to  ss.  ;  600  rosin,  ss.  ;  8,000  hdd.  staves,  455.  ;  50  tons•oil  cake,  50s.  ;  1,000  bbls.  do.,  6s.  ;  100  bales  tobacco,  355.  ;  2,000  bxs.  cheese,  60s.  to  665.  6d.  ;  1,500  sides  leather,  id  ;  2  tons  bees-wax,  355.  ;  200  bales  palm  leaf,  on  private  terms  ;  two  ships  at  16d.  for  grain,  and  ss.  for  flour  ;  and  one  at  15d.  and  4s.  6d..  To  Havre,  15,000  bbls.  flour,  821  to  86  cents  ;  and  55,000  bushels  wheat,  23  to  24  cents.  To  Holland,  200  tcs.  rice,  455.  ;  200  bbls.  spirits  turpentine,  and  50  tcs.  honey,  6  cents  ;  600  flour,  ss.  ;  100  bales  cotton,  cents  ;  50  tons  wood,  40s.  ;  heavy  goods,  455.  ;  and  measurement,  40s.  To  Antwerp,  10,000  bushels  grain,  17d.  Rochefort,  France,  by  a  brig,  10,000  bushels  wheat,  25  cents-the  brig  Eolean,  for  Columbia,  is  loading  at  65  cents  per  foot.  To  California,  they  are  steady  at  previous  rates.  A  schooner  of  110  tons,  was  chartered  to  St.  Domingo  and  back,  at  $1,200  -  a  brig  for  Jack.  sonville,  25  cents  per  bbl.,  and  5  cents  per  foot-a  Brig  from  Jacksonville  to  New  York,  $lO  for  Ship  Plank-another  from  Sagua  to  New  York,  $7  75c.  per  hhd.  for  Sugar-a  Ship  from  New  Orleans  to  Havre,  1  cents  for  Cotton  ;  and  one  from  Baltimore  to  Trieste,  at  355.  for  tobacco.  To  New  Orleans  the  rate  is  reduced  to  10  cents,  and  to  Mobile  10  cents  by  schooners,  and  by  large  vessels.  The  Ship  LuconT,  481  tons,  18  years  old,  built  at  Medford,  an  excellent  ship,  has  been  sold  to  Messrs.  Winterhoff,  Piper  &amp;  Co.,  at  $lB,OOO $lB,OOO  - $lB,OOO  Talleyrand,  14  years  old,  550  tons,  built  at  Thomaston,  on  private  terms  ;  and  the  South  Carolina,  late  propello!,  of  Charleston,  built  at  Williamsburg,  has  been  soid  in  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  for  the  Australia  trade,  at  £19,000.  In  Port  yesterday-  Barques  ..  Steamers  23  Brigs.  ...  ..  .  Ships  .  137  Schooners  .  COMMERCIAL.  NEW  YORK  MARKETS.  `)CT.  18.  MONEY  AND  STOCKS.  —Money  continues  smrce  both  for  dis discounts  counts discounts  and  loans.  We  observe  no  improvement.  Discounts  especially  are  firm  at  12a.  16c.  Call  loans  are  made  very  cautiously  at  7c.  AS  to  stocks,  the  improvemeat  observable  is  entirely  owing  to  the  Bear  party,  who  are  buyri;  freely  to  deliver  on  their  contracts,  the  fall  of  last  week  havag  placed  a  handsome  profit  within  their  reach.  The  large  wins  now  receiving  by  the  various  railroads,  would  advance  the'r  seve several  ral several  stocks,  were  money  easy  ;  but  there  is  no  immeliate  prospect  of  money  becoming  suffieiently  easy  for  any  great  advance.  Total  .•  ...  •  •  648  The  stock  ma  r  ket  thi  s  morn  i  ng  shows  great  confidence.  EXCHANGE.  —The  business  for  the  steamer  has  not  been  No  such  f  oo  li  s  h  p  an  i  c  occurre  d  as  happened  on  the  arrival  of  very  large  at  prices  about  as  before  ;  our  high  quota quotathe  the quotathe  Canada's  news.  In  W  a  ll-street  financial  circl  es  ,  the  Lions  refer  only  to  Bankers'  Bills.  We  quote  bills  on  Lon Lonopinion  opinion Lonopinion  prevail  s  ,  f  oun  d  e  d  on  s  pecial  advices,  that  no  war  don  9i  to  10  per  cent.  prem.  ;  Paris,  &amp;c.,  f.  5.111  to  f.  5.121  will  take  place;  th  a  t  even  a  Turkish  declaration  o  f  war  ,  60  days,  and  f.6.  0 STYLE=superscript  7i  to  f.  5  . STYLE=superscript  8:  short  sight;  Antwerp,  f.  5.13:,  while  it  would  satisfy  the  feelings  of  the  Turkish  population,  Amsterdam,  41:  to  411;  Hamburg,  36  to  364  ;  Bremen,  would  only  hasten  a  settlement;  that  the  three  northern  80;  to  80i  ;  Frankfort,  411  to  411  Thalers,  711.  84  88  -.  ....  216"
