text
"RUSSIA  AND  TURKEY.  The  news  from  the  seat  of  war  adds  very  little  information  to  that  published  in  the  second  supple supplement  ment supplement  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  of  yester yesterday.  day. yesterday.  A  telegraphic  despatch  has  been.  received,  announcing  that  the  Turks  had  advanced  upon  Bucharest.,  between  the  sth  and  11th  instant,  and  were  fighting  there  on  Friday.  The  main  body  of  the  Turks  had  crossed  the  Danube.  We  find  the  following  items  of  intelligence  in  let letters  ters letters  from  Constantinople  of  the  31st.  One  of  them  I  am  just  in  time  to  give  - STYLE=superscript  you  the  important  intelligence  that  the  Sultan,  in  his  speech,  while  at  the  Grand  Council  of  Justice  to-day,  declared  that  in  the  spring  he  will  join  the  army,  and  per personally  sonally personally  conduct  military  operations  against  Russia.  The  greatest  enthusiasm  reigned  in  the  assembly,  which  was  composed  of  all  the  Pachas,  civil  and  military,  and  most  of  the  in influential  fluential influential  members  of  the  Ulema.  A  proclamation  will  be  published  containing  the  above  important  declaration.  All  attempts  to  bring  about  peace  are  now  useless  The  Sultan,  who,  so  far,  has  been  weak  and  undecided  in  his  policy,  has  now  crossed  over  to  the  war  party,  and  placed  himself  forward  as  its  leader.  The  people  here  are  frantic  in  their  joy,  and  (1w  :litre  they  will  all  follow  the  Sultan..  His  Majesty,  by  a  few  words,  has  made  himself  more  popular  than  the  greatest  sovereign  that  ever  reigned  over  this  people.  Hostilities  have  com commenced,  menced, commenced,  both  in  Roumelia  and  Anatolia.  We  know  nothing  positive  up  to  the  present  moment,  the  only  official  intelligence  that  has  reached  the  government  being  that  40  or  50  Turkish  regulars,  belonging  to  the  regiment  commanded  by  Mus Mustapha  tapha Mustapha  Paella,  had  crossed  the  Danube  at  Turtokai,  and  carried  off  eight  or  ten  Russian  soldiers.  The  Egyptians  had  done  the  same  thing  at  Maxin,  Letters  from  Varna,  however,  state  that  hostilities  had  .occurred  along  the  whole  line  of  the  Danube,  and  that  the  steamer  running  between  Ismail  and  Odessa  was  fired  at  by  the  Turkish  fortress  of  Isaktchi,  and  her  commander  and  fourteen  men  were  killed,  and  one  passenger  and  several  seaman  wounded.  The  celebrated  Tossoun  Pacha,  Who  behaved  with  such  daring  courage  during  the  last  war  with  Russia,  has  been  named  general  of  divi division,  sion, division,  and  will  command  the  army  of  Sophia.  The  Porte  has  decided  to  form  a  foreign  legion,  to  be  employed  in  Asia.  About  forty  Poles  have  already  entered  the  service,  but  the  majority  here  prefer  to  wait  for  a  new  turn  of  events,  whereby  they  can  serve  their  own  country,  _  _  .  Pj  ivate  letters  from  - STYLE=superscript  Constantinople  of  the  31st  mention  that  intelligence  received  from  Asia  Minor  announce  the  capture,  by  the  Turkish  troops,  of  five  forts  on  the  frontiers  of  Georgia.  The  first  of  these  forts  is  called  Cartom,  and  was  taken  by  the  Kurds  ;  the  second,  Entilee,  by  the  contingent  from  Damascus  ;  the  third,  Hermini,  the  foUrth,  Istrat,  and  the  fifth,  Kuchat,  were  captured  by  the  Bashi-  Bozouks,  or  irregular  troops.  The  same  letters  add  that  the  intelligence  was  believed  to  be  correct  in  Constantinople.  A  private  letter  from  Trebizond,  of  the  22nd  ult.,  states  that  Abdi  Pasha  marched  from  Erzeroum.  through  Kars,  on  the  12th  October,  at  the  head  of  12,000  regular  troops.  10,000  regulars  had  arrived  at  his  head-quarters  from  Kurdistan  and  Diarbekir;  15,000  rediffs  are  likewise  encamped  in  the  neigh neighbourhood  bourhood neighbourhood  of  Kars,  The  government  has  called  the  Bashi-Bozouks  into  active  service.  They  are  irre irregular  gular irregular  volunteers,  armed  with  muskets,  without  bayonets,  with  pistols,  and  a  poinard  with  a  broad  blade.  There  are  nearly  36,000  of  them  between  Batoum  and  Kars.  A  Russian  corps  of  30,000  men  had  been  encamped  for  the  previous  twenty  days  at  the  foot  of  the  mountain  which  commands  Alex Alexandropol,  andropol, Alexandropol,  distant  twelve  hours  march  from  Kars  on  the  Georgian  territory.  Another  corps  of  15,000  men  is  encamped  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Akhal Akhalzikh,  zikh, Akhalzikh,  which  is  intended  to  take  possession  of  Batoum  by  the  mountains  which  command  it,  whilst  it  is  to  be  bombarded  on  the  sea  side  by  ships  of  war.  Fifteen  hundred  riflemen,  armed  like  the  Chasseurs  of  Vincennes,  were  landed  at  Trebizonde,  on  the  21st,  from  Turkish  ships,  toge together  ther together  with  0,000  lufau.tkx.  Thu  ac.  Liuvp  aiG  well  armed  and  equipped.  Twenty-two  steam  boats  were  expected  with  additional  troops  for  Erzeroum  and  Kars.  It  was  expected  that.  the  Turkish  govern government  ment government  would  despatch  6,000  good  troops  from  Con Constantinople  stantinople Constantinople  to  Batoum  the  following  vv  cult.  Thi  o  •  was  absolutely  necessary,  for  Batoum  was  defended  by  only  2,000  regular  troops,  and  6,000  Bashi-Bo Bashi-Bozouks,  zouks, Bashi-Bozouks,  who  could  not  resist  Russian  troops  prepar preparing  ing preparing  to  attack  it.  Another  letter  from  Trebizonde  announces  that  the  Russian  fortress  of  Dariel,  situate  in  Circassia  on  the  right  bank  of  the  Terek,  between  Mosdok  and  Tiflis,  was  surrounded  by  the  insurgent  Ossette  and  by  a  large  force  of  Circassians,  and  that  it  was  on  the  point  of  falling  into  their  power.  The  same  letter  announces  that  the  authentic  details  had  been  received  of  the  affair,  which  took  place  some  time  .back,  when  20,090  Russians  lately  arrived  in  the  country,  were  overpowered  by  Schamyl's  troops,  and  all  that  were  not  killed  were  made  prisoners,  and  are  now  at  Ardiauskia,  in  Circassia.  A  letter  from  Tunis,  of  the  sth  instant,  an announces  nounces announces  that  a  Tunisslan  brig,  escorted  by  a  Turkish-shiP-of-war,  had  sailed  the  previous  day  for  Constantinople,  with  arms  and  amunition  for  the  Sultan.  We  learn  from  Belgrade,  that  the  national  arm arming  ing arming  proceeds  with  astonishing  rapidity.  District  inspectors  go  from  village  to  village  examining  every  man's  rifle.  The  prince  and  people  are  of  one  mind,  and  parties  have  disappeared,  Plans  have  been  drawn  for  a  system  of  fortifications  for  the  frontier.  The  Paris  correspondent  of  the  Chronicle,  says  that  immense  quantites  of  ammunition  are  in  course  of  being  dispatched  from  Lyons  to  Toulon.  It  -- STYLE=superscript  iexpected  that  the  decree  for  the  increase  of  the  Chasseurs  de  Vincennes  will  appear  in  a  day  or  two.  The  Turkish  Ambassador  in  he  adds,  this  morning  sent  off  a  telegraphic  despatch  to  his  colleague  at  Vienna,  requesting  the  earliest  information  as  to  the  expected  battle  at  Oltenitza  :  but  up  to  the  present  hour  nothing  has  arrived.  A  Wallachian  boyard  has  arrived  in  Paris  to today,  day, today,  direct  from  the  seat  of  war.  He  declares  that  the  population  of  the  Principalities  are  in  a  state  of  the  utmost  exasperation  against  the  Russians,  in  consequence  of  the  vexations  to  which  they  are  subjected  from  the  Russian  troops,  and  the  inso insolence  lence insolence  of  the  Russian  generals  ;  and  that  in  the  event  of  a  more  decided  advantage  being  gained  by  the  Turks,  the  whole  country  would  be  up  in  arms  against  the  invaders.  Several  of  the  guests  invited  to  Fontainebleau  left  Paris  to-day  for  that  place  ;  among  them  are  the  Pope's  Nuncio,  and  the  Ministers  of  Austria,  Prussia,  and  Denmark.  M.  de  Kisseleff  is  invited  from  the  18th  to  the  22nd.;  and,  curiously  enough,  Vely  Pacha,  the  Turkish  Ambassador,  is  invited  for  the  same"
