text
"COUNTY  COURT,  YESTEEDAY  THE  apart  sat  at  ten  o'clock  yesterday,  - STYLE=superscript  and  proceeded  with  the  hearing  of  actioni  for  debt,  Many  of  which  were  of  a  trivial  character,  not  possessing  any  4 STYLE=superscript  piiblic  interest.  KERR  V.  WIIITMORE.—In  this  case  the  plaintiff,  Andrew  Kerr,  sought  to  recover  a  sum  of  £3  16s.-  from  a  person  named  Whitmore,  who  kept  a  public  house  in  Tithebarn-  Street.  The  statement  of  the  plaintiff  was,  that  defendant  owed  a  sum  of  £l5  for  the  rent  of  a  booth  at  the  Aintreo  race-course,  which STYLE=superscript  plaintiff  was  employed  to  collect,  and  that  accordingly  in  last  July  he  went  to  defendant's  house,  and  was  paid  by  him  £l4,  for  which  he  gave  a  receipt  in  full  for  the  rent.  The  money  was  paid  in  one  - STYLE=superscript  five-pound  note  and  nine  sovereigns.  •  Plaintiff  stated  that  he  had  £3  16s.  in  silver,  for  which  he  asked  defendant  to  give  hint  gold,  and  that  defendant  took  the  silver  and  never  gave  him  the  change.  On  the  following  day,  the  plaintiff  stated  that  he  missed  the  £3  165.,  when  he  went  to  balante  his  cash,  and  that  on  the  day  after  he  saw  Whitmore  at  the  race-  course,  and  told  him7he  hadnot  given  him  the  Money.  Whit Whitmore  more Whitmore  said  that  he  had  paid  him,  and  would  not  pay  him  again.—Mr.  Etty  appeared  for  the  plaintiff;  and  Mr.  Grocott  for  the  defence.  .On  the  part  of  the  defendant,  Mr.  Grocott  stated  that  he  would  be  able  to  prove  that  Mr.  Whitmore  had  given  theplaintiff  seven  half  - STYLE=superscript  sovereigns,  And  lAncled..l4im.b4  4kk.  •  request,  he  had  again  changed  six  or  the  balf  soyereigtiefor  three  sovereigns.  - STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Whitmore  was  examined  and  I  deposed  that  he  had  put  upon  the  table  seven  half  so  that  plaintiff  asked  - STYLE=superscript  hint  - STYLE=superscript  for  -  sovereigns,  saying  sovereigns.  were  .  as  small  as  sixpences,  upon  ivhfel  gave  him  three  sovereigns,  and  that  he  saw  hini  y  _  .  .  iVith  the  seventh  half  sovereign,  into  a'  bag  which  he  put  into  his  pocket.  Witness  further  added,  that  when  plaintiff  was  going  away  there  was  sixpence  lying  on  the  table,  which  he  reminded  plaintiff  belonged  to  him,  and  plaintiff  imme immediately  diately immediately  gave  it  in  payment  for  some  brandy  and  gin  which  they  had  drunk.  On  the  following  day,  Tuesday,  he  met  plain plaintiff  tiff plaintiff  on  the  race  course,  but  he  made  no  mention.of  missing  the  money  until  Wednesday.  In  answer  to  the  ',Court,  Mr.  Whitmore  stated  that  he  kept  an  account  in  his  books  of  the  money  he  had  in  bands  every  morning,  and  the.amount  he  re received  ceived received  and  paid  away  during  the  day.  Mrs.  ;Whitmore,  wife  of  defendant,  fully  coroborated  his  evidence,  and  :stated  that  when  plaintiff  subsequently  alleged  that  he  had  not  taken  the  money,  she  reminded  him  that  the  half  sovereigns  had  been  changed  for  sovereigns,  when  he  .  replied  that  he  had.  received  them,  but  that  he  lutist  have  left  them  upon  the  table.  Plaintiff  positively  denied  the  occurrence  regard regarding  ing regarding  the  half  sovereigns,  and  them  being  changed  for  sovereigns,  as-well  as  -the  subsequent  conversation  alleged  to  have  taken  place.  He  admitted  that  he  had  left  the  bag  containing  the  money  for  a  short  time  at  the  house  of  a  party  on  the  day  after  the  occurrence.  The  Court  said  it  was  a  case  in  - STYLE=superscript  Which  the  fullest  evidence  should  be  obtained.  The  plaintiff  was  bound  to  produce  the  person  with  whom  he  had  left  the  bag  containing  his  money,  and  the'  defendant  should  produce  his  books,  by  .which  it  would  be  - STYLE=superscript  seen  what  money  he  had  paid  away  on  the  day  in  question.  .  The  par parties  ties parties  contradicted  each  other  in  very  material  facts,  besides  the  putting  of  the  gold  upon  the  table,  because  all  the  conver conversations  sations conversations  alleged  to  have  taken  place  subsequently  were  flatly  denied.  The  fullest  information  ought,  therefore,,  to  be  had  on  the  subject,  before  a  decision  was  given  which  would  cer certainly  tainly certainly  be  painful  to  one  side  or  the  other.  •  The  case  should,  therefore,  be  adjourned  until  the  7th  of.  October.  CHRISTIE  V.  NEwALL.—This  was  an  action  brought  upon  the  part  of  Mr.  Christie,  publisher,  to  recover  6s.  6d.,  the  price  of  one  volume  of  a  periodical  work  furnished  to  de defendant  fendant defendant  at  his  own  order.  A  witness  named  Maclean  was  examined  for  the  plaintiff,  iho  Stated,  that  defendant  had  given  him  an  order  with  his  signature  for  the  work,  which  was  to  be  supplied  in  monthly  voliimes  and  of  which  he  had  supplied  five,  the  last  of  which  defendantC  refused  to  pay  for.  The  defendant,  Mr.'  Newall,  deposed  that  he  had  re received  ceived received  the  volumes  at  his  residence  atiel.`tit  his'  Worlishop,  and  that  at  the  latter  place  he  received.  ;  and  paid  for  the  fifth  volume.  Subsequently  to  which  a  second  copy.of,  the  same  volume  was  left  at  his  residence,`  he  declined  to  pay  for.  Mr.  Maclean  stated  that  he  was  the  only  person  who  delivered  publications  on  the  part  of  ;  Mr.  Christie,'  and  that  he  had  only  delivered  one  copy  of.  the  volume;  for  which  defendant  refused  w  pay.  Tlic  Lour!  :  Then  kov;  is  a  man  to  know  when  a  book  is  deliveredlliat  it  does  not  come  from  you  ?  If  persons  choose  to  carry.  on  this  - STYLE=superscript  trade  they  must  do  so  in  such  a  way  that  the  public  will  be  protected,  and  I  do  not  think  that  under  these  circumstances  .any  man  could  discover  when  a  book  was  . STYLE=superscript  delivered  that  if  did  not  come  from  the  proper  person.  Mr.  Maclean  said  he  had  delivered  the  volumes  himself  at  Mr.  Newall's  .residence.  Court  :  You  delivered  one  at'  the  workshop.  Mr:  Maclean  :  That  was  where  I  got  the  order.  Court  :  I  must  non nonsuit  suit nonsuit  you.  Ido  not  think  you,  have  any  claim  whatever  upon  him.  You  are  entitled  to  your  costs;  'Mr.  Newell.  r  JERVIS  a.  WOOD.---This  was  an  action  brought'  by  Cap Captain  tain Captain  Isaac  Jervis  of  a  vessel  called  the  Pigeon,  against  Mr.  James  M.  Wood,  to  recover  an  amount  - STYLE=superscript  of  head-  money,  which  plaintiff  clainied  upon  the  landing  at  Liverpool  of  50  turtles,  consigned  to  the  defendant.  ..  Mr.  Rime  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  -Almond  for  the  defence:  From  the  evidence  given  on  behalf  of  the  plaintiff,  it  appeared  that  defendant  had  chartered  his  vessel  to.bring  70  turtles,  and  a  quantity  of  pine  apples  from  Nassau,  consigned  to  him,  and  by  the  terms  of  the  agreement,  the  master  was  to  receive  3s.  head  money  upon  each  of  the  turtles  he  delivered  alive.  Sixty-siz  turtles  were  shipped  on  board  the  vessel,  .of  which  16  died  on  the  voyage,  and  Mr.  Wood  had  refused  to  pay  .the  head  money  upon  the  remainder,  which  it  as  now  sought  to  recover.  On  the  part  of  the  defence,  Mr.  Almond  contended  that  the  original  contract  was  for  the  delivery  of  a  certain  number  of  turtles,  which.  had  not  been  complied  with,  and  therefore  the  master  was  not  entitled  to  receive  the  amount.  It  was  also  alleged  that  the  master  had  con converted  verted converted  22  of  the  turtles  and  a  large  quantity  of  the  pine  apples  to  the  purpose  of  private  speculation  of  his  own,  which,  besides  being  a  violation  of  the  agreement,  rendered  him  liable  for  freight  to  the  charterer,  in  the  same  'manner  as  any  private  party.  Mr  Wood  was  briefly  examined,  and.  deposed  that  he  had  received  46  turtles  alive,  and  3  dead.  Court  :  As  at  present  advised,  I  shall  hold  that  the  captain  is  entitled  to  recover  the  amount  of  'head  money  upon  the  turtes  which  he  delivered;  but  I  shall  give  the;other  side  an  opportunity  of  bringing  any  action  they  may.  think  fit.  Mr.  Almond  applied  to  have  the  sun'  paid  into  'court,  to.  abide  the  result  of  an  action  which  the  defendant  intended  to  bring.  Mr.  Hime  opposed  the  application.  The  Court  decided  in  favour  of  Mr.  Almond,  and  ordered  that  46  18s.,  being  . STYLE=superscript  3s.  head  money  on  each  of  the  46  turtle  delivered  alive,  should  be  paid  into  court,  with  costs,  to  wait  the  result  of  any  action  brought  by  defendant.  -  CHRISTIE  v.  FRAZER.—This  was  a  case  of  a  somewhat  similar  nature.  Mr.  Maelean  statedthat  the  defenant  had  been  receiving  from  him  a  periodical.  called  the  Root  and  Shoemaker's  which  he  requested  witness  to  change  for  the  Encyclopaedia..  Witness  .agreed  to  do  so.  He  supplied  Mr.  Frazer  with  five  volumek  of  the  Encyclopaedia,  whickwas  to  be  completed  in  fourteen,  at  ten  shillings  each,  and  Mr.  Frazer  now  declined  to  pay,for  the  fifth  volume.  Mr.  Frazer  deposed  that  he  had  expressly  agreed  that  he  should  be  at  liberty  tAliscontinue  receiving  the  work  if  he  did  not  approve  of  it,  and  that  accordingly  he  had  not  signed  the  agreement.  He  subsequently-found  that  the  work  was  already  in  piiblicationi  and  sold  cheaper  by  other  parties,  and  he  therefore  declared'  that  he  would  not  receive  any  more  volumes  - STYLE=superscript  of.  it  after  he  had  been  supplied  with  the  fourth.  Notwithstanding  ,that  intimation,  the  fifth  volume  was  left  at  his  resideneb.--Court  :  It  appears  to  me  that  the  plaintiff  has  been  ,going  'about  telling&amp;  people  that  a  work  is  coming  out  in  parts„  which  has  been  actually  completed.  That  is  a  fraud  upon  the.  ,public.  Persons  may  naturally  feel  inclined  to  subscribe  te'arwork  which  contains  the  latest  information,  and  is  issuiagf.from  time  to  time,  but  they  may  not  feel  inclined  to  aukicribe  to  a  worn  which  is  all  complete.  At  all  events  they  ought  to  know  that  it  is  complete.  After  a  work  of  the  kind  comes  out,  it  gene generally  rally generally  is  to  be  had  cheaper—Mr.  Maclean STYLE=superscript  submitted  that  the  work  in  question  could  not  be  had  cheaper.---Court  :.At  all,  events  we  know  that  many  of  these  works  do  fall  in  prix  le  after  they  are  published, STYLE=superscript  and  the  .  '  public  have  a  right,  to  know  whether  they  are  getting  a  work,  actually  coming  out  from  time  to  time,  or  one  whi  c  h  h  as  b  een  published,  for  - STYLE=superscript  the  i  plain  reason  that  n  the  latte  r  case  ,.  th  er  e  may  be  ar'iaance,  of  getting  a  cheaper  or  a  second-hand  copy  of  th.o  same  work.  The  Court  accordingly  pronounced  jUdglitelit  in  favour  of  the  defendant.  •  •  CRUISE  V.  PILRINGTON  AND  WILSON.  In  this  case  the  plaintiff  sought  to  recover  £3  10s.  from  Messrs.  Pilkington  and  Wilson,  for  services,  in  supplyingthe  emigrant  vessel,  the  with  water.  The  plaintiff  stated  th  a  t  -h  e  h  a  d  been  paid  several  accounts  before  by  Messrs.  hiking hikington  ton hikington  and  Wilson,  on  the  order  of  the  captafm,  and  that  it  was  upon  his  order  the  present  se  r  vice  had  keen  performed.  On  the  part  of  the  defence  it  was  alleged,  that  the  service  had  been  performed  after  the  vessel  cad  cleared  the  custom  House,  and  when  the  agents  we  - STYLE=superscript  re  no  longer  responsible  for  the  order  of  the  captain.  The  court  agreed  to  allow  the  case  to  stand  until  October,  for  the  production  of  one  of  Messrs.  Pilkington  and  Wilson's  clerks,  who,  it  was  alleged,  was  present  at  the  last  order,  but  stated,  that  if  it  ap appeared  peared appeared  that  the  former  orders  of  the  captain  had  been  paid  by  defendants,  he  should  hold  them  responsible  for  the  amount  thus  claimed,  unless  some  proof  we  re  g  i  ven  by  them  that  they  had  intimated  when  their  connexion  with  the  ves vessel  sel vessel  ceased.  The  court  adjourned  alertly  after  half-pad  four  o'clock."
