text
"jamin,  RUSS  IA  We  have  received  the  St.:  Petersburg  journals  Of  the  13th  (25th)  December.  The:lnvalide  Russe  published  L  the  following  news  from  the  Crimea.—  On  the  26th  Nov.  (etli  Dec.)  Colonel  Oklobjio,  chief  of  a  detachment  of  our  left  flank,  made  from  Yenisala,  by  the  mountain  passes  a  reconnaissance  on  the  Balder  valley,  with  a  vie*  to  disturb  the  enemy  and  to  ascertain  his  forces  and  their  position.  With  this  object  during  the  night  of  the  25th  to  the  26th  our  troops  set  out  :by  the  pass  in  twa  columns,  lowed  by  a  reserve,  and  although  they  were  met  in  the  mountain  by  pelting  raiA,,  and  though  the  descent  into  the  Baidar  was  fettered  by  the  hard  nat  ure  o  f  the  land  ren rendered  dered rendered  still  mote  difficult  from  being  traversed  by  a  multi multitude  tude multitude  of  ditohes,•the  movement  was  effected  With  complete  success.  At  break  of  dap  the  three  companies  of  the  left  column;  under  the  command  of  Major  Birnkovitch,  threw  them themselves  selves themselves  on  the  village  of  Saga,  dislodging  an  advanced  post  of  a  French  detachment,  and  pursuing  it  as  far  as  the  re4erve,  composed  of  three  battalions,  which,  in  the  inter interval,  val, interval,  had  ranged  themselves  in  battle  order  on  the  heights  - STYLE=superscript  in  front  of  their  lodgments.  Three  companies  of  the  right  column  of  Major  Danileulta,  expecting  the,  enemy's  fire,  hastened  to  rejoin  the  left  column  'at  Biga.  A  combat  at  the  point  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  bayonet  took  place;  and  our  six  Companies,  'after  having  defeated  the  enemy,  pursued  him  vigorously  in  the  direction  of  the  Tchernaya.  iaThis  small,  hut  brilliant  affair  had  the  result  of  creating  alarm  in  the  whole  of  the  enemy's'  camp.  When  dense  columns  of  the  French  infantry  wai•ered,  at  the  Mordvin Mordvinoff,'ln  off,'ln Mordvinoff,'ln  coming  to  the  aid  of  their  advanced  guard,  our  detachment  effected  in  the  most  perfect  order  its  retreat  by  the  pass,  bringing  away  eighteen  prisoners.  In  aid  of  this  .reconnaissance  Major  Meuslue-Po43eh Meuslue-Po43ehline  line Meuslue-Po43ehline  of  the  regiment  of  Marshal  4adatsky's  Hussar*  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  to  the  south  ern  s  id  e  of  Mount  Yaila  with  a-com a-company  pany a-company  of  Cha  i  ssetws  and  sOme  Greeks  of  the  Balakiava:  Battalion,  and  by  an  unexpected  disoharge  of  fire..arin  s  gave  the  alarth  to  a,post  of  forty  men  who  were  formed  at  this  point,  and  who  took  flight  in  all  hast  e  .  •  TTIE  SPRING  WAR  PROCEEDINGS.  The  Baltic  Fleet  for  1856  is  to  ce  ships,  and  Est  of  3S  line  of  battl  Hinting  2812  guns  ;  1  corvett  tes;  m  ler  stedmers,'with  1Q  inns;  •17  78,0  c  -boats,  with  g  ;  4  heavy  mortar.  ships,  mounting  44  pie(  morta  the  information  eon  Palmer.  Mr.  Garth'  a  Totter.  I  want  to  knoTer  hoar  •  •  •-  .  •  1  it  was  co:mnunicated  Captain  flagon  :  I  am  not  safe  in  this  matter.::There  ii  a  great  traitor  somewhere:  I  will  take  my  oath  I  never  let  the  contents  of  that  commun  , STYLE=superscript  cation  eSeape  me.'  Mr.  Gardner  :  The  inform.!t  i;  , STYLE=superscript  n  in  the  letter  you  have'  was  sent  in  a  private  letter  to  toe.  Tile  Coroner  :  I  'do  not  wish  to  suppress  the  letter  it  neither  can  I  tell  how  Palmer  obtained  }he  information.  That  he  did  get  It  almost  as  soon  as  you  (Mr.  Gardner)  15  evident,  fur  it  appears  in  the  letter.  Captain  Hatton:  I  repeat  that  there  is  a  fearful  traitor  somewhere;  and  that  it  is  necessaryl  should  have'acopf  of  this  letter,  I  know  enough  of  this  letter  to  say  that.-  How  can  I  place  confidential  communications  in  a  man'tP  hand  until  it  is  explained.  The  Coroner  :  I  think  I  will  forward  it  to  of  State.  „  -  Captain  Batton:  Will  you  send  it  to  the  Secretary  or  State  by  this  night's  post  ?  The  Coroner.:  will;  and  ask  him  whether  lam  right  or  wrong,  Captain  Hatton:  PerhapSlit  w  i  ll  b  e  better  to  enter  into  a  full  explanatio  n  t  o  Si  r  George  Grey,  or  I  shall  have-to  do  so  when  I  go  up  to  London  on  Monday.  The  Coroner  :  I  will  send  up  an  account,  as  correct  as  I  in  question  is  understood  to.  have  ,beem  can  recollect,  of  what  .bas  taken  plane,  .  i  t  ,-  The  Subject  then  dropped.  serT  ‘i STYLE=superscript  t  e STYLE=superscript  o  rt STYLE=superscript  g  S STYLE=superscript  e  Si STYLE=superscript  C  oroiler  by  Palineri  at  tho  .tinae,  the  inquiv  was  pending  concerning  Cook's  death,  and  before  •the.  result  of  :Professor  ,Taylor's  analysis  had  transpired.  &#34;letter'-  to  '-•thnt  '  effect  .trac  k  It  is  said  to  intimate  that  Palmer  had  seen  t  letter  from  Professor  Taylcoro,-ok,sstatsi:9)grautb.l7tanhya  of  f  ot  mbeienneiaalb'eptoois:ond.eteetAin  received  by  Mr.  Gardner,  who  is  ;  ;  1  3083 STYLE=superscript  0  re  that.  he  did  not  dividge  the,  information.  'rho  police  anthor'aies  cannot  understand  how  Palmer  hecatne,acquainted  With  what  wao  . STYLE=superscript  then  a  secret  ;  and  =Bider  that  it'lnuar,  have  oozed'  out  from  the  post-office,  or  Mr.  Gardner's  establishment:  -'  •  baci  _FURTHER  STARTUNG  PARTICULIE4  ,  11f6st  ettraordinary  reVelationS,  unparalleled  in  VII  a  history  of  crime,  are  expected  to  transpire  before  this  fearful  casaia  closed.  We  are  informed,  -on.  very  credible  authority.  that  at  the  onsuinrr  .  investigation  - STYLE=superscript  evidence)  wil4  , STYLE=superscript  be  given  showing  that  Mrs.  Palmer,  before  her  . STYLE=superscript  deatk;  exclaimed  to  ft  female  attendant,'  in'  reference  to  her  husband,  that  wretch  in  the  house  ?  Ile  has  rata,rdered.a  r  ,e  , STYLE=superscript  The,ayinp  The,ayinptthus  tthus  The,ayinptthus  exhibited  during  her  illness,  .and  at  her,  decease,  are  alleged  to  be  precisely  wmilar  to  those  detailed  as  mani manifested  fested manifested  by  the  unfortunate,'  Man,.  Cook.  ,  A  stogeon  ia  Staff,  d,  who  ,  attended  •  Walter  P„llmer  several  -  during  the  short  illness  which,  preeedea  bad  given  hire  the.Pill6,  Will  qepOse  that,  on  th  occasion  of  One  Visit,  Walter  complained  to  .hini.:tll4.  pills  he  bad  sent  him  to  take,  the  previous  night,  had  made  him  awfully  for  which  William  had  insured  ill.  The  surgeon,  not  having  sent  his  patient  any  pills,  told  him  so,  and  was  answered  that  he  must  be  mistaken.  ( STYLE=superscript  af  he  l STYLE=superscript  e  l STYLE=superscript  i STYLE=superscript  (  tt  o  r STYLE=superscript  S  4 STYLE=superscript  t  l STYLE=superscript  1  ' STYLE=superscript  ;  oi.r)d.  surgeon)  h•:d  sent  them.  a  fo  n  r  d  h  d  i  e  s  c  b  L  r  u  o  c  tli  d  e  t  r  h  life,  We  arc  assured  not  a  fai,thin  , STYLE=superscript  Of  the  X  , STYLE=superscript  ‘?3;000,  ~.  Was  paid  ,  by  any  of.  tie  variuirs  , STYLE=superscript  Otfices,  att  . STYLE=superscript  '',  the.  if  the  crime-  of  fratricide,  n  supposed,  was  committed,  with  the  view  of  gaining  that  sum,  the  intent  was  happily  frustrated.  Dnectives'  were  _.  .  sent  down  from  Lona...  .....,  t.,.....  .  Walter'S  death,  threatened  ion  into  titispicious  .cireupstance:r  im.  'I  ;er  of  rumgur  po:intti  s STYLE=superscript  i  b STYLE=superscript  y  DoisoOp  we,  •  for.  i  d,  by  ,  It  )00  tfiat  ticiente.  his  wifet  .  ..1  -  We  ti'..:(ierstatid:the  the  atlorrey-general.and  Mr  cot  lane?  we  retained  for  the  pre,sccution,  and  Sergeant  'Wilkins  vviih  Mr.  Buddlestone  frr  the  defence.  •  if  money  call  (tekase  Ralwer  from  puni‘lameut  it  will  be  4viably  exp9o4l"
