text
"FRANCE.  A  projected  rising  at  Lyons  mentioned  some  days  ago,  has  been  prevented  by  a  military  demons demonstration.  tration. demonstration.  On  the  20th,  the  day  fixed  for  the  revolt;  all  the  troops  were  out,  and  the  revolutionists  see seeing  ing seeing  the  hopelessness  of  success,  abandoned  their  intention.  Several  arrests  have  been  made,  and  the  government  has  obtained  possession  of  a  roe•  resdondence,  sheaving  that  the  plan.  was  concerted  by  one  of  Llie  refugee  committees  in  London.  The  journals  announce  the  death,  at  Tulle,  of  General  Hugo,  the  uncle  of  Victor  Hugo  and  Count  Abel  Hugo,  the  well-known  statistician  and  historian.  The  General  was  advanced  in  years.  THE  MANCHESTER  TRADE.  The  following  extracts  from  the  monthly  circular  of  oue  of  the  most  eminent  mercantile  houses  in  Manchester  will  be  read  with  interest  :  Our  market  had  relapsed  into  a  dull  and  inanimate  staje  when  we  issued  our  last  circular  from  the  somewhat  im-  proved  tone  which  a  week  previously  it  had  exhibited,  and  during  the  interval  which  has  since  elapsed  the  same  features  have  shown,  but  with  partial  indications  of  improvement  from  time  to  time,  which,  after  making  their  appearance,  have  in  a  few  days  been  again  dissipated  ;  still  they  have,  on  the  whole,  tended  to  the  strength  of  prices  in  our  market,  and  in  some  cases  even  to  a  higher  point  being  established  for  some  articles  the  most  in  demand,  or  of  which  the  con-  tinuance  of  strikes,  or  otherwise  diminished  production,  has  kept  our  market  ill  supplied.  Thus,  whilst  7-Bth  printers,  9-Bths  madapollams  of  middle  qualities,  T  cloths,  and  ordinary  to  medium  qualities  of  9-Bths  shirtings  have  remained  either  stationary  in  price  or  tending  to  a  lower  point,  and  whilst  longcloths,  low  mada madapollams,  pollams, madapollams,  and  34in.  to  36in.  60  reed  printers  and  shirtings  have  rather  receded  in  value,  there  has  been  a  decided  improvement  in  the  price,  and  a  con considerably  siderably considerably  increased  facility  in  the  sale  of  most  descrip descriptions  tions descriptions  of  yarns  and  goods  suitable  for  shipment  to  India,  and  at  length  this  week  China  shirtings  have  found  ready  buyers,  and  many  of  the  stocks  which  had  weighed  as  an  incubus  on  the  market  have  changed  hands.  We  quote,  consequently,  39-40iu.  8  to  11  pick  shirtings  lid  to  2d  per  piece  dearer  ;  China  shirtings  3d  per  piece  advanced  ;  figured  shirtings  3d  per  piece  higher;  and  jacconets  also  id  to  lid  per  piece  above  last  month's  rates.  There  has  been  more  animation  also  in  the  demand  for  domestics,  in  anticipation  of  the  wants  of  the  home  trade,  taking  advantage  of  which,  and  of  their  sales,  some  manufacturers  have  raised  their  prices  1-16  d  to  per  yard.  In  these  goods,  however,  consider considerable  able considerable  irregularity  exists.  There  are  no  newfeatures  of  moment  which  have  developed  themselves  since  our  last  which  require  notice,  as  bearing  on  the  future  course  of  business  in  our  market.  The  weather  has  continued  fine  and  seasonable  '  •  and  it  is  understood  that  the  breadth  of  ground  sown  with  wheat  is  now  gre.*..  ;  than  it  has  been  for  many  years  past,  which  is  a  fact  of  great  importance,  in  relation  to  the  prospects  of  our  next  harvest.  lint  of  lime  influence,  as  affecting  the  aetn.l  state  of  the  grain  markets  at  present.  They  gave  way  a  little  further  some  weeks  ago,  but  of  late  they  have  begun  to  advance  decidedly  again,  and  the  present  price  of  wheat  is  nearly  the  double  of  what  it  was  a  twelvemonth  ago.  Should  this  high  state  of  prices  be  maintained,  as  most  probably  it  will  be  for  several  months  to  come,  the  increased  cost  of  living  must  be  sensibly  felt  by  the  general  operative  body  throughout  the  kingdom,  and  of  other  classes  above  them  in  the  social  scale.  And  as  a  result  it  cannot  be  an anticipated  ticipated anticipated  that  so  large  a  production  of  manufactures  can  find  consumption,  so  that  the  employers'  short  move movement,  ment, movement,  in  these  districts,  is  most  prudential.  To  the  same  end,  namely,  of  curtailed  demand  for  manu manufactures,  factures, manufactures,  do  the  present  disagreements  betwixt  the  work workpeople  people workpeople  and  the  employers  of  labour  greatly  contribute.  At  the  present  time  the  amount  of  wages  paid  by  spinners  and  manufacturers  cannotbe  withinls  per  cent.  of  what  is  custom customary  ary customary  when  the  factories  are  all  at  work,  and  on  full  time.  The  Preston  strike  continues  with  unabated  vigour,  and  probably  may  do  for  months  to  come,  unless  trade  improves  more  rapidly  than  can  reasonably  be  looked  for,  or  the  weekly  support  which  the  Preston  operatives  receive  from  sympa sympathisers  thisers sympathisers  throughout  the  kingdom  be  withdrawn.  At  Burnley  and  Bacup  the  operatives  have  accepted  the  reduced  wages  offered  by  the  masters,  and  work  has  been  resumed  four  days  per  week.  Ashton,  Hyde,  Stalybridge,  Glossop,  and  the  contiguous  districts,  have  gone  also  to  four  days  per  week  :  and  Stockport  has  followed  the  same  course.  Then  again,  the  prospects  of  a  general  European  war  are  more  than  ever  imminent,  and  the  impression  is  very  strong  in  well-informed  quartets,  that  unless  some  unforeseen  and  unexpected  turn  of  a  favorable  nature  takes  place,  peace  can cannot  not cannot  much  longer  be  preserved.  It  is  now  known  that  the  English  and  Franch  fleets  have  left  Beicos  bay,  for  the  Black  Sea,  and  Sebastopol  is  surmised  to  be  their  destination.  A  few  weeks  more  will  probably  end  the  first  great  ant  in  this  eventful  drama.  With  such  influences  as  these,  coupled  as  they  are  with  some  ministerial  changes  of  no  small  importance,•which  have  unexpectedly  added  another  element  of  complication,  it  would  scarcely  be  looked  for  that  confidence  should  be  firmly  re-established.  Hence  the  immediate  relapse  of  feeling  after  each  manifestation  of  improvement  which  has  shown  itself.  Still,  on  the  whole,  our  market  has  rather  gained  than  lost  ground  during  the  month.  The  diminished  supply  of  goods  has  begun  to  be  sensibly  felt  in  some  departments  our  market,  and  the  probability  of  their  manufacture  continuing  to  be  interfered  with,  has  caused  buyers  to  act  with  spirit,  and  for  India  fabrics  many  contracts  have  been  given  out,  extending  over  the  next  three  or  four  months'  production  of  certain  articles.  No  doubt  the  improved  accounts  from  India  by  the  later  mails  have  been  auxiliary  to  this,  and  latterly  a  brighter  expectation  seems  to  have  become  general  of  the  prospects  of  even  the  China  markets.  From  Australia  accounts  have  been  far  more  satisfactory  than  previously  looked  for,  and  as  largo  remittances  of  gold  continue  to  pour  in  weekly,  it  is  naturally  to  be  expected  that  increased  shipments  will  again  be  made  outwards.  The  firm  position  of  the  cotton  market  has  also  exerted  no  inconsiderable  influence  in  sustaining  our  market.  Des Despite  pite Despite  the  diminishing  consumption,  cotton  maintains  its  price,  or  rather  tends  upwards  for  middle  and  good  qualities.  It  is  only  low  grades  that  show  any  weakness,  and:they  not  to  any  important  extent.  The  prospects  for  the  next  year  are  for  an  ample  supply,  though,  it  is  said,  of  inferior  quality.  It  is,  however,  late  in  coming  to  the  ports,  which  delay  is  favourable  to  the  maintenance  of  prices  on  this  side,  and  also  in  the  transatlantic  markets."
