text
"THE  WAR.  PRANCE.  We  read  in  the  Journal  des  Debats  that,  accord according  ing according  to  accounts  received  from  Constantinople,  orders  have  been  transmitted  to  Omar  Pacha  to  send  to  Trebizond  the  greater  portion  of  the  battalions  under  his  command  as  fast  as  they  reach  Soukum  Kaleh.  A  letter  dated,  Paris,  Friday,  mentions  that  the  assurance  had  that  day  been  given  in  an  official  quarter  of  the  'resolution  of  this  government  to  Carry  on  the  war  in  the  most  vigorous  mann mannthe  the mannthe  event  of  Russia  not  acceding  to  the  proposi  tions  adopted  by  the  allies.  It  was  repeated  r  the  same  time  that  the  Emperor  Napoleon  3 STYLE=superscript  no  insatiable  desire  for  war  ;  on  the  cent  he  would  feel  as  much  satisfaction  as  any  one  that  the  war  should  cease,  but  that  he  and  the  English.  Government  were  determined  not  to  abate  one  iota  of  the  terms  on  Which  peace  would  be  accepted,  and  that  if  Russia  still  held  out  she  would  SOOll  see  how  two  such  Powers  make  war  in  the  Baltic.  It  was  not  denit  was  still  a  glimmer  of  hope  of  peace,  ou,,  admitted  that  the  glimmer  was  very  faint  ins  There  are  many  rumours,  but  it  is  while,  indeed,  it  would  be  waste  of  time  to  occupy  you  with  them,  as  they  can  only  be  founded  on  the  merest  conjectures.  In  some  of  the  Ger Gertaan  taan Gertaan  Chancelleries  in  Paris  it  is  said  that  the  despatch  sent  by  Count  George  Esterhazy  of  the  disposition  of  the  King  of  Prussia  to  support  the  Austrian  propositions  at  St.  Petersbur  g  led  to  oon STYLE=superscript  clusions  far  too  f  avourable  and  exaggerated  and  th  a  t  t  h  e  Count  disappeared  soon  after  from  Berlin,  and  it  is  supposed  proceeded  to  Vienna  to  set  his  Government  right  on  the  matter,  and  it  is  feared  to  considerably  reduce  the  importance  which  had,  unintentionally  or  otherwise,  been  attached  to  the  promise,  or  engagement,  of  the  MTh  Ring  o  f  Bavaria  continues,  as  before,  anxious  for  peace,  but  w  i  t  h  restr  i  ctions,  and  he  d  not  go  bey  on  d  the  acceptance  by  Russia  of  howev  er  the  four  points.  M.  d  e  B  eust  remains  faithful  ,  to  th  e  i  mpressions  with  which  he  left  Paris  on  his  return  to  Germany,  and  to  thos  e  who  r STYLE=superscript  eproach  hi  m  with  his  change  of  opinion  he  alleges  the  milita STYLE=superscript  ry  advantage  s  th  e  b  elligerent  Powers  have  already  obtained,  and  the  satisfactory  ex-  Planations  given  to  him  by  the  Emperor  and  the  French  Minister  for  Foreign  Affairs.  The  resentment  of  Russia  against  Sweden  is  very  great.  She  will  never  forget  or  forgive  the  alliance  of  that  government  with  France  and  England,  A  new  exchange  of  prisoners  between  the  French  and  Russians  took  place  recently  at  Odessa.  Among  the  Fr  ench  p  r  i  soners  given  up  were  three  o  ffi  cers  of  utour,  wh  o  were  captured  it  may  be  remembered,  some  time  ago  by  the  Cossacks  whilst  out  shooting  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Kinburn.  er,  in  ed  that  then  lot  worth  AUSTRIA.  From  Vienna  our  adviees,  dated  the  Ist  instant,  state  that  political  news  there  is  none,  but  a  few  words  m  us  t  b  e  said  respecting  a  dinner  which  Prince  Gortschakeff  a  few  - STYLE=superscript  days  since  gave  to  Baron  Rees  and  other  Austrian  officers  of  the  highest  ,rank.  Towards  the  end  of  the  meal  Prince  Gorts GortsakeSi  akeSi GortsakeSi  proposed  the  health  of  Baron  Hess,  and  at  tie  same  time  expressed  his  heartfelt  satisfaction  that  there  was  such  an  excellent  understanding  between  the  Russian  and  Austrian  armies.  In  a  word,  the  Russian  minister  took  an  ungenerous  advantage  of  his  position  as  host,  an-d  insinuated  that  the  political  opinions  of  his  Majesty's  princi principal  pal principal  Generals  did  not  coincide  with  those  enter entertained  tained entertained  by  his  Majesty's  ministers.  Baron  Hess,  who  is  a  good  diplomatist  as  well  as  a  skilful  offi officer,  cer, officer,  replied  that  he  was  greatly  flattered  by  the  compliments  paid  him  by  the  Prince,  but  took  no  notice  whatever  of  the  political  part  of  his  speech.  Naturally  a  public  correspondent  cannot  mention  his  sources  of  information,  but  you  may  be  perfectly  sure  that  the  Emperor  expressed  extreme  indigna indignation  tion indignation  when  he  learned  that  the  Minister  of  a  foreign  Power  had  dared  to  hint  that  his  army  disapproved  of  his  policy  in  the  Eastern  Question.  The  de 'demonstration'  wss  intended  to  be  against  the  Minis Minister  ter Minister  for  Foreign  Affairs,  but  Prince  Gortschakoff  over overshot  shot overshot  the  mark,  and  forgot  that  the  Emperor,  as  an  absolute  Monarch,  directs  the  foreign  policy  of  Austria,  and  that  Count  Buol  merely  obeys  the  instructions  which  he  receives.  No  one  can  be  better  aware  of  the  perfect  correctness  of  this  remark  than  M.  de  Bourqueney,  and  the  Earl  of  Westmoreland,  for,  to  my  certain  knowledge,  both  of  them  more  than  once  heard  from  thelips  of  the  Austrian  states statesman,  man, statesman,  that  he  was  only  the  interpreter  of  the  will  of  his  Imperial  master.  Count  Manteuflel,  who  was  e STYLE=superscript  xpected  by  th  e  morn  i  ng  tra  i  n  from  Dresden,  has  not  yet  arrived.  At  the  sitting  which  was  held  yesterday  by  the  Ad STYLE=superscript  ministrative  Coun  c  il  o  f  t  h  e  Credit  Bank,  Prince  Max  von  Fiirstenberg  proposed  Prince  Schwarzen•  berg  as  President  of  the  Company,  and  that  noble nobleman,  man, nobleman, STYLE=superscript  who  is  the  largest  landed  proprietor  in  Bohemia,  was  elected  by  acclamation.  In  addition  to  the  Financial  Committee,  a  Com Committee  mittee Committee  of  Organisation  has  been  formed,  whose  duty  it  will  b  o  to  propose  the  employes  and  estab establish  lish establish  the  bureaux  of  the  Company.  The  Financial  Committee  will  manage  the  funds  of  the  Company,  and  for  the  moment  invest  its  capital  in  such  a  way  that  it  can  be  had  at  a  very  short  notice.  No  one  is  inclined  to  doubt  that  the  shares  will  bear  a  very  high  premium  before  a  year  has  elapsed.  In  consequence  of  the  enormous  rise  in  the  price  of  all  the  necessaries  of  life,  the  lower  classes  of  Government  clerks  are  in  such  extreme  distress  that  his  Majesty  has  directed  they  shall  either  receive  temporary  assistance,  or  have  their  salaries  augmented.  Prince  Gortschakoff  and  his  suite  declare  that  they  fully  expect  to  quit  Vienna,  but  it  will  be  seen  that  they  will  linger  here  as  long  as  they  can  find  an  excuse  for  doing  so.  The  Kalisch  corres•  pondent  of  the  Oesterreichi&lt;che  Zeitung,  who  is  no  bad  authority  in  such  matters,  is  of  opinion  that  Russia  will  never  accept  such  conditions  as  those  which  have  now  been  sent  by  this  government  to  St.  Petersburg.  On  the  same  authority  it  ma  be  stated  that  O  mar  P  asha  is  not  on  the  banks  of  the  Rion,  but  behind  the  river  Teehur.  RUSSIA.  The  following  is  the  text  of  the  appeal  addressed  by  the  Emperor  of  Russia  to  the  peasants  of  the  Crown  domains.  It  is  sent  to  Count  Perowsky,  General  of  Infantry  and  Minister  of  Appanages  :  Count  Leon  Alexiewitsch  I—Our  father  of  blessed  memory,  by  a  rescript  addressed  to  you  on  October  25,  1854,  called  upon  the  peasants  of  the  Crown  domains  to  participate  in  the  general  work  of  the  defence  of  the  country.  At  once  many  more  volunteers  presented  them themselves  selves themselves  than  were  necessary  to  form  the  effective  of  the  regiment  of  tirailleurs  of  the  Imperial  family,  three•battalions  strong.  .  More  than  half  of  those  who  offered  themselves  were  able  to  return  to  their  homes.  We  nowue  it  necessary  to  f  orm  the  fourth  battalion  o  j STYLE=superscript  f  the  same  regiment,  and-we  therefore  order  a  new  appeal  to  be  addressed  to  the  peasants  of  the  domains  conformably  to  the  principles  established  in  the  regulation  of  Oct.  25,  1854.  In  charging  you  with  the  formation  of  the  fou  r  th  battalion,  w  e  are  .  perfectly  convinced.  that  in  response  to  our  appeal  the  peasants  of  the  d  oma  i  ns  will  run  to  the  defence  of  the  country  with  the  same  eagerness  as  their  brothers,  called  b  our  y  father,  displayed,  when  they  o STYLE=superscript  ox  andffed  t  holhemselve  Russia.  s  to  resist  the  enemies  of  orthod  (Signed)  y  ALEXANDER.  scarce  in  Russia  :  men,  Everything  is  getting  money,  saltpetre,  sulphur,  and  foren  produce  of  ent  offer  fabu fabuevery  every fabuevery  description.  In  vain  Governor  lously  high  prices  to  contractors  for  the  delivery  of  saltpetre,  in  the  hope  of  making  available  the  pri private  vate private  stocks  of  the  merchants.  The  article  is  not  to  be  had.  Private  instructions  have  been  given  to  the  custom-houses  on  the  frontiers  to  admit  con contraband  traband contraband  of  war,  and  many  thousand  bags  o  f  saltpetre  have  been  entered  as  rice,  and  chests  of  sulphur  as  Havanna  sugar  ;  but  still  the  consump consumption  tion consumption  is  greater  than  the  supply,  and  it  is  difficult  to  see  where  gunpowder  is  to  come  from  if  the  war  is  to  be  continued.  In  spite  of  the  severe  pains  and  Penalties  on  the  exportation  of  gold  and  silver  coin,  the  profit  on  such  transacti  ons  i  s  so  l  ucrat  i  ve  that  the  smugglers  are  prepared  to  run  all  risk  of  detection;  for  they  receive  no  less  than  4  per  cent.  commission  on  this  side  the  frontier,  and  as  much  more  on  the  other.  It  is  therefore  no  wonder  that  the  Imperials  and  demi-Imperials  are  getting  every  day  scarcer.  The  reported  discovery  of  large  beds  of  sulphur  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  banks  of  the  river  Volga  turns  out  to  be  a  hoax.  Admiral  Paniutin,  the  late  commander-in-chief  of  the  Russian  naval  forces  in  the  Pacific,  who,  it  will  be  remembered,  lost  the  frigate  Diana  in  the  waters  of  Japan,  has  been  raised  by  the  Emperor  to  the  dignity  of  a  count.  PRUSSIA,  Despatches  from  Berlin,  dated  the  4th  in;  state  that  the  late  sudden  change  in  the  weath  after  the  rture  of  the  last  of  the  Allied  cruis  I  the  I  ussian  vessels  in  the  Scandinavian  it  escape.  The  coast  has  been  free  from  ice  as  far  up  the  Baltic  as  Hones  of  peace  have  somewhat  revived  reported  that  Baron  Seebach  ports  to  effect  t  answer"
