text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  pane  of  glass  on  one  side  and  a  white  one  on  the  other.]  The  witness  remarked,  that  this  coincided  with  the  state statement  ment statement  of  Mr.  I,,inapp,  who  said  he  - STYLE=superscript  saw  a  white  lamp  ;  the  white  side  was  the  one  he  saw,  while  the  red  side  was  turned•  towards  the  driver  •  there  was  another  kind  'of  light  that  might  be  changed  to  green  from  white,  and  white  to  green.  [The  witness  then  produced  one  of  the  fog  signals,  which  are  placed  on  the  line  and  explode  when  the  wheel  of  an  engine  passes  over  them.]  I  heard  that  some  signal  was  used  by  the  station-master  at  Straffan  on  the  evening  of  the  accident  ;  the  rockets  might  be  very  good  if  the  g  uards  were  prepared  with  them  at  a  proper  time  ;  it.  would  - STYLE=superscript  be  difficult  to  say  whether  they  were  sent  up  on  the  line  . STYLE=superscript  or  at  a  gentle-  Man's  residence  near  it.  •To  Mr.  Fitzgibbon—lf  I  had  lamp  and  fog  signals  with  me,  seeing  a  train  approaching  .  very  near,  and  if  I  must  neglect  the  use  of  any  of  my  signals,  it  would  be  the  ex explosive  plosive explosive  ones,  thinking  that  the  lamp  would  be  most  effective  in  such  cases.  Mr.  Ilberry  then  gave  Barry,  the  guard,  a  very  high  cha character.  racter. character.  He  had  known  him  since  he  (Mr.  Ilberry)  joined  he  company—more  then  six  years  ago.  The  man  always  yore  a  high  character  for  correct  conduct,  and  he  had  never  mud  a  complaint  against  him.  To  Mr.  Curran—l  had  never  heard  anything  against  Gass,  but  he  is  not  in  my  department  :  he  seemed  perfectly  ;ober  on  the  night  of  the  accident.  Mr.  Kennedy,  station-master  of  Portarlington,  examined  —The  express  train  left  Portarlington  station  on  Wedn(s Wedn(s-lay,  lay, Wedn(s-lay,  at  thirty-eight  minutes  past  four,  the  pick-up  train  arrived  aVeleven  or  twelve  minutes  after  fonf  ;  after  taking  in  water  it  shunted  on  a  siding  ;  I  think  it  started  about  ten  to  twelve  minutes  after  the  express  train  ;  the  latter  arrived  seven  minutes  after  time  ;  the  guard  of  the  waggon  train  has  a  book  in  which  he  marks  the  time  he  arrives  at•  and  leaves  each  station;  there  is  a  time  fixed  for  the  arrival  rid  departure  of  the  goods  trains,  but  they  are  not  bound  to  time  ;  if  the  goods  arrives  before  the  passenger  train,  and  that  we  have  no  business  for  it,  it  is  then  allowed  to  go  on  ;  it  might  start  five  minutes  after  the  passenger  train  '  I  was  furnished  with  a  written  memorandum,  setting  forth  the  time  of  the  arrival  of  this  train  ;  sometimes  the  station stationmasters  masters stationmasters  are  furnished  with  the  time-table  of  the  goods  train  ;  I  have  no  recollection  of  having  received  a  copy  of  it  if  I  have  one  it  is  not  posted  up  for  public  observation.  It  is  not  usual  for  the  express  train  to  be  seven  minutes  late,  but  it  has  happened.  Berry  was  quite  sober  when  passing  the  Portarlington  station.  Gass  was  not  drunk,  but  witness  could  not  say  whether  the  latter  had  been  drinking  or  not.  He  seamed  to  have  drunk  slightly.  There  is  a  pullic-house  within  200  yards  of  the  station.  .  Richard  John  Ball,  station-master  at  Sallins,  examined  —  I  start  trains  as  punctually  as  possible;  if  a  passenger  train  is  in  five  minutes  before  its  time,  we  keep  it  till  its  time  is  up,  and  then  start  it;  the  policeman  generally  starts  the  goods  train,  but  if  I  am  there  I  see  that  it  is  not  started  too  soon  after  the  other  train;  I  mean  by  too  that  they  must  stop  five  minutes  before  they  can  start  ;  the  driver  of  the  goods  train  can  start  after  the  time  is  up  ;  he  is  only  under  my  control  at  the  station  as  to  going  on  or  shunting  ;  goods  trains  rarely  keep  time  like  a  passenger  train;  as  soon  as  ready  it  is  started  ;  I  do  not  recollect'  their  ever  arriving  before  time  ;  we  would  not  allow  them  to  start  for  half-an half-anhour,  hour, half-anhour,  if  a  passenger  train  were  due  at  that  time  ;  I  do  not  say  that  the  time  table  is  of  no  use,  but  the  goods  train  never  arrives  at  the  hour  mentioned  in  it;  according.  to  an  entry  in  my  book,  the  express  train  arrived  on  Wednesday  at  thirty-five  minutes  past  five  and  left  at  thirty-seven  minutes  past  five  ;  it  was  due  at  nineteen  minutes  past  five  ;  the  goods  train  arrived  at  5.56,  and  left  at  6.6  ;  there  was  nothing  the  matter  with  the,  express  engine,  as  reported  to  me,  on  its  arrival  at  Sallins;  I  cannot  under undertake  take undertake  to  say  that  there  were  lights  on  the  express  train.  •  John  Heffernan,  engine-driver  on  the  Great  Sout  hern STYLE=superscript  andWestem  Railway,  examined.—l  am  the  driver  of  No.  14  engine  ;  I  am  in  the  employment  of  the  company  seven  years  ;  I  am  five  years  working  that  engine  ;  I  was  em emplo_yed  plo_yed emplo_yed  on  the  Grand  Junction  in  England  for  nine  years  •  and  nine  months  ;  on  Wednesday  .  evening  we  started  from  Sallins,  at  nineteen  or  twenty  minutes  to  six  o'clock  ;  I  knew  I  was  late  there  ;  I  was  twelve  minutes  late  in  starting  from  Thurles;  we  started  at  three  o'clock  ;  at  Sallins  the  guard  started  the  train;  he  keeps  a  time-piece;  the  engine  had  not  failed  in  any  way  previous  to  coming  to  that  station  ;  it  first  began  to  fail  at  the  second  bridge  from  Straffan  ;  when  I  found  that  there  was  some  derangement  .in  the  gearing,  I  shut  off  the  steam  immediately  ;  we  travelled  near  half  a  mile  after  shutting  oft  the  steam  before  the  train  became  stationary  '  •  when  it  stopped  I  examined  the  machinery,  and  found  that  one  of  the  pistons  was  broken;  I  could  not  see'  whether  the  cylinder  was  broken;  one  of  the  covers  was  ;  it  is  not  a  very  frequent  accident— accidentrather  rather accidentrather  a  very  rare  one  ;  it  occurred  to  me  before  on  this  line  with  that  engine  ;  it  was  about  five  years  ago..  immediately  after  the  engine  came  to  us  ;  the  first  piston  that  was  broken  was  composed  of  cast  iron  •  the  one  broken  now  is  also  composed  of  the  same  material;  I  cannot  account  for  if;  I  was  going  at  the  rate  of  twenty-eight  or  thirty  miles  an  hour  at  the  time  ;  that  is  not  more  than  the  usual  speed,  it  is  rather  slower  ;  the  engine  has  always  been  in  perfect  order,  except  a  little  job  after  every  trip,  such  as  washing  the  boiler  out  ;  greasing  the  pipes,  and  so  on  ;  it  is  a  very  good  engine  for  the  traffic  of  this  line  ;  it  was  the  same  side  that  broke  five  7  - STYLE=superscript  Garb  awe  it  is  usual  for  an  engineer  to  keep  a  look-out  ;  tare  was  light  to  uncouple  the  engine  ;  I  was  under  the  engine  immedi immediately  ately immediately  before  the  collission  ;  the  fireman  told  me  to  come  out,  that  there  was  something:  coming  'into  me  ;  I  would  say  that  I  was  there  twenty..  minutes  from  the  time  I  came  to  the  stand  ;  I  think  in  seven  or  eight  minutes  more  I  would  have  got  her  all  right,  and  brought  her  in  ;  one  engine  would  be  sufficient  to  bring.her  in;  two  or  three  minutes  after  the  accident  the  guard  went  down  the  line  ;  he  came  to  the  engine  to  light  his  lamp  ;  I  saw  the  police  sergant  along  with  the  guard  ;  he  was  a  passenger  in  the  train,  and  got  out  when  the  train  stopped  ;  it  was  about  a  quarter  of  an  hour  after  the  accident  that  the  fireman  told  me  the  train  was  approaching  ;  I  was  about'  a  second  from  under  it  when  the  collision  took  place  ;  coming  from  Sallins,  if  it  is  clear  and  no  fog,  I  can  see  the  Straffan  light  about  three  miles;  it  was  lighting  when  I  was  going;  I  saw  it  about  one  mile  and  three-quarters;  it  was  the  white  light  I  observed;  I  saw  the  Straffan  light  long  before  I  pulled  up  ;  on  such  a  night  a  white  light  can  be  seen  farther  than  a  red  one  ;  I  could  not  call  it  foggy,  but  there  were  mists  of  rain  now  and  then  ;  I  could  see  a  red  light  a  mile  and  a  quarter  distant;  the  rails  were  in  a  greasy,  slippery  state  that  night,  on  the  night  in  question  it  would  take  one  mile  and  a  quar quarter  ter quarter  to  pull  up  .  the  goods  train  with  twenty  trucks  •  if  Gass  had  seen  the  signal  at  the  distance  of  a  mile,  and  shot  off  his  steam,  and  put  on  the  breaks,  I  do  not  think  that  he  would  have  done  any  damage,  though  he  might  have  shaken  the  carriages  ;  I  cannot  say  whether  the  lights  were  put  on  the  train  at  Kildare  ;  when  the  train  broke  down,  I  then  lit  the  red  lamp  in  front  of  the  engine,  and  two  white  lamps  at  the  rare  of  it  ;  the  latter  are  obscured  by  :the  _carriages  ;  the  lamps  of  the  train  might  have  been  lit  without  my  know knowledge,  ledge, knowledge,  but  I  did  not  see  them  lighted.  To  Mr.  Meagher.—lt  was  in  or  about  the  second  bridge  from  Straffan  that  I  shut  off  steam  ;  if  I  observed  a  red  light  at  a  station,  being  about  two  miles  distant,  I  would  pull  up  immediately,  particularly  on  a  greasy  . STYLE=superscript  night  ;  it  was  quite  sufficient  for  a  person  to  go  half-a-inile  near  the  train  which  was  advancing  behind  ;  the  train  could  not  pull  up  in  that  distance  ;  the  guard  going  back  with  a  light  half  a  mile  might  be  seen  another  mile  and  a-half  by  the  train  :  I  have  been  checked  by  a  man  with  a  . STYLE=superscript  rad  flag,  and.  I  have  slackened  immediately,  blown  the  whistle,  and  reversed  the  engine;  I  could  not  say  for  what  distance  the  guard  with  that  red  lamp  could  be  seen.  I  should  say  the  time  he  went  back  it  could  be  seen  about  a  mile  and  a-half;  at  the  time  of  the  collision  I  think  it  would  be  seen  the  same  distance  ;  an  engineer  discharging  his  duty,  and  keeping  a  proper  look lookout,  out, lookout,  I  think  would  be  able  to  see  the  light  about  a  mile,  or  a  mile  and  a-half;  the  fog  signals  placed  at  half  a  mile  back  would  :not  have  prevented  the  collision;  it  would  not  have  diminished  the  force  of  the  collision,  or  the  number  of  per perions  ions perions  who  lost  their  lives  ;  he  would  have  broken  the  car carriages  riages carriages  after  all.  To  the  Coroner.—The  rails  being  in  good  girder,  it  would  take  three-quarters  of  a  mile  to  pull  up:  To  Mr.  Meagher.—There  are  sometimes  two  breaks,  and  sometimes  one  to  express  trains  ;  it  depends  on  the  number  of  carriages;  a  train  of  twenty  carriages  would  require  two  breaks  for  the  safety  of  the  passengers  ;  I  consider  two  breaks  little  enough  for  twenty  carriages  ;  they  have  often  more  ;  the  regular  luggage  train  has  three  ;  the  passenger  train  would  be  more  easily  pulled  up  with  the  same  number  of  breaks  than  the  goods  train.  To  Mr.  Coffey.—The  engine  which  I  brought  up  to  Dublin  commenced  to  run  at  ten  o'clock  ;  it  had  not  been  at  work  the  day  previous;  the  practice  of  the  company  is  to  work  an  engine  alternate  days  ;  I  know  it  had  been  under  the  examination  of  the  engineers  the  previous  day  ;  I  made  a  careful  and  minute  examination  of  it  in  the  morning,  and  found  it  all  right  ;  I  observed  no  defect  in  it  on  the  journey  to  Thurles;  there  is  a  workshop  at  Thurles,  and  there  is  a  staff  of  engineers  and  workmen  there,  to  make  repairs  of  engines  ;  after  I  arrived  in  Thurles  I  left  the  engine  in  the  engine  shed  ;  I  examined  it  again  before  starting  on  my  return,  and  it  was  in  perfect  working  order,  without  any  defect  ;  I  had  the  stoker  with  me  ;  he  has  been  with  me  twelve  months  last  August;  if  I  want  anything  done  to  the  engine  at  Thurles,  I  report  to  the  engineer,  and  he  gets  •  •  it  'ilone.  To  the  Coroner.—l  did  not  examine  the  pistons,  for  I  could  not.  To  Mr.  Coffey.—On  the  lay-by  .  days  there  is  a  general  over-hauling  of  the  engines  ;  to  give  an,  accurate  opinion  of  the  facility  of  pulling  up,  I  should  consider  weight,  speed,  and  gradient  ;  at  the  rate  I  was  travelling,  I•would  be  at  Inchicore  in  twenty-five  minutes  after  leaving  Sallins.  It  being  then  six  o'clock,  the  inqueit  was  adjourned  to,  this  morning.  Herr  Glukman,  the  well  known'  photograpist  has  'addressed  a  letter  to  the  papers,  stating  that  he  has  found  out  a  plan  by  which  the  driver  of  an  engine  can  be  com communicated  municated communicated  with  by  tho  guard,  and  that  the  experiment  is  in  course  of  trial  on  the  Chester  and  Holyhead  Railway.  MURDER.—On  Monday  night  in  Belfast,  a  man  named  Chapman,  brutally  murdered  his  wife,  1#  beating  her.  It  is  thought  he  was  intoxicated  at  the  time.  LISBURN  ELECTION.—This  election  has,  as  I  anticipated,  terminated  in  the  return  of  the  Liberal  candidate,  Mr.  Jon Jonathan  athan Jonathan  Joseph  Richardson  of  the  Island.  His  Tory  names  sake  did  not  come  forward  at  all,  and  a  Mr.  Birney,  who  was  nominated  in  his  stead,  according  to  the  Belfast  _Yews  Letter,  has  since  retired.  TiE  AIDLY.—The  six  regiments  about  whose  destination  there  has  been  so  much  discussion,  have  received  orders  to  ,  hold  themselves  ready  for  the  march.  Whatever  has  been  said  on  the  subject,  it  is  a  matter  of  more  than  - STYLE=superscript  probability  that  these  : STYLE=superscript  movements  will  have  something  to  do  with  the  state  of  things  in  the  East...  Whether  they  shall  go  further  than  Malta  or  Gibralter,  will  depend  as  much  on  the  Emperor  of  Russia,':  as  on  Lord  Harding°  ;  and  the  general  impression  is  that  the  matter  has  been  so  managed  as  to  propitiate  both  peace  and  war  parties.  If  hostilities  com commence,  mence, commence,  they  will  be  a  sort  of  vidette,  for  a  larger  force,  on  the  banks  of  the  Danube,  and  if  the  contfflry  resulthappens,  it  will  be  said  that  it  was  all  along  only  a  mere  routine  change  of  quarters.  This  is  the  common  gossip  in  Dublin  military  circles.  _  MAYNOOTH  COHMISSION.—The  commissioners  held  their  sixteenth  meeting  at  their  office  in  the  castle  yesterday.  The  Chief  Baron  was  sufficiently  recovered  to  resume  his  atten attendance  dance attendance  on  yesterday.  A  short-hand  writer  from  Messrs.  Gurney  and  Sons,  of  London,  attended  on  the  commissioners,  and  they  have  been  engaged  for  a  considerable  time  in  the  oral  examination  of  the  professors  and  officers  of  the  college  .  THE  ECCLESIASTICAL  TITLES  Aar.-The  Right  Rev.  Dr.  Walsh  has  just  issued  a  addressed  to  the  faithful  of  the  clergy  and  people  in  the  diocese  of  Ossory,  calling  for  subscriptions  towards  the  completion  of  a  cathe 'cathedral,'  now  in  course  of  erection  in  the  city  of  Kilkenny.  By  way  of  evincing  his  respect  for  an  act  of  parliament,  this  Dr.  Walsh  thus  heads  the  pastoral  Edward,  by  the  Grace  of  God  and'  ApOstolic  See  Bishop  of  Ossory,  to  our  dearly  beloved  brethren  and  children  in  Christ—the  clergy  and  laity  of  said  •  Q  UEEN  '  S  COLLEGE,  BELFAST.—Thomas  Edward  CR&amp;  Lesile,  Esq.,  btrrnster-at-law,  been  appointed  professor  of  Political  Economy  and  Jurisprudence  in  the  Queen's  Col College,  lege, College,  Belfast,  in  the  room  of  William  Neilson  Hancock,  Esq.,  LL.  D.,  who  has  removed  his  residence  to  Dublin.  TILE  MISSIONARY  MOVEMENT.--A  Roman  Catholic  priest  named  0'  Keefe  has  been  committed  for  trial  at  the  King's  County  quarter  sessions,  for  assaulting  a  scripture  reader  named  Edghill.  LANCASHIRE  .INSURANCE  COMPANY.  The  first  annual  meeting  of  this  company  was  held  on  Wednesday  last,  at  the  Royal  Exchange,  Manchester,  in  ac accordance  cordance accordance  with  the  deed  of  settlement.  The  chair  was  occu occupied  pied occupied  by  . STYLE=superscript  Nicholas  lIALD,  Esq.  Mr.  Kennedy,  the  general  manager,  read  the  report,  from  which  it  appeared,  that  since  the  establishment  of  the  com company  pany company  in  the  spring  of  1852,  the  safe  and  legitimate  extension  of  the  business  of  the  company  had  unremittingly  occupied  the  attention  of  thp  board.  The  allotment  of  the  shares  had  been  carefully  made,  with  a  view  to  secure  business.  The  very  satisfactory  results  of  the  Liverpool  office  had  justified  not  only  the  allotments  made  by  the  Provisional  - STYLE=superscript  Directors  of  that  most  important  place,  but  had  quite  war warranted  ranted warranted  the  establishment  of  a  local'  board  '  there.  The  directors  had  succeeded  in  purchasing  the  entire  busi business  ness business  of  the  late  British  Fire  and  Life  Assurance  Company,  which  had  secured  them  an  established  position  in  the  metro metropolis,  polis, metropolis,  where  they:.had  now  an  influential  and  important  board.  The  income  from  the  policies  in  the  British  Company  amounted  to  £6,500,  which  this  company  had  been  able  to  maintain.  In  the  West  of  Scotland,  a  local  board  had  been  appointed,  and  an  influential  proprietary  obtained.  After  paying  all  losses,  the  necessarily  heavy  expenses  of  a  new  office,  and  £5  per  cent:  interest  to  the  Shareholders,  there  was  laid  by  for  Life  Reserve  and  Life  Bonus  purposes  upwards  of  £7,500,  and  there  was  now  accumulated  the  sum,  including  the  premiums  on  shares,  of  nearly  . STYLE=superscript  £B,OOO  for  similar  purposes  in  the  Fire  department.  In  addition  to  the  large  amount  of  Duty,  the  income  of  the  Company  from  all  other  sources  amounted  to  £32,593  12s.  11d.  -They  had  issued  182  New  Policies,  assuring  £110,105,  and  yield yielding  ing yielding  an  annual  income  of  £3,309  10s.  6d.,  and  the  business  now  doing  was  above  the  average  of  the  past  year.  The  report  concluded  with  the  following  observations.  The  results  of  the  past  year's  business  are  most  successful  and  encouraging  ;  and  they.take  leave  to  add,  that,  having  done  their  utmost  to  procure  so  favourable  a  termination  of  their  first  year's  labours,  they  feel  entitled  to  call  upon  each  Shareholder  to  bring,  by  his  infin.ence,  at  least  one  Fire  and  one  Life  Policy  from  others,  in  addition  to  his  own  direct  business.  The  CHMIIMAN  moved  the  adoption  of  the  report,  and  that  it  be  printed  and  . STYLE=superscript  circulated  amongst  the  share-  holders,  Mr.  WILLIAM  JENKINSON  (Marlborough-square,  Salford,)  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  carried  unanimously.  The  retiring  directors  were  re-eleeted,  and  seven  no  w  directors  were  also  Appointed.  Resolutions  tendering  votes  of  thanks  to  the  different  local  boards  were  agreed  -to,  and  a  vote  of  ,XlOOO  to  the  directors,  as  a  substantial  mark  of  approval,  of  their  services,  on  the  'part  of  the  shareholders,  was  carried  unanimously.  The  proceedings  terminated,  after  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  chairman.  CONSECRATION  OF  CHRIST  CHURCH.  DENTON,  NEAR  MANCHESTER.  YESTERDAY,  the  conceeration  of  Christ  Church  Denton,  took  place  under  circumstances  of  peculiar  interest  and  at attraction.  traction. attraction.  The  erection  and  completion  of  this  new  House  of  Prayer  is  mainly  owing  to  the  arduous  and  unceasing  exer exertions  tions exertions  of  the  Rev.  Richard  Greswell,  8,D.;  of  Worcester  Col College,  lege, College,  Oxford,  and  . STYLE=superscript  son  of  the  Rev.  Incumbent  of  the  old  parish  church  of  Denton.  To  do  honour  on  the  occasion  of  the  consecration  of  the  church,  the  Right  Hon.  the  Chan Chancellor  cellor Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  the  Right.  Rev.  the  Bishop  of  Ox Oxford,.  ford,. Oxford,.  and  the  intimate  riends  of  the  Rev.  Mr.  Greswell  paid  a  special  visit  to  Dent  On.  The  weather  was  favourable,  and  the  result  was,  that  there  was,  throughout  the  whole  of  the  proceedings,  an  immense  concourse  of  people  assembled  in  the  immediate  neighbourhood  of  the  church.  The  church  was  crowded  to  excess,  .and  hundreds  were  obliged  to  go  away  who  were  unable  to  obtain  admission._  It  is  a  day  which  will  be  long  remembered  in  Denton  and  the  neighbourhood.  Amongst  those  present  on  the  occasion  we  noticed  the  Right  Rev.-the:Bishop  of  'Manchester,  the  Right  Rev,  the  Bishop  of  Oxford,  the  Right  Hon.  W.  E.  Gladstone,  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer  ;  Sir  William  Heathcoate,  Lady  Heathcoate,  Sir  Stephen  Glynne,  the  Earl  of  Wilton,  the  Countess  of  Wilton,  the  Lord  de  Ros,  Lord  R.  Grosvcnor,.Lord  Grey  de  Wilton,  the  Very  Rev,  the  Dean  of  Manchester,  the  Vene Venerable  rable Venerable  the  Archdeacon  of  the  East  Riding  of  Yorkshire  (brother  of  the  Bishop  of  Oxford),  the  Venerable  the  Arch Archdeacon  deacon Archdeacon  of  Manchester,  the  Rev.  Canon  Clifton,  Mr.  William  Entwisle,  (Rusholme-house,  Rusholme,)  the  Rev.  G.  H.  G.  Anson,  Mr.  Marsden,  (St.  James's-square,  Manchester,)  Mr.  W:  P.  Roberts,  (solicitor,)  the  Rev.  W.  Boardman,  (chap (chaplain  lain (chaplain  to  the  Infirmary,)  the  Rev.  W.  Huntington,  Mr.  Wm.  Slater,  (Broughton,)  Mr.  W.  C.  Brooks,  Mr.  J.  C.  Herter,  (Broughton  New  Hall,)  Mr.  Deflinne,  Mr.  Neil  Macnish,  Mr.  John  Peel,  Mr.  R.  Gladstone,  'Mr.  John  Sharpe,  Mr  John  M'Clure,  Mr.  Alderman  Neild,  Mr.  Fernley,  Mr.  Hoyle,  the  Rev.  R.  Greswell,  the  Revs.  J.  Hayes,  E  Buckley  ;  Dr.  Kearns,  Hugh  Stowell,  T.  Bently,  N  Pocklington,  L.  Smith,  C.  Rickson,  R.  Fletcher,  Thoma:  Corser,  N.  Milne,  H.  M.  Birch,  Robson,  Booker,  Aiche;,  Darnford,  B.  Crompton,  James  Whittaker,  JOhn  Booth,  Slade,  Messrs.  Swallow,  Albert  Mcgson,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  This  new  church  is  one  •  in  the  construction  of  which  a  successful  attempt  has  - STYLE=superscript  been  made  to  give  a  correct  ecclesias ecclesiastical  tical ecclesiastical  form,  with  substantial  construction  and  genuine,  mate matetcrial,  tcrial, matetcrial,  with  the  smallest  possible  quantity  of  architectural  ornaments,  such  as  those  usually  produced  by  plaster.  The  building  is  in  the  style  which  may  be  called  the  transition,  between  the  early  English  and  the  early  decorated.  The  church  consists  of  a  nave,  with  north  and  south  aisles,  each  under  high  pitched  roofs,  and  a  well-developed  chancel.  A  substantial  tower  and  sinre  . STYLE=superscript  are  erected  at  the  N.  W.  angle.  There  are  a  thousand  sittings,  the  seats  are  without  doors,  and  those  in  the  nave  are  free.  The  structure  cost.  about  £5,000,  of  which,  until  yesterday  morning,  £1,200  had  to  be  'paid,  and  for  the  payMent  of  ;vhich  thatev.l.  Greswell  made  himself  solely  responsible.  After  the  sermon  yester yesterday,  day, yesterday,  however,  a  collection  *as  made  which  amounted  to  the'  handsome  sum  of  £427.  The  architect  of  the  building  is  Mr.  Scott,  of  Spring-gardens,  London.  The  church  is  sur surrounded  rounded surrounded  by  a  burial-ground,  in  refeience  to  which  Mr.  Gres Greswell  well Greswell  has  'aken  great  pains.  and  upon  which  he  has  expended,  we  believe,  upwards  of  £lOO.  The  ordinary  consecration  services  having  been  gone  through,  in  which  the  Bishop  ,  of  Manchester,  the  Bishop  of  Oxford,  and  the  Rev.  T.  N.  Farthing,  the  incumbent  of  the  new  church,  took  part,  a  sermon  was  preached  by  the  Right  Rev.  Prelate  from  the  diocese  of  Oxford,  from  the  text,  Acts  xviii.  and  For  I  have  much  people  in  this  At  the  conclusion  of  the  services  in  the  church,  a  cold  tiOntoolCPlacein  the  adjoining  schools,  provided  • STYLE=superscript  by  M  Johnson,  of  the  .Albion  •  Hotel,  Piccadilly,  Mancheste  We  omitted  to  state  in  an  earlier  portion  of  this  accoun  that,  during  the  services  in  the  church,  a  great  number  ladies  were  present.  COLLECTION  OF  THE.  REVENUE.—From  a  Parlia Parliamentary  mentary Parliamentary  paper  recently  Issued  it  appears  that  in  the  year  ending  the  sth  January  last,  the  charges  of  collection  on  the  revenue  amounted  'to  £2,638,733.  MEETING  OF  THE  MASTER  H  Alu-D  RESSERS.—A  meeting  of  the  master  hair-dressers,  was  announced  for  yesterday  evening,  at  seven  o'clock,  in  the  Clarendon  Rooms,  South  John-street.  .At  eight  o'clock,  about  half  the  trade  had  assembled,  and  much  desultory  conversation  took  place.  The  general  feeling  seemed  to  be  that  it  would  be  very  difficult  to  comply  with  the  request  of  the  assistants  to  close  at  seven  o'clock,  but  an  exceedingly  .  kind  and  liberal  feeling  was  shown  by  the  masters,  and  a  wish  to  give  the  assistants'  memorial,  which  they  stated  was  most  respect respectful,  ful, respectful,  a  careful  consideration.  Mr.  Astler,  of  Bold-street,  said  that  he  had  taken  upon  himself  to  summon  this  meeting,  because  he  thought  such  a  measure  just.  Several  masters  said  the  assistants  were  better  off  as  to  hours  than  drapers''  shopmen,  who,  though  they  nominally  closed  at  seven,  did  not  get  away  . STYLE=superscript  for  an  hour  and  a  half  afterwards.  One  gentleman  obseived  that  he  thought  most  of  the  assis assistants  tants assistants  were  young  men  disposed  to  improve  themselves,  and  that  they  ought  to  have  the  privilege  of  attending  the  Mechanics'  Institute,  and  all  useful  public  lectures.  They  were  brought  into  contact  in  giving  tneir  services  with  the  highest  classes  of  society,  and  the  more  intelligent  and  cultivated  they  lecome,  the  better  for  their.  employers.  It  was  mentioned  that  one  ore  two  houses  would  not  close  at  the  hour  named,  whatever  resolution  that  meeting  came  to.  Our  reporter  waited  until  half-past  eight  o'clock,  when  nothing  definite  having  been  concluded  upon,  he  left."
