text
"balto,  br  fturtfon.  BY  ORDER  OF  THE  MORTGAGEES.  Freehold  Property,  in  Tatlock-street  and  Raymond•street,  LiverbOol.  :VR.  BRANCH  will  SELL  by  AUCTION  .I  ('inless.previonsly  disposed  of  by  private  contract),  at  the  Clarendon-rooms,  South  John-street,  Liverpool,  on  Friday,  the  4th  day  of  January,  1&amp;56,  at  Two  o'clock  in  the  afternoon,  (subject  to  such  conditions  of  rile  as  shall  then  be  produced),  A  PIECE  of  LAND  on  the  south  side  of  Tatlock-street;  extend extending  ing extending  through  to  the  north  side  of  Raymond-street,  and  measuring  la  front  to  Tatlock.street  and  Raymond-street,  respectively,  42  feet;  and  in  depth  on  the  east  and  west  sides  respectively,  89  feet  3  inches.  Together  with  the  Thirteen  MESSUAGES  or  DWELLING  HOUSES  thereon  erected,  two  of  which  front  Tatlock-street,  three  front  Raymond-street,  and  the  remaining  eight  form  a  court  leading  out  of  Tatlock-street,  being  No.  12  court,  in  the  said  street,  or  more  commonly  known  by  the  name  of  St.  Petei's-terrace.  Gross  yearly  rental  of  the  whole  .e  143.  Tenure  Freehold  of  Inherit:.  nee.  For  further  particu'ars  apply  to  Mr.  J.  B.  LLOYD.  Solicitor,  Excharge-alley  ;  or  Mr.  HENRY  JENKINS,  Jour.,  So:icltor,  44A,  Castle-street,  Liverpool.  LE  T  T  S'S  D  I  FOR  1856,  W.  B.  JONES  &amp;  CO,  20,  ,S  0  UTE  CASTLE-STREET.  ARIES  CPI  B  BLING  DIARIES  Fox  1856  W.  B.  JOIN  017Ttr  CA  LE-S  1  ICEET  el  0  P  R  F.  k  AND  SIIND  SSES  USE  IN  EVERY  VARIETY,  S  &amp;  (  20  ,  SOUTH  CASTLE-OTRBET  Wrought  Beam  Copyin,g  presses  for  Exportation  BONNETS!  ONE  PENNY  EACH  THE  STOCK  OF  MR.  EDWARD  SPINS,  THOMAS  ROGERS  Begs  to  announce  that  he  has  purchase  I  for  - STYLE=superscript  Club,  the  entire  Stock  of  BONNETS,  of  Mr.  EDWARD  SPINE,  116,  St.  James's-street,  at  a  treat  Sacrlfice,  and  will  offer  the  same  for  Sale,  ON  FRIDAY  NEXT,  AND  FOLLOWING  DAYS,  At  such  Prices  as  must  command  an  immediate  clearance.  THE  STOCK  CONSISTS  OF  s.  a.  1000  Plain  and  Fa-cy  Ponne  s  .,  0  1  each.  .  700  Cotton  Velvets  and  St,  aw,  do.  500  Plush.  do.  .  .....  650  Rice,  Plain  and  Fancy,  21a.  550  Do.  do.  do.  460  Silk  and  Tuscans,  d  0.....  340  Silk  Velvet,  and  do.  •  do.  200  Rice,  Pain  and  Fancy  Straw,  trimmed  1  6  do.  400  Childrens'  Eats  and  Bonnets,  various  prices.  500  Rich  Silk  Velvets.  Drawn  Silk,  Tuscany,  Luton,  Crape  and  Mourning  Bonnets,  varying  from  is  0,1  to  4s  6d.  T.  R.  begs  to  call  theattention  of  his  Friends  and  the  Public  to  his  '  GENERAL  DRAPERY  STOCK,  As  the  same  has  undergone  a  considerable  Reduction,  previous  to  commencing  the  Extensive  Alteration•.  onsKitvz  THE  ADDRESS— ADDRESSTHOMA  THOMA ADDRESSTHOMA  S  ROGERS,,  No.  12,  ST.  JAMES;-PLACE,  (9prosura  ST.  JA.3IES'  Cnoaca.)  1  - STYLE=superscript  4  IVERPOOL  MECHANICS'  INSTITUTION,  AND  GOVERNMENT  SCHOOL  OF  ART,  MOUNT  STREET.  The  Institution  comprises  DAY  SCHOOLS,  For  th,  Education  of  the  Sons  and  Daughters  both;  of  the  wealthier,  and  of  the  middle  and  humbler  classes  of  society;  an  Evening  School;  a  Library,  containing  upwards  of  10,000  vo  l  s;  a  Reading  room,  supplied  with  the  leading  newspapers,  magazines,  and  other  periodicals  of  the  day;  a  Museum  of  objects  of  natural  history,  antiquities,  &amp;c.  ;  a  Gallery  of  Sculptures,  containing  nearly  400  specimens  of  the  best  works  of  ancient  and  modern  art,  and  oilier  facilities  for  the  advancement  of  learning.  THE  HIGH  SCHOOL,  Principal—Mr.  al  cllveen,  who  is  assisted  by  a  number  of  efficient  Masters.  This  School  is  desi  gne  d  t  o  p  repare  Young  Gentlemen  for  enter 'entering,tbe'  Universities,  the  Naval  and  Military  Colleges,  the  learned  Professions,  for  appointmentsin  the  Civil  Service,  and  for  Com Commercialsursuits.  mercialsursuits. Commercialsursuits.  Pupils  are  received  at  the  age  of  six  years  and  upwards.  Terms—inclusive  of  Classics,  Mathematics,  Mo  'ern  Languages,  Drawing,  Chemistry,  Natural  Philosophy,  and  Vocal  Music,  and  also  of  Stationery--from  six  to  twelve  guineas  per  annum,  according  to  the  pupil's  proficiency.  B  toeing,  10s.  ft  1  per  quarter  extra.  Every  pupil  must  be  a  member,  or  the  son  or  bro  Vier  of  a  mem.  •,*,-  Institution—that  is,  a  subscriber  of  21e.  per  annum.  per  of  '1  he  Fees  are  payable  quarterly  in  advance  N.B.—The  Pri  n  c  p  a  l  rece  i  ves  I  his  House,  No.  g,  Sandon  Terrace.  THE  LOWER  SCHOOL,  Mcllveen,  who  is  assisted  by  a  numerous  staff  of  qualified  Masters.  This  Fchcol  is  designed  to  provide  a  first-class  Business  education.  Pupils  are  I  eceived  at  six  years  i  1'  age  and  upwards.  Tertns—inclusive  of  Book-keeping,  Mathematics,  Chemistry,  Natural  Phl:osophy,  Drawing,  Foci!  Music;  and  also  of  peas,  ink,  copy-hocks,  and  use  of  sates,  books,  &amp;c.—Sons  of  members  of  the  Institution,  15s.  or  18s.  6.1.  per  quarter,  according  to  class;  sons  of  non-members,  17s.  61.  or  21s.  per  quarter.  French,  German,  and  Dancing  Classes  are  open  to  pupils  wishing  to  enter  them,  at  extra  Fees  of  7s  61.  per  quarter  each.  Provision  is  made  to  enable  pupils  desiring  to  qualify  themselves  for  p  .rticular  Employments,  to  depart  from  the  ordinary  Scholl  Course,  and  app'y  themselves  wholly  to  the  studies  likeliest  to  adv.  nce  their  object.  A  Record  of  the  conduct  and  progress  of  the  Pupilsais  careful  y  kept.  and  a  Summary  if  it  is  regularly  trans transmitten  mitten transmitten  to  view  parents  and  menus.  THE  GIRLS'  SCHOOL,  —Miss  is  assisted  by  Resident  Teachers,  be!  of  Study  embra  Princir  al—M,  Principal  limited  number  of  Boarders  into  The  C  'e,dleworlr,  Vocal  ides  Visiting  MaA  ter's  Natural  Pb  Dancing  ye  rs  of  a  isit,  Writing,  Arithmetic  Instrumental  Music,  the  Elements•  of  Chemi-try,  Drhwing,  French,  German  2,  1858,  BIRKENHEAD  COMMISSIONERS.  •  The  usual  monthly  meet  i  ng  of  this  board  of  commissioners  was  held  at  the  public  offices,  Ilamilton-square,  resterday  morning,  at  half-past  nine  o'clock.  The  chairnian,  Mr.  Laird,  presided.  The  other  commissioners  present  were,  Messrs.  Keightley,  Wittingham,  Bradley,  Bell,  Colborne,  •  McDonald,  Tyler,  Bryans,  Willou  and  M'Whirtie.  ghby,  Horublower,  Harrison,  The  clerk  read  the  minutes  of  the  last  meeting,  which  were  confirmed.  THE  LIGHTING  AND  WATCHING  COMMITTEE.  The  proceedings  of  this  committee  were  lead  and  confirmed  :  they,  in  consequence  of  the  remarks  made  by  the  coroner  at  an  inquest  held  on  the  body  of  a  man  found  in  the  quay,  recommended  that  some  place  ahould  bo  found  for  a  dead  house.  THE  MARKET  COMMITTEE.'  The  proceedings  of  this  committee  were  confirmed  without  any  comment.  THE  HEALTH  COMMITTEE.  The  proceedings  of  this  committee  were  also  confirmed  without  comment.  THE  BOARD  AND  IMPROVEMENT  COMMITTER.  This  committee,  in  complia  nce  w  ith  a  request  f  rom  Mr.  Laird,  recommended  that  that  gentleman  be  permitted  to  mal  )  yard  to-  t}  a  tunnel  from  I  be  called  Wll  28th  of  Dec  ay,  under  the  t  to  0  rely  of  amittee  had  vitti  Liverpoo  regard  to  the  amalgamation  of  Birkenheau  The  bond-holders  had  refused  to  agree  to  the  terms  otiereu,  and  that  decision  having  been  communicated  to  .the  Liverpool  town  council,  a  letter  had  been  [received  from  the  town-clerk,  announcing  that  the  bill  would  be  withdrawn  !  THE  FERRY  COMMITTEE.  The  proceedings  of  this  committee  wore  confirmed.  The  usual  accounts  had  not  been  made  up.  The  meeting  then  separated.  While  Lcndon  was  agitated  by  the  news  that  a  plot  had  been  discovered,  George  Fox,  the  founder  of  the  sect  of  Quakers  died.  More  than  forty  years  had  elapsed  since  Fox  had  begun  to  see  visions  and  to  cast  out  devils,  He  was  then  a  youth  of  pure  morals  and  grave  deportment,  with  a  perverse  temper,  with  the  education  of  a  labouring  man,  and  with  an  intellect  in  the  most  unhappy  of  all  states,  that  is  to  say,  too  much  disordered  for  liberty,  and  not  sufficiently  disordered  for  Bedlam.  The  circum circumstances  stances circumstances  in  which  he  was  placed  were  such  as  could  scarcely  fail  to  hring  out  in  the  strongest  form  the  constitutional  diseases  of  his  mind.  At  the  time  when  his  faculties  were  ripening,  episcopalians,  presbyte presbyterians,  rians, presbyterians,  independ  en  t  s  ,  baptists,  were  striving  for  mastery,  and  were,  in  every  c  orner  o  f  th  e  realm,  refuting  and  reviling  each  other.  He  wandered  from  congregation  to  congregation.  He  heard  Priests  harangue  against  Puritans  ;  he  heard  Puritans  harangue  against  Priests  ;  and  he  in  vain  applied  for  spiritual  direction  and  consolation  to  doctors  of  both  parties.  One  jolly  old  clergyman  of  the  Anglican  communion  told  him  to  smoke  tobacco  and  sing  psalms  ;  another  advised  him  to  go  and  lose  some  blond.  The  young  inquirer  turned  •in  disgust  from  these  advisers  to  the  dissenters,  and  found  them  also  blind  guides.  After  some  time  he  came  to  the  conclusion  that  no  human  being  was  competent  to  instruct  him  in  divine  thin  gs  ,  and  that  the  truth  had  been  communicated  to  him  by-  direct  inspiration  from  Heaven.  He  argued  that,  as  the  division  of  languages  began  at  Babel,  and  as  the  persecutors  of  Christ  put  on  the  cross  an  inscription  in  Latin,  Greek,  and  Hebrew,  the  knowledge  of  languages,  a  n  d  more  espec  i  a  ll  y  of  Latin,'  Greek,  and  Hebrew,  must  be  useless  to  a  Christian  minister.  Indeed,  he  was  so  far  from  knowing  many  languam  °  ea,  that•  he  knew  none;  nor  can  the  mo  s  t  corru  pt  passage  in  Hebrew  be  more  unintelligible  to  .  the  unlearnecl,  than  his.  English  often  is  to  the  most  acute  and  attentive  reader.  One  of  the  precious  troths  which  were  divinely  revealed  to  this  new  apostle  was,  that  it  was  falsehood,and  adulation  to  use  the  second  person  plural  instead  of  the  second  person  singular.  Another  was,  that  to  talk  of  the  month  of  Marcia  was  tc  worship  the  bloodthirsty  god  Mars,  and  ,that  to  talk  c  Mori'  was  to  pay  idolatrous  hon  Ese  to  the  moon.  To  say  s  highly  reprehensible.  good  ,  morning,  or.  V  prted  tha  days  and  bad  nights!  A  - STYLE=superscript  Chrfslian  was  bound  to  face  death  itself  rather  than  touch  his  hat  to  the  greate,st  of  mankind.  When  Fox  was  challenged  to  prodwie  any  Scriptural  authority  for  his  dogma,  lie  cited  the  passage  in  which  it  is  written  that  Shadracb,  Meshed,  and  Abednego  were  throivu  into  the  fiery  furnace  with  their  hats  on  ;  and,  if  his  own  narrative  may  be  trusted,  the  Chief  Justice  of  England  was  altogether  unable  to  answer  this  argument,  evept  by  crying  out,  Take  him  away,  Fox  insisted  much  on  the  not  less  weighty  argument  that  the  Turks  never  show  their  bare  heads  to  their  superiors  ;  and  he  asked,  with  great  aniina aniination,  tion, aniination,  whether  those  who  bore  the  noble  name  of  Christians  ought  not  to  surpass  Turks  in  virtue,  13.1  wing  he  strictly  prohibited,  and,  indeed,  seemed  to  consider  it  as  the  effect  of  Satanical  influence.,  for,  as  he  observed,  the  woman  in  n  of  all  t  LIVERPOOL  MARINE  SOCIETY.  41  , STYLE=superscript  The  annual  meeting  o  f  this  society  was  held  yesterday  at  the  was  held  yesterday  at  the  Clarendon  7  roonis,  South  John-street,  street.  Mr.  William  Potter,  the  president  of  the  association,  took  the  chair.  The  secretary,  Mr.  &amp;mud  Moss,  read  the  'atement  of  the  accounts  for  the  past  year,  from  which  it  tat  the  following  was  the  state  of  the  funds  on  the  peared_t  19th  De  ember;  1855  RAL  STATEMENT.  CR.  s.  d.  Honorary  Fund  13,719  19  0  National  'Debt  Relief  Fund  B4  6  7  C  omm  i  ssioners..  13,145  3  9  Deposits  l2  14  6  Royal  Dank  Arrears  to  Annuitants  34  1)  0  Arrears  of  Members  T.  easurol  e  13,851  10  1  Annuity  Fund  ..  378  15  6  217  10  0  79  3  4  30  18  1  413,851  10  Mr.  Aiken  Was  then  elected  a  trustee  in  consequence  of  the  death  of  Mr.  Thomas  Brook.  The  Chairman  then  moved  that  the  scale  for  annuitants  be  the  same  as  last  year,  after  giving  the  average  age  of  the  present  annuitants  and  the  annuities  paid  during  the  past  year,  which  were  as  follows  :  rage  Age  of  Annuitants  last  Annuities  paid  during  tne  year  Birthdan•  ending  Dec.mber  31st,  1855.  02  years  Captains  tio  vr  60  years  of  age,f/  .el  4  „  £l3  £ll  3  3  Captains  27  Widows  officers  of  the  sc  Led,  the  Presid  3THEIt  F.  :ieLy  were  r  9.  under  ans,  eac  and  the  meeting  he  hoped  future  mien  would  be  better  of  M  —We  learn  from  AI:  _ne  tha  .nes  Uheetha  m  h  as  l  e  d  to  t  h STYLE=superscript  he  este STYLE=superscript  su  r STYLE=superscript  spen spent  t spent STYLE=superscript  ~an  leturing  firm—that  of  Messrs.  Newton  r  ;kport.  Their  liabilities  are  stated  and  tssets•  i  the  larger  po  r  ti  on  of  wh  i  ch  AO  -  re  valued  at  £ll,BOO.  MORE  BAER  .—At  the,PoliCe-court,  on  Monday,  upwards  of  twelve  persons  were  brought  up,  Charged  with,  attempting  to  pass  base  five-shilling  and  half-crown  pieces.,  Some  were  sent  for  trial,  and  others  sentenced  to  various  terms  of  imprisonment.  The  quantity  of  these  coins  in..  circulation  is  enormous,  and  the  public  will  do  well  to  be  on  their  guard.  sion  of  anott  and  Scattergood  ,  of  'toc  at  £2l  sts  of  machinery,  at  ^.  COIN  -  IRA  MBIVIBERS  FOR  MANCIIESTER.—A  preliminary  meeting  was  held  at  Newall's-buildings,  Manchester,  on  Saturday  last,  which  was  numerously  attended,  It  was,  unanimously  resolved,  on  the  motion  of  Alexander  Henry,  Esq.,  seconded  by  Mr.  Alderman  Harvey,  that  the  members,  the  Right  Hon.  T.  Milner  Gibson,  and  John  Bright,  Esq._  be  invited  to  a  soiree,  at  the  Corn  Exchange,  before  llment.  Other  roolutions,  appointing  an.  aittee  to  carry  out  the  arrangements,  and  .  Wilson  Esq.,  to  preside  as  chairman)  meOtinz  of  iCCIDFINT  TO  THE  UNITED  STATES  MA.In.  dTEAMER  •  ArrANTlC.—Considerable  sensation  prevailed  . STYLE=superscript  through  town  on  Monday,  in  consequence  of  a  report  that  was  current  respecting  the  Atlantic  steamer,  which  sailed  from  this  port  on  Saturday,  for  New  York,  with  the  mails,  &amp;c.  This  report  originated  in  consequence  of  the  following  telegraphio  message  received  at  the  under underwriters  writers underwriters  Cork,  Dec.  31 STYLE=superscript  ,  1 STYLE=superscript  855—Coming  in,United  States  , STYLE=superscript  mail  steamer—two  masts,  no  head,  black  funnel  and  red  top,  supposed  to  be  the  Atlantic,  from  Liverpool  to  New  Up  to  a  lat  e  h  our  i  n  the  evening,  the  anxiety  in  reference  to  the  vessel  was  considerable,  but  a  teleorap)ic  communication  had  the  'eff  ec  t  o  f  a  ll  ay  i  ng  all'  fears.  On  the  receipt  :of  which  intelligence,  public  anxiety  was  set  at  rest.  THE  MANCRESTER  STrtiKE.—The  strike  of  spinners  and  piecers  at  Manchester  continues,  but  at  one  of  the  mills  sir  operatives  resumed  work  on  Thursday,  and  three  more  on  Friday.  This  was  at  the  mill  of,  Mr.  J:  Clarke,  in  Helena Helenastreet,  street, Helenastreet,  and  the  consequence  was  that  great  excitement  prevailed  on  Friday  among  the  turnouts,  and  on  that  day  at  noon  one  of  the  was  followed  from  the  mill  to  his  house,  and  assailed  with  throats  and  abuse.  In  re returning  turning returning  from  his  dinner  stones  were  thrown  at  him.  On  Saturday,  Thomas  Limerick,  a  spinner,  was  brought  here  the  magistrates,  charged  With  having  taken  a  leading  part  in  this  intimidation  and  violence.  A  spinner  named  William  Gutteridge  stated  that  he  was  working  tit  Mr.  Clarke's  mill,  and  left  it  at  one  o'clock  to  go  home  to  dinner,  - STYLE=superscript  .  Ife  was  followed  by  the  prisoner  Limerick  and  'others,  who  asked  him  if  he  meantto  leave  his  work  and  join  the  strike  f  I  he  did  n  .eu  him,  and  chased  , STYLE=superscript  ranson-street.  The  dow,  threatening  bina  s  r  before  two  o'cloch  to  work,  and  stoned  'n  the  prisoner  two  , STYLE=superscript  min  his  indenti  ty  .  ThO  .Cra  threatened  him  with  k STYLE=superscript  vengeance,  if  it  were  seven  ,ars  before  it  could  be  taken.  Outteridge's  wife  carrot*.  rated  his  statement,  and  spoke  to.  Limerick's  identity,  and  said  Limerick  told  her  it  her  husband  came  out  of  his  housa  to  return  to  work,  they  would  kill  him.  For  the  defence  , STYLE=superscript  three  witnesses  were  called  to  prove  an  alibi.  Mr,  Maude„  the•maiistrate,  after  hearing  the  evidence,  said  the  defence  had  proved  too  much;  they  had  proved  that  the  prisoue;  was  in  two  places  at  once.  The  bench  had  no  doubt  of  tbfr  -- STYLE=superscript  Id  not  permit  gross_  intimidation  an  d  v  i  o  l  enc  e  e  operatives  h  a  d  a  right  to  turn  out  :and  get  et  give  to  other%  Um  to  Dr  of  h  prisoner  remained  under  his  front  wir  ,—__  •  tone  to  g  tpiO  e.  thrown  at  him.  se.  had  kr  re,  and  could  not  I  facts,  and  c.)l  6&#34;'  II  U.  Albert  CUlua,  they  n  ,ed  for  then  to  one  calendar  month's  imprisonc  It  is  said  that  th  e  f  u  nd  s  collectett  week  afforded  a  dividend  of  only  pers,"
