text
"IASJERN  WAR.  „ater  news  from  the  Danube,  or  from  Asia  . STYLE=superscript  c'ost's  Paris  correspondent  states  that  the  :ews  from  Russia  is  to  the  effect  that  the  `ror  has  in  a  non-official  communication  to  'ottrts  of  Berlin  and  Vienna,  stated  his  ation  not  to  agree  to  any  proposals  for  '  negotiations,  unless  considerable  con cone  e cone  were  made  to  Russia.  Times  says,  in  a  leading  article,  that  it  can can•  • can•  eed  the  fact  that  the  real  obstacles  to  any  bh  'al  r  esult  from  the  propositions  lately  l STYLE=superscript  e  d  to  the  Porte,  lie  with  Russia,  and  are  4 STYLE=superscript  4,,e1y  to  be  removed  The  progress  of  the  re  vast  el;tent  of  hostilities  or  hostile  pre pre:ba  :ba pre:ba  now  in  active  progress,  and  the  passions,  118 STYLE=superscript  and  national,  excited  by  the  contest,  y  e::clude  the  idea  of  an  armistice,  and  Ildered  negotiations  far  less  practicable  than  been  at  any  previous  moment.  If  the  i  e STYLE=superscript  ror  of  Russia  had  desired  peace  he  has  had  e STYLE=superscript  facilities  to  insure  it,  but  every  day  brings  L  'esh  evidence  that  he  has  availed  himself  ,  v STYLE=superscript  ,.  r STYLE=superscript  e▪  texts  chiefly  to  keep  in  check  his  most  4 STYLE=superscript  able  opponents,  to  curry  on  his  own  .°f  operation,  and  to  bring  the  whole  .t STYLE=superscript  I STYLE=superscript  °n.  in  the  spring  to  a  more  positive  issue.  The  „  Government  has  published,  in  the  official  q)undence,  prepared  at  Vienna,  under  the  iti  °f  the  minister,  a  mean  and  drivelling  article,  appearance  by  the  Russian  embassy.  The  let  expressly  denies  that  ”it  has  assumed  a  ~  riendly  or  menacing  attitude  towards  Russiae,  ti'leclares  that.  she  has  not  in  the  least  re ree,ed  e,ed ree,ed STYLE=superscript  her  friendly  sentiments  towards  her  allied  ;°ohr,  and  will  not  have  to  renounce  them  in  4d  e STYLE=superscript  The  article  adds,  that  the  intimate  .h,`,  811 STYLE=superscript  -iP  between  these  two  great  monarchs  is  the  `j  guarantee  for  the  peace  of  the  world,  and  for  Itiservative  interests  of  The  Times  •la  lll STYLE=superscript  t STYLE=superscript  hat  the  appearance  of  this  declaration  at  i  - STYLE=superscript  a  at  such  a  momentis  an  evident  proof  that  ,b7dependent  portion  of  the  Austrian  Cabinet  is  te  to  hold  its  ground,  and  that  a  degree  of  sb!l.lre  has  been  applied  which  the  enfeebled  Pre  cannot  resist.  The  ink  is  scarcely  dry  e  protocol  of  December  5,  when  the  cabinet  of  t STYLE=superscript  ria  are  ready  to  repudiate  its  spirit,  and  to  ,  the  influence  it  might  have  exercised  on  '  l  ,  l STYLE=superscript  q-  With  respect  to  Russian  intrigues  in  the  kt.  the  Times  learns  from  good  authority,  that  f STYLE=superscript  loe  has  been  made  in  Sweden,  by  a  E  n STYLE=superscript  try  from  St.  Petersburg,  to  engage  that  E,  q STYLE=superscript  ,,try  in  this  contest,  with  a  view  to  closing  the  dish  ports,  and  eventually  the  Baltic  itself,  last  -English  and  French  vessels.  The  main mainace  ace mainace  of  neutrality  and  independence  is  of  vital  r STYLE=superscript  est,  for  Sweden  and  Denmark  , STYLE=superscript  and  it  is  'e  hoped  that  the  King  of  Sweden  h  not  betray  his  country's  independence  `‘uasian  counsels.  As  regards  Russian  policy  East,  the  Times  refers  to  the  intrigues  it°Uslreh  y  directed  against  the  interests  of  the  Empire  are  demonstrated  by  the  Persian  '  a STYLE=superscript  'atio„  of  war  against  Turkey.  The  movement  e  ghttiaistan,  and  the  expedition  to  Khiva..  article  concludes  by  stating  that  that  we  .e  these  facts  in  the  scale  and  weigh  them  net  the  Russian  assurances  that  the  Emperor  r STYLE=superscript  eady  and  willing  to  treat  for  peace  :  all  such  'Orations  will  stand  for  very  little,  and  we  et  look  to  other  modes  of  arriving  at  the  illation  of  this  dispute.  The  course  to  Atirsued  by  the  Maritime  Powers  is  now  1  1 STYLE=superscript  .  :  and  straitforward,  and  instruct  ions STYLE=superscript  are  on  7r  way  to  Constantinople  which  wi  ll STYLE=superscript  c STYLE=superscript  ause  the  fled  measures  now  agreed  upon,  to  be  carried  immediate  effect.  •  RBIs  TUEsnAv.—Funds  better.  Three's  closed  '  Four-and-a-half  per  cents,  101.50.  The  rise  in  wheat  in  the  various  French  corn  tets  appears  to  be  again  stopped,  and  a  anal  decline  in  prices  is  observable.  41 STYLE=superscript  ted  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLMER,  of  21 STYLE=superscript  ,  Lford  Street,  at  his  General  Printing  and  Stationery  ‘4lshment,  19,  South  John  Street,  Liverpool.  '  WEDNESDAY,  DECEMBER  28,  1863."
