text
"objection  on  principle  to  the  conduct  of  affairs  could  have  induced  Lord  Palmerston  to  resign  the  seals  of  office  at  a  time  when,  if  ever,  the  states statesmen  men statesmen  of  England  should  give  voice  and  action  to  the  prescriptions  of  public  opinion,  and  by  main maintaining  taining maintaining  the  obligations  of  international  good  faith,  should  be  as  one  man  in  the  determination  to  arrest  the  dangers  which  menace  the  peace  of  Europe.  Unfortunately  it  has  been  at  this  time  that  Lord  Palmerston  has  found  it  necessary  to  resign,  in  order  not  to  be  accessory  to  a  mischief  which  his  sagacity  showed  to  be  inseparable  from  the  designs  in  which  his  colleagues  persisted,  The  question  between  Lord  Palmerston,  his  late  colleagues,  and  the  country,  is  one  which  can  only  be  fully  and  fairly  judged  on  that  statement  which  will,  at  no  distant  date,  be  before  the  only  authority  competent  to  the  task—the  con constitutional  stitutional constitutional  tribunal  of  parliament.  The  Chronicle  repeats  that  Lord  Palmerston  retires  on  the  question  of  reform.  The  Herald  says  Lord  Palmerston  has  left  London  for  Bowond,  the  seat  of  Lcrd  Lansdown,  and  that  it  is  whispered  at  the  West-end,  that  the  noble  Marquis  will  immediately  resign  his  seat  in  the  cabinet,  if  he  has  not  done  so  already.  It  is  announced  that  Lord  John  Russell  will  be  Home  Secretary  A  messenger  has  been  despatched  to  Scotland,  to  summon  Lord  Panmure  to  London  in  order  it  is  said,  to  as ascertain  certain ascertain  the  feelings  of  the  Whigs,  whether  they  are  willing  to  support  Lord  John's  new  Reform  Bill.  It  is  understood  that  the  principle  of  the  new  bill  contemplates  the  disfranchise disfranchisement  ment disfranchisement  of  all  boroughs  of  under  500  voters,  and  transferring  the  seats  to  manufacturing  towns  and  counties.  The  Herald  has  also  a  letter  letter  to  prove  that  the  statement  that  Lord  Pal Palmerston  merston Palmerston  withdraws  owing  to  the  reform  bill  is  false,  and  that  foreign  politics  were  the  real  cause.  The  Daily  Times  mentions  the  contemplated  retire retirement  ment retirement  of  Lord  Lansdowne,  and  says  the  eastern  question  will  certainly  be  considered  the  cause  of  Lord  Palmerston's  resignation.  PART.,  FRIDAY.—The  four-and-a-half  ?per  cents.  closed  101  f  10c.  The  three  per  cents  74f  85c.  VIENNA,  FRIDAY  EVENING.—The  Turkish  embassy  has  received  advices  warranting  the  conclusion  that  the  combined  fleets  have  entered  the  Black  Sea  to  present  further  hostilities.  SEMLIN,  DEC.  11TH.—Official  advices  state  that  the  Russians  attacked  the  Turkish  entrenchments  at  Kalafat.  The  Vienna  paper  Austrian  Correspondent,  in  a  private  despatch,  Persia  has  declared  war  against  The  Hebe,  an  English  merchant  ship,  had  been  fired  into  by  the  Russians,  and  then  boarded  near  Trebizond.  The  Russians  are  said  to  have  lost  two  of  their  largest  vessels  at  Sinope.  The  town  was  totally  destroyed."
