text
"iety's  rooms  broker  appeared,  and  said  the  pro prod  d prod  been  pawned  by  prisoner's  wife.  The  magistrates  ed  that  it  was  a  strange  thing  that  any  broker  would  tako  into  his  house  property  of  this  description.  The  broker  said  he  had  objected  to  take  the  property,  though  it  had  been  with  him  before,  without  a  written  authority,  boa  bin,  The  pawn-  handed  to  the  Court.  The  magistrates  said  this  was  an  authority  from  the  husband  to  the  wife  to  pledge  the  articles,  and  was  no  propcm  authority  from  the  society,  and  th  e  broke'  might  easily  know  that  they  would  not  wish  to  have  their  things  pledged.  The  case  against  the  prisoner  having  been  fully  proved,  he  was  ordered  to  pay  £3,  value  of  the  articles,  20  shillings  for  illegally  pawning,  or  one  month's  imprisonment.  The  magistrates  also  ordered  that  the  cost  of  releasing  the  goods  should  be  divided  between  the  society  and  the  pawn-broker,  if  they  should  not  be  redeemed  by  the  prisoner.  UNPROVOKED  ASSAULT.—CLAIM  FOR  DAMAGES.—Mar DAMAGES.—Marry  ry DAMAGES.—Marry  Sutton  was  charged  by'  Sarah  Lee,  a  wash-woman,  th  dangerously  assaulting  her,  and  claiming  £3  for  da-  Lges.  It  appears  prosecutor  and  defendant  were  having  ass  of  alp  Together  in  a  public  house  in  Vauxhall-road,  when  the  defendant,  withouethe  least  provocation,  assaulted  prosecutor,  broke  her  arm,  and  gave  her  a  black  eye.  The  defendant  is  known  as  a  very  violent  woman  in  the  neigh neighbourhood.  bourhood. neighbourhood.  The  case  was  clearly  proved  against  her,  and  she  was  ordered  to  pay  £3  damages,  and  4s  Fuscous  DitrviNa.-:-  Thomas  Denton,  for  furious  driving,  was  fined  20s.  and  costs,  in  default  of  payment  to  be  im imprisoned  prisoned imprisoned  for  one  month,  and  to  be  reported  to  the  Watch  Committee  and  be  prevented  from  being  a  car  driver  in  BIRKENHEAD  Court  was  occupied  a  considerable  part  of  the  day  ;  ses  heard  were  of  no  great  public  importance.  t  to  the  House  of  Correc-  :hree  juvenile  offenders  were  sen  ion  for  21  days  each,  for  petty  lar(  enies  in  the  market  MANCHESTER  ( STYLE=superscript  NABOB  OF  TITTERING  BASE  COIN.-At  the  City  Police  t,  yesterday,  a  little  boy  named  _David  McLean,  who  ted  that  he  was  by  trade  a  shoemaker,  and  lived  with  his  father,  No.  1,  Peter-street,  was  brought  up  before  the  ma magistrates  gistrates magistrates  on  a  charge  of  having,  on  the  previous  night,  at attempted  tempted attempted  to  pass  a  base  shilling,  at  a  shop  where  he  called  for  a  pennyworth  of  bread.  The  boy  admitted  that  he  ten tendered  dered tendered  the  shilling,  and  in  explanation  stated  that  he  had  received  it  from  a  boy  to  whom  he  had  sold  a  cap.  A  police  constable  stated  that  the  boy's  father  gave  the  same  account  of  the  transaction.  Discharged.  SUSPICION  OP  STEALING  A  HORSE  CLOTH.-At  the  City  Police  Court,  yesterday,  two  women,  of  repulsive  appear appearance,  ance, appearance,  were  brought  before  the  magistrates  on  a  charge  of  being  suspected  of  having  stolen  a  horse-cloth,  which  was  found  in  their  possession  on  the  previous  day,  in  Shudehill  Myrket,  by  a  police  constable,  who  took  them  into  custody.  The  women  stated  they  found  the  cloth  at  Shudehill,  at  two  the  morniri  In  order  police  making  inquiries  - STYLE=superscript  on  the  subject,  the  prisoners  were  remanded  to  Saturday.  ASSAULT.—John  Morgan  was  fined  ss.  and  costs,  or  in  default  of  payment  ordered  to  be  imprisoned  six  days,  for  assaulting  a  female  in  Spear-street.  _  ASSAULT  —A  boy  named  Thomas  Hughes,  who  said  he  was  a  tailor,  was  charged  with  having  shortly  before  five  o'clock  on  the  previous  evening,  in  Garden-street,  assaulted  a  young  man  named  George  Williamson,  who  is  in  the  habit  of  selling  purses.  It  appeared  that  the  prosecutor  was  following  his  usual  avocation  in  Garden-street,  on  Wednesday,  when  the  prisoner  tried  to  snatch  some  purses  from  him.  He  resisted  and  prevented  him,  upon  which  the  prisoner  took  up  a  stone  and  threw  it  at  him,  from  the  effects  of  which  his  head  was  severely  injured.—Committed  to  hard  labour  for  one  month.  icioN  OF  FELONY.—An  elderly  female  was  placed  'lck  under  the  following  circumstances.  A  police  `ated  that  about  ten  o'clock  that  morning,  the  der  was  given  into  his  on  a  charge  of  h  av  i  ng  onered  for  sale,  a  silver  cream  -jug,  which  it  was  suspect  e  d  she  had  stolen.  It  appeared  that  the  prisoner STYLE=superscript  offered  the  jug,  the  sides  of  which  were  pressed  together,  for  sale  at  the  constable  st  pris  shop  of  Mr.  Louis  Beaver,  who,  sus]  had  been  stolen,  caused  her  to  be  to  the  police  office.  She  said  that  t  mother's  possession  for  twenty-thre  pecting  that  the  article  apprehended  and  taken  he  jug  had  been  in  her  .e  years,  but  she  could  give  no  satisfactory  account  of  herself.  A  person  who  stated  that  he  was  her  husband,  said  she  had  had  the  jug  in  question,  ever  since  they  were  married,  and  that  one  night  when  the  worse  for  liquor,  he  jumped  upon  it,  which  led  to  its  present  mis-shapen  appearance.  The  prisoner  was  discharged,  but  the  article  was  m  the  meantime  retained  by  the  police,  to  allow  time  for  inquiries  being  made  respecting  it  THE  NATIONAL  GALLERY.  -  Lord  Onslow  has  revoked  the  munificent  bequest  which  he  had  made  to  the  nation  of  his  fine  collection  of  pictures  by  the  old  masters.  We  are  informed  that  he  has  taken  this  step  in  consequence  of  the  very  unsatisfactory  nature  of  the  report  from  the  Select  Committee  on  the  National  Gallery.  WORDS  OF  That  miserable  These  were  the  dulcet  breathings  of  the  oaten  of  the  memher  for  Edinburgh  at  the  peace  gathering.  That  miserable  said  pacifie  Mr.  Cowan,  the  Duke  of  Well,  we  thought  peace  proffered  olives  ;  but  here  are  offerings  very  like  bad  eggs.—Punch.  Could  have  any  effect  on  the  of  Control  HOW  TO  MULL  PORTE.—AaIi  Laid  A  Lci'deen•—  Punch."
