text
"DIAN-OFFICE.  11.  FI  111  FIE  PRESTON  been  established  H  LANCASHIRE.  CHRONICI  pwal,  has  a  large  circulation  among  all  classes  in  the  to.  of  Freston,  Blsokburn,  Dlrwen,  Clitheroe,  Accrington,  Padiham,  Flaslingden,  Fleetwood,  )(fathom,  Poulton,  Blackpool,  Lytham,  Gaistang,  tancaster,  Chor Chorley,  ley, Chorley,  V.  gan,  Ormskirk,  Southport,  &amp;c.  &amp;c.,  as  well  as  among  the  agricultural  population  of  the  Fylde  and  West  Lancashire  and  the  magistracy  and  gentry  of  the  entire  county,  especially  among  those  of  the  northern  division.  The  is  thus  an  excellent  medium  for  advertisements,  which  are  inserted  on  moderate  terms,  the  wh.  le  amount  of  the  duty  being  allowed  to  the  public.  In  order  to  afford  facilities  to  a  large  class  whom  the  comparatively  high  prices  of  advertisements  have  hitherto  pi  ohibited  from  availing  them.  selves  of  the  best  way  of  making  their  wants  known,  an  advertise advertisement  ment advertisement  in  the  newspaper  is  charged  only  Is.  6d.  for  advertisements  of  four  lines,  or  not  more  than  30  words  ;  and  2s.  for  e;ght  lines,  or  60  words,  when  paid  In  advance.  The  scale  of  words  is  adopted  to  allow  persons  at  a  distance  to  accompany  their  orders  for  advertise.  ments  with  remittances  of  postage  stamps.  Several  applications  having  been  made  for  a  scale  of  charges  for  small  advertisements  to  appear  weekly,  to  allow  of  tradesmen  and  others  keeping  their  addresses  or  other  announcements  regularly  before  the  public,  we  are  induced  to  adopt  the  following  very  low  scale  of  charges  for  such  advertisements,  when  paid  quarterly,  in  advance  ;  a  of  40  yea  2  lines  ..lf  s  for  13  insertions  3  and  4  ,;  5  and  6  „  ....  16s  for  f/  7  and  8  „  lgs  for  OD  9  and  10  „  ......  22s  fcr  II  and  12  „  25s  for  Published  by  Dobson  and  ion.  Preston.  THE  NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE,  and  Advertiser  for  the  Principalities.  Published  at  Bangor,  every  FRIDAY  EVENING  in  time  for  the  early  posts  and  extensively  circulated  every  SATURDAY  MORNING,  through throughout  out throughout  the  Six  Northern  Counties,  in  Cardiganshire,  and  in  England,  Ireland,  and  Scotland,  is  the  best  medium  for  the  Publication  of  Advertisements,  being  read  by  all  parties,  on  account  of  the  spirited  and  independent  tone  of  its  Leading  Articles,  the  extent  and  accu accuracy  racy accuracy  of  its  Local  Reports,  and  the  variety  and  comprehensiveness  of  its  Foreign  and  Domestic  Intelligence,  Its  Original  Correspondence,  its  reliable  accounts  of  the  Corn  and  Cattle  Markets,  and  other  Infor Information  mation Information  suitable  to  the  great  interests  of  the  Country;  and  circulating  chiefly  amongst  the  classes  who  have  property  to  dispose  of  and  ability  to  purchase.  Offensive  Medical  Advertisements  are  excluded  from  its  columns.  The  charges  for  prepaid  Advertisements  are—two  lines  Is.;  three  lines,  Is.  6d.;  six  lines.  25.;  nine  lines,  2s.  6d.  ;  twelve  lines,  ;  fifteen  lines,  e.  6cl.  ;  eighteen  lines  45.;  twenty-one  lines,  4  s  .  6d  .;  and  6d.  for  every  two  lines  additional.  The  NORTH  \VALES  CHRONICLE  was  established  in  the  year  1826,  and  is  therefore  the  oldest  paper  in  the  district,  and  has  been  very  greatly  enlarged  and  Improved.  rthee  pride  of  the  to  be  had  at  the  odic  of  agents  in  the  NORTH  - STYLE=superscript  WALES  CHRONICLE,  unstamped,  hi  Bangor  only,  is  Sad.  ;  stamped,  to  be  had  _  various  towns,  or  directed  to  any  place,  40.  per  ...y  ;  nineteen  shillings  and  sixpence  per  annum,  in  advance  ;  twenty-one  shillings  per  annum  on  credit.  .  The  NORTH  WALES  CHR  ,  O  R.  N  OB  lC  E  L  R  E  T  l STYLE=superscript  :  lA  dt STYLE=superscript  ß  i STYLE=superscript  ly  ri  r  N  egf  ri  t  r  e  o  re  p  d  rus  a  to  t  r  the  Post-o  ffi  ce  for  all  p  A  o  u  st  a  al  u  p  s  ri  T  v  u  il;  Ordersand  Advertisements  arf  respectfully  solicited  by  Ta  whom  all  Dana  and  Post-oflice  orders  silo  id  he  made  n.'veile  NOP  - STYLE=superscript  -----  ----  MAIL  r  -pri  HE  II  BRITISH  DAILY  is  now  reduced  in  price  (tb,-  ..ungh  not  in  size),  to  );  ; STYLE=superscript  THREEPENCE,  STAMPED  Gains  all  the  News  of  the  day,  the  principal  newspapers,  as  various  districts  of  the  to  Local  News  of  every  kind  a  large  space  is  4  devoted;  and  it  contains  exclusively  the  Latest  Intelli 'Intellilent'  received  by-Submarine  TWO  cant  r  .1J  The  DAILY  MAIL  cont  Indensed  and  selected  fron  as  corresT  I  country,  11  parts  of  the  Con  , STYLE=superscript  e  from  t  enee  trolia  I  Telegraph.  gem  It  has  been  for  s'  Journal  in  the  VI  culation  tyre  Journal  Illy  a  day  in  advance  of  Other  papers  me  years  tho  leading  and  most  est  of  Scotland,  and  has  at  present  a  cit.  ban  that  of  some  of  the  London  Morning  will  result  from  the  re-  but  as  a  1  ;e  incrc  duction  in  price,  no  baler  medium  exists  for  such  Adver Advertisements  tisements Advertisements  as  are  addressed  to  the  wealthy  and  influential  classes  of  Glasgow,  and  the  wide-spread,  PoPulour  manufacturing  districts  around  and  dependent  upon  the  western  Capital.  To  all  places  where  Railway  or  Steamboat  facilities  ex extend,  tend, extend,  arrangements  will  be  made  to  send  the  DAILY  MAIL  in  parcels,  Unstamped  ;  but  if  the  post-office  is  used  for  transmission,  the  Papers  must  b  e  stamped,  which  will,  however,  entitle  them  to  retransmission  as  often  as  desired  for  a  limited  period  after  Publication.  The  price  of  the  NORTH  BRITISH  DAILY  MAIL  will  be—  Stamped,  '  -  In  Advance.  21s.  Gd.  2os.  Unstamped,  For  a  Quarter,...  ..14  s  .  6d.ln  Ad  i  v,t  a  Half-year,  ...295.  .....2  1  „  a  Year,  .....  ...  575.  ..  ...52a.  869.  .....  8 STYLE=superscript  -0-  A  first-class  Daily  Paper  can  thus  be  had  for  a  shin,  a  week,  and  to  a  club  of  four  the  cost  will  be  only  thre  ~  pence  each.  Orders  received  at  the  MAIL  'lO2  to  114,  UNION  STReET  14,  SOUTH  ST  ANDREw  STRE  And  by  all  Country  Nev  V,  EDINBURGIt  vent*."
