text
"resolution  expressing  their  great  interest  in  the  object  they  had  in  view,  and  wishing  it  ev  er  y  success.  (Hear,  hear,)  Because  they  looked  on  it  in  this  light  —running  over  their,  line  for  84  miles,  if  they  could  only  bring  double  the  traffic  it  would  be  as  17  to  11;  and  therefore  it  was  clearly  their  interest.  They  had  also  an  interview  with  them  about  ar arranging  ranging arranging  claims,  &amp;c.,  and  they  were  met  in  a  spirit  of  fairness  which  was  highly  encouraging.  It  had  been  found  that  a  small  line  like  this  could  be  worked  by  a  larger  company  than  themselves,  and  it  was  their  intention  to  take  advan advantage  tage advantage  of  that  experience,  and  to  make  arrangements  with  the  Newcastle  and  Carlisle  company  for  work working  ing working  the  line  ;  and  this  was  likewise  intended  on  the  part  of  the  Port  Carlisle  directors.  Minerals,  &amp;c.,  coming  on  that  line  being  in  the  wagons  of  the  Newcastle  and  the  Carlisle  company,  and  drawn  by  their  own  engines,  they  could  bring  them  on  to  the  line  at  a  less  cost  than  they  could  provide  the  rolling  stock.  Mr.  DIXON  remarke  that  the  provisional  committee  of  the  Carlisle  and  Silloth  coinpany  included  the  names  of  several  directors  and  shareholders  of  the  other  companies.  They  made  it  a  point  to  get  those  directors,  who  were  taking  a  lively  interest  in  the  project,  and  acted  in  both  capacities,  as  a  guarantee  to•  the  public,  they  were  working  hand  in  hand  together.  His  (Mr.  Dixon's)  father,  who  was  deeply  interested  in  the  old  canal  company,  was  on  the  provisional  committee;  and  up  to  a  late  period  he  was  one  of  the  direc directors  tors directors  of  -the  Port  Carlisle  railway.  There  were  others  who  were  shareholders.  Mr.  PINION  asked  what  provision  was  intended  to  be  made  for  a  communication  between  this  town  and  Silloth  bay.  Nothing  had  been  said  at  present  as  to  ensuring  cer certaM  taM certaM  permanent  communication  between  Liverpool  and  Silloth  bay.  As  the  support  of  the  merchants  of  Liverpool  was  sought,  it  would  be  necessary  to  show  them  they  had  a  direct  and  certain  convenience  between  here  and  the  new  dock  at  the  other  side.  Mr.  Invirio  replied  that  until  very  lately  they  had  tw  o  steam-boat  companies  runnin  g  their  boats  twice  a  week;  but  when  the  Lancaster  line  was  completed,  the  competition  became  so  great  that  one  of  the  companies  gave  up  the  station,  and  the  entire  line  was  then  left  to  the  Carlisle  and  Liverpool  steam  navigation  company.  They  had  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  experienced  very  great  inconvenience.  As  an  instance,  he  would  mention  that  on  one  occasion  goods  which  were  dispatched  from  Liverpool  on  Monday  did  not  reach  him  until  Friday  ;  but  if  they  were  shipped  in  the  steam-boat  to  Silloth  bay  on  the  same  date,  he  would  have  had  them  in  Carlisle  on  the  Tuesday  morning.  There  need  be,  then,  no  apprehension  on  the  point  referred  to  by  Mr.  Piston  ;  be because  cause because  on  the  opening  out  of  any  new  channel  of  communi communication  cation communication  its  incidental  wants  must  necessarily  force  themselves  upon  the  attention  of  the  merchants  of  the  whole  place.  He  might  also  state  that  the  Newcastle  steam-boat  which  had  plied  between  this  port  and  Carlisle  for  many  years,  was  undergoing  repairs  in  order  to  be  placed  on  the  station  ;  and  he  had  no  doubt  but  that  with  other  increased  facilities  which  it  would  give,  it  would  be  the  interest  of  the  steam steamboat  boat steamboat  company  to  provide  adequate  accommodation.  If  they  did  not,  then  the  promoters  of  the  present  scheme  would  have  to  provide  steam-boats  for  themselves.  Mr.  SMITH  HARRISON  asked  what  amount  of  support  the  indertaking  had  received  from  those  locally  interested'?  Mr.  IRVING  replied  that  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Carlisl  they  had  got  something  like  £30,000.  The  deputation  hao  been  also  in  London  last  week,  and  after  the  explanations  they  gave  at  a  very  largo  meeting  which'  was  .  held  in  the  London  Tavern,  somewhere  about  £5,000  was  subscribed  before  they  separated.  The  matter  was  now  in  the  hands  of  some  active  friends  there,  and  he  had  no  doubt,  if  Liverpool  came  out  as  it  ought  to  do,  of  their  being  able  to  go  before  parliament  next  session.  £30,000  for  Carlisle,  he  might  observe,  was  a  very  large  sum.  It  was  not  a  speculative  place  ;  but  viewing  the  matter  as  a  sound  investment,  and  one  in  which  they  were  deeply  interested,  they.  had  thus  stretched  forth  a  helping  hand.  Mr.  11.6..unisoN  observed  that  he  had  heard  statements  which  showed  that  this  undertaking  would  be  of  very  great  advantage  to  Carlisle  locally  ;  b  u  t  h  e  did  not  correctly  under understood  stood understood  what  special  advantage  it  was  that  should  make  it  worth  the  while  of  the  Liverpool  people  to  co-operate  in  the  matter.  did  not  see  how  it  would  accommodate  the  through  traffic.  They  have  already  a  line  of  communication  between  Newcastle  and  Carlisle  by  railway.  Was  it  then  by  the  difference  of  cost  between  the  goods  taken  by  Silloth  bay  and  those  by  way  of  Carlisle  and  Maryport  that  would  entitle  them  to  claim  the  through  traffic  ?  Mr.  IRVING  replied  that  it  had  been  already  stated  that  Maryport  was  not  at  all  times  accessible,  and  that  conse consequently  quently consequently  much  delay  took  place  there.  The  delay  in  fact  was  so  great  that  it  had  been  the  subject  of  complaint  with  the  people  of  Carlisle  for  some  time.  As  an  instance  of  this,  and  of  the  interest  attached  to  the  present  undertaking  'in  the  •  south  of  Ireland,  he  would  merely  read  the  following  com communication  munication communication  which  the  secretary  had  received  from  Mr.  Hartley  :  _  .  _  dear  Sir—l  have  been  down  in  the  south  of  Ireland  to  advise  about  the  construction  of  a  dock  at  Cork  by  the  Great  Southern  and  Western,  and  in  my  interview  with  the  directors  and  officials,  reference  has  several  times  been  made  to  the  proposed,  dock  at  Silloth,  and  much  satisfaction  ez ezpresscd  presscd ezpresscd  at  the  prospect  of  floating  dock  accommodation  being  afforded  in  that  locality.  It  appears  that  this  railway  com company,  pany, company,  as  well  as  others,  get  all  their  coat  for  the  - STYLE=superscript  manufacture  nuk  e  from  Nwcastle  via  Murynnrt,  plain  greatly  ot,  the  detention  they  are  subjected  to  from  vessels  getting  neaped,  They  tell  me  that  the  trade  in  coal  with  Silloth,  should  facilities  be  afforded  for  their  ship shipment,  ment, shipment,  would  be  something  very  large  indeed,  as  the  New Newcastle  castle Newcastle  coals  alone  will  suit  their  purpose,;  and  I  think  it  well  to  inform  you  of  this,  in  order  that  your  attention  may  be  directed  to  this  source  of  traffic,  and  I  have  no  doubt  that  by  a  little  inquiry  you  will  find  strong  evidence  to  the  effect  I  have  stated.  If  you  wish  to  be  informed  more  fully  as  re regards  gards regards  the  shipments  of  the  Great  Southern,  Mr.  J.  M.  Miller,  their  engineer,  will,  I  am  sure,  be  glad  to  furnish  you  with  information.  His  office  is  in  Dublin.  J.  B.  Mr.  HAnnlsOrr:  It  is  quite  clear  that  you  expect  the  through  traffic,  not  because  you  carry  the  goods  cheaper,  but  because  of  your  greater  facilities.  Mr.  IRVING  replied  that  the  difference  between  the  cost  of  construction  of  weir  line,  all  other  railways  would  always  give  them  the  advantage.  Mr.  HARRISON  :  'But  suppose  they  increase  their  traffic  at  a  less  cost  ?  Mr.  Inv.i.wo  replied  that  they  could  not  accommodate  that  which  they  even  now  had  ;  and  a  large  amount  of  traffic  went  upon  a  route  which  they  could  not  get  at  all,  but  which  would  be  attainable  by  the  present  line.  Mr,  Da.  - STYLE=superscript  ox  said  that  he  knew  a  gentleman  largely  con connected  nected connected  with  the  collieries,  who  went  to  Maryport  a  short  time  ago  to  seek  for  additional  accommodation  for  the  ship shipof  of shipof  coals  to  Ireland,  but  he  could  not  obtain  it.  Mr.  IRVING  stated  that  the  manage;  of  the  Belfast  gas  works,  sought  for  the  like  accommodation  a  n  d  cou  ld  not  ob obtain  tain obtain  it  , STYLE=superscript  and  simply  because  it  was  not  to  be  had.  Mr.  Irving  in  concligion  stated  that  since  they  cam  e  t  o  Li  ver  p  oo  l,  £2,000  had  been  subscribed  to  the  undertaking.  After  some  further  desultory  discussion.  Mr.  WILLIAlisox  moved,  and  Mr.  R.  'HODSON  seconded,  that  the  thanks  of  this  meeting  be  given  to  the  deputation,  for  the  very  lucid  and  clear  statement  which  they  had.  made.  The  motion  was  unanimously  adopted  ;  and  the  compli compliment  ment compliment  was  acknowledged  by  Mr.  Dixon.  Mr.  NicuoLsorr  moved,  and  Mr.  ROBINSON  seconded,  that  the  project  appeared  to  be  sound  and  feasible,  and  well  worthy  the  attention  of  capitalists.  The  motion  was  unanimously  adopted.  The  thanks  of  the  meeting  having  been  given  to  the  chairman,  the  meeting  separated.  The  shock  of  an  earthquake  was  felt  near  Geneva  on  the  4th  instant.  The  walls  of  several  houses  were  eracked.  CHRISTIIAS  HOLIDAY.—Tho  shopkeepers  of  Wolverhamp Wolverhampton  ton Wolverhampton  have  consented  to  close  their  places  of  business  on  the  Monday  after  Christmas  day,  in  order  to  afford  their  assist assistants  ants assistants  an  opportunity  of  visiting  their  relatives.—Wolver relatives.—Wolverhanipton  hanipton relatives.—Wolverhanipton  Herald.  ACCIDENTS.--A  woman  named  Merry  Egan,  residing  in  Addison-street,  whilst  gathering  ,nttnn  , STYLE=superscript  in  - STYLE=superscript  nartoy,...tr.ot,  was  crushed  between  a  cart  and  a  wall,  and  sustained  a  severe  contusion  of  the  thigh.—Susanna  M'Cluskey,  living  in  Eccles-street,  - STYLE=superscript  whilst  engaged  in  th  e  same  employment,  her  foot  slipped  and  she  fractured  her  thigh.  The  above  cases  were  received  at  the  Northern  Hospital.  EXTRAORDINARY  SLAUGHTER  OF  RATS.—About  1,400  of  these  pests  of  the  farmers  were  recently  killed  in  some  very  old-standing  wheat  ricks  on  an  estate  in  the  neighbourhood  of,  Upton-on-Severn.  The  quantity  of  grain  consumed  by  the  vermin'must  have  been  very  great,  as  they  had  long  held  undisputed  possession  of  their  comfortable  quarters.  -  What  a  speculation  for  a  Chinese  purveyor  !  How  much  he  would  regret  the  loss  of  so  much  dainty  food  !  —Gloucester  Chro Chronicle.  nicle. Chronicle.  DEATH  FROM  EXCESSIVE  DRINKING.—An  inquest  was  held  yesterday  on  the  body  of  Martha  Robinson,  aged  60  ,  years.  The  deceased,  who  kept  a  tobacconist  shop,  nearly  opposite  the,  Rorough  gaol,  was  found  dead  under  very  sus suspieious  pieious suspieious  circumstances  on  Monday  morning.  ,  •It  appeared  the  deceased  lived  in  this  shop,  but  had  formerly  resided  with  her  daughter  in  Virgil-street,  who  was  in  the  'habit  of  occasionally  leaving  her  mother,  and  remaining  out  all  night.  On  Sunday  night,  a  young  woman;  named  Elizabeth  Quirk,  called  to  see  the  deceased,  the  daughter  being  out,  the  deceased  asked  her  to  wait  until  her  daughter  returned.  She  remained  until  ten  o'clock,  and  it  being  then  too  late  to  go  home,  she  went  to  bed  in  the  back  part  of  the  shop,  which  is  divided  by  a  temporary  screen,  and  when  Quirk  get  up  the  next  morning,  she  found  the  deceased  lying  dead  on  the  floor.  The  daughter  appeared  at  the  inquest,  and  said  she  had  gone  with  a  friend  to  Cheshire  on  Saturday,  leasing  her  mother  in  the  shop,  and  was  surprised  on  going  to  the  shop  on  Tuesday  to  find  the  place  in  charge  of  the  police.  She  stated  that  her  mother  had  a  great  many  fr'e  ds,  gentlemen  connected  with  shipping,  who  called  on  11  r  occ  , STYLE=superscript  sionally,  and  then  she  took  more  -irink  than  was  c  n  12th  it  with  sobriety.  In  reply  to  the  coroner,  she  said  Nhe  had  frequently  .seen  her  mother  intoxicated.  The  hus husband  band husband  of  the  deceased  was  a  cabinetmaker  in  New  York,  and  he  was  chiefly  employed  in.  'fitting  up  the  cabins  of  packet  ships.  They  (the  deceased  and  , STYLE=superscript  her  husband)  had  been  parted  many  years.  Mr.  Kemp,  surgeon;  made  a/ost-mor.  tent  examination  on  the  body  of  the  decease  I,  and  found  the  cause  of  death  to  have  been  apoplexy,  and,  from  the  state  of  the  organs,  he  had  no  doubt  but  that  it  was  brought  on  by  excessive  drinking.  Tho  jury  returned  a  verdict  of  died  from  excessive  drinking."
