text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  the  badlharacters  who  itilhsted  that  neiNiourhood,  These  were  some  of  the  advantages  in  favour  of  the  street  from  the'  southern  pediment  of  St.  George's  Hall  to  Dale-street;  but,  at  the  same  time,  the  High  Level  Bridge  would  open  a  good  and  useful  thoroughfare  between  the  east  and  west  peas  of  the  town.  There  was  a  model  in  the  room  which  illustrated  the  advantages  of  the  high  level  scheme,  and  as  the  advan advantages  tages advantages  of  improvement  in  that  neighbourhood  we  re  so  c  l  ear  ,  would  say  little  more  to  urge  it  upon  the  attene  tion  of  the  Council  than  calling  their  attention  to  the  model.  The  very  heavy  traffic  which  was  impeding  a  great  many  of  their  narrow  streets  at  this  moment,  would  be  en entirely  tirely entirely  got  rid  of  by  the  facilities  which  this  new  road  would  give  ;  and  he  had  no  doubt,  that  although  the  mid-day  om omnibusses  nibusses omnibusses  would  take  the  old  road,  for  the  sake  of  picking  up  a  few'  passengers,  still,  all  the  omnibusses  which  came  into  town  between  ten  and  eleven  o'clock  in  the  forenoon,  with  passengers  whose  business  was  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  Exchange,  all  these  would  take  the  high  level,  to  the  great  relief  of  Church-street  and  Lord-street,  and  that  at  a  time  when  gentlemen  were  driving  their  own  vehicles  into  town.  Again,  they  should  consider  another  'point.  How  many  thousand.  '  pounds  of  horse  flesh  would  be  saved  by  this  improvement.  (Laughter.)  •  That  was  a  question,  'which,  to  the  owners  of  cattle,  was  one  of  very  great  importance  ;  and  his  own  impression  was,  that  the  carrying  out  of  these  two  great  improv  e  m  en  t  s  ,  and  the  others  which  were  of  minor  importance,  would  be  a  very  great  saving  to  the  town,  and  true  economy.  The  advantages  arising  from  these  improvements  were  so  manifold,  that  many  of  them  could  not  be  appreciated  until  they  were  carried  out;  and  he  had  no  doubt  that  the  returns,  taking  all  the  advantages  into  account,  would  be  something  like  25  per  cent.  upon  the  outlay.  He  therefore  trusted,  that  as  that  was  the  last  Council  that  their  proceedings  could  come  before,  previous,  to  their  drawing  up  the  bill,  and  giving  the  notices,  they  would  be  u  nan  i  mous  in  giving  the  Surveyor  instructions  to  proceed  in  the  matter.  -  Mr.  GARDNER  seconded  the  adoption  of`  the  report,  and  in  so  doing  observed,  that  he  cordially_  concurred  in  all  the  recommendations  of  the  Committee,  wi  .f STYLE=superscript  th  the  exception  of  t  hat  of  the  High  Level  Bridge,  Tt  might  be  presumption  on  his  part,  to  allude  to  that  matter,  when  he  saw  so  many  members  present  more  competent  to  deal  with  it  than  he  was  ;  but  still  he  should  say,  that  thAt  was  the  only  re recommendation  commendation recommendation  of  the  Committee  in  which  he  did  not  concur.  v  •  aas.  V  vvaay.o  •  As  regarded  the  new  line  of  street  from  Moorfields  to  St.  George's  Hall,  three  years  ago  he  advocated  its  construction,  and  he  was  still  satisfied  that  it  was  one  of  the  greatest  improvements  which  could  be  effected  in  the  town.  In  making  it  they  would  only  cut  through  Cumberland-street  Preston  and  Hood-streets,  and  thus  they  would  not  come  upon  any  valuable  property  whatever.  It  was  sixteen  or  seventeen  years  since  this  improvement  was  first  suggested,  and  yet  nothing  had  been  done  towards  effecting  it  ;  but,  if  the  town  were  to  grow  still  more,  and  go  on  multiplying  in  wealth  as  they  every  day  observed  it  ;  if  their  docks  were  to  still  more  increase,  and  the  same  pressure  of  business,  and  demand  for  offices,  as  at  present,  continue  ;  then,  he  should  say,  that  none  of  these  things  would  long  last,  if  the  improve improvements  ments improvements  which  the  public  required  and  were  calling  for,  were  not  accomplished.  He  was  as  certain  as  possible,  that  if  the  gentlemen  who  were  opposing  them  did  not  merely  look  to  their  present  advantag  e  ,  but  ° STYLE=superscript  looked  to  the  . STYLE=superscript  advantages  which  it  would  ultimately  confer  both  on  themselves  and  the  town,  they  would  nc.t  only  concur  in  the  improvements,  but  would  give  every  support  to  -  obtain  the  bill  from  Parliament,  to  accomplish  that  which  was  so  much.  required.  There  were  a  great  many  other  arguments  which  he  could  bring  to  bear  'in  this  important  question,  but  the  subject  had  been  so  tally  spoken  to  by  the  gentleman  wh  o  introduced  it,  that  lite  did  not  Consider  it  necessary  to  occupy  the  time  of  the  Ckmcil  in  dwelling  on  them.  He  thought  it.  the  more  un un-Aettssary,  -Aettssary, un-Aettssary, STYLE=superscript  because  hekiiew  there  were  gentlemen  present,  who  were  able,  and  who  he  hoped  would  employ  their  powers  in  inducing  the  Council  to  be  unanimous  on  this  subject,  and  to  go  at  once  before  Parliament  to  obtain  an  act  by  which  they  could  accomplish  the  improvements  so  much,  wanted  and  desired.  They  should  remember  that,  on  obtaining  the  act,  they  did  not  intend  to  go  on  at  once  with  all  the  improvements.  (Hear,  hear.)  They  were  not  bound  to  do  so,  but  they  could  take  up  each  street  in  its  turn,  and  having  completed  one  improvement  could  enter  on  another.  Let  them  get,  however,  the  power  first,  and  then  it  would  be  in  the  discretion  of  the  Council  to  determine  what  they  should  first  undertake,  and  what  they  should  leave  undone.  (Hear  '  hear.)  Mr.  Ald.  TURNER  imquired  if  the  Improvement  Committee  had  taken  into  consideration  the  widening  of  Church-street?  It  was  the  orinion  of  a  great  many  members  of  the  Council  that  the  widening  of  Church-street  was  much  more  desirable  than  many  of  the  contemplated  improvements.  Mr.  BENNET  replied  that  it  had  received  the  consideration  of  the  Committee,  but  that  they  found  the  widening  of  Church-street  naturally  involved  the  widening  of  Bold-street  in  connexion  with  it.  It  would  be  utterly  useless  to  widen  one  without  widening  the  other,  and  the  expense  would  be  so  much  that  the  Committee  did  not  think  it  prudent  to  recommend  the  matter  to  the  Council,  more  particularly  as  they  thought  the  making  of  new  streets  through  old  property  far  more  desirable  than  the  widening  of  streets  where  property  was  very  valuable.  Mr.  BIGHAM  asked  if  it  would  not  be  better  to  take  at  once  the  discussion  on  the  High  Level  Bridge,  that  being  the  subject:which  involved  the  greatest  difference  of  opinion.  The  MAYOR  replied,  that  it  was  for  the  Council  to  decide  Whether  or  not  they  would  sanction  such  a  pro proceedin,g.  ceedin,g. proceedin,g.  Mr.  BIGHAM  observed  that  it  was  very  probable  if  a  con conclusion  clusion conclusion  were  arrived  at  in  reference  to  the  High  Level  Bridge,  they  would  consent  at  once  to  the  street  through  Moorfields.  Hear,  and  no,  The  TOWN  CLERK  reminded  the  Council  that  they  could  not  submit  both  plans  to  Parliament  as  alternative  plans  ;  they  should  go  for  one  or  both.  Mr.  PICTON  concurred  with  Mr.  Bigham,  and  thought  it  would  be  better  to  take  the  section  by  section  The  Mayor  said  if  it  were  the  wish  of  the  Council  to  take  the  discussion  first  on  the  clause  having  reference  to  the  High  Level  Bridge,  he  could  see  no  objection  to  it  ;  and  he  thmight  that  it  would  be  consistent  with  their  previous  pro-  ceedings.  Mr:HonsoN  inquired,  if  in  speaking  of  a  new  street  from  Dale-street  to  George's  Hall,  the  Committee  intended  to  do  anything  to  remedy  the  difficulty  of  coming  down  Shaw's  Brow  ?  (Cries  of  '  Mr.  Alderman  Paocron  thought  that  they  should  first  understand  the  proposition  of  Mr.  Alderman  Turner,  as  to  whether  they  would  be  at  liberty  to  include  the  alterations  in  Church-street  and  Park  Lane,  in  the  contemplated  im improvements.  provements. improvements.  (No,  no.)  Mr.  STEWART  hoped  that  if  he  were  to  vote  against  the  high  level  bridge,  he  would  not  be  considered  voting  against  any  improvement  in  Shaw's-brow;  (no,  no,)  for  he  was  quite  of  opinion  that  Shaw's-brow  ought  to  be  improved,  (hear,  hear,)  and  he  thought  that  the  consideration  now  was  whether  they  could  not  effect  that  improvement  without  having  recourse  to  the  high  level  bridge,  to  which  he  was  decidedly  opposed.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  was  not  aware  of  any  instance  where  a  difference  of  level  so  comparatively  slight,  was  surmounted  in  any  town  in  the  United  Kingdom,  by  means  of  a  viaduct  ;  and  he  was  quite  sure  that  if,  in  the  present  instance,  it  were  made,  it  would  considerably  deteriorate  the  property  on  the  low  level.  That  the  steep  in  Shaw's-brow  could  be  removed,  he  was  quite  satisfied,  and  he  was  confirmed  the  more  in  this  conviction  by  the  published  report  of  the  Architectural  Society,  which  he,  would  take  the  liberty  of  reading  to  the  Council.  Mr.  Stewart  then  read  the  report,  in  which  it  was  shown  how  Shaw's-brow  could  be  reduced  to  the  same  level  as  Rene Renelagh-street,  lagh-street, Renelagh-street,  and  urged  that  so  long  as  that  was  practicable,  the  question  of  a  high  level  bridge  should  not  be  entertained.  Mr.  BIGRAM  said,  that  irt  moving  the  amendment  he  was  about  to  propose,  there  was  not  the  slightest  intention  either  on  his  own  part,  or  those  who  agreed  with  him,  to  adopt  the  course  referred  to  by  _Mr.  Stewart.  On  the  contrary,  he  and  they  thought  that  it  would  be  a  benefit  to  property  and  the  town  to  have  Shaw's-brow  improved,  by  lessening  its  steep,  and  that  that  could  be  done  was  clearly  shown  by  Mr.  Stewart's  remarks.  As  to  the  high-level  bridge,  so  far  from  being  an  advantage,  he  thought  it  would  be  a  serious  injury,  not  only  to  the  inhabitants  there,  but  to  the  inhabitants  of  the  town  generally.  It  would  be  a  complete  eye-sore,  and  would  be  a  singular  example,  the  like  of  which  they  had  not  in  the  whole  of  England.  So  far  from  erecting  such  a  work,  he  would  rather,  if  erected,  pay  £90,000  to  pull  it  down  again.  Let  them  look  to  Birmingham  or  Manchester,  or  any  of  those  townswhere  railways  crossed  the  streets  bybridges,  and  they  would  observe  that  there  dark  clouds  were  ever  overhanging,  and  that  around  them  the  worst  of  characters  congregated.  In  moving  the  amendment,  he  for  one  should  be  sorry  to  see  all  improvements  stopped  in  the  locality  to  which  it  referred,  and  that  the  wording  of  the  amendment  would  show.  In  conclusion,  Mr.  Bigham  moved  an  amend amendment,  ment, amendment,  which  was  to  the  effect  that  that  portion  of  the  Com Committee's  mittee's Committee's  report,  recommending  a  high  level  bridge,  be  not  adopted.  Mr.  Moss  seconded  the  amendment.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  begged,  before  coming  to  the  question  immediately  before  the  Council,  to  make  a  few  remarks  with  reference  to  the  memorial  which  he  had  the  honour  to  present  to  the  Council.  As  was  stated,  the  number  of  signatures  attached  to  the  memorial  was  240,  and  if  examined,  the  Council  would  find  that  they  were,  in  point  of  respectability  and  standing,  equal  to  anything  that  was  to  be  found  in  con connexion  nexion connexion  with  such  documents.  With  reference  to  the  more  material  portion  of  the  memorial,  he  could  only  say  that  he  scarcely  ever  read  one  that  seemed  to  him  more  consistent  with  sound  argument  and  common  sense.  He  might  remark  that  the  240  signatures  were  obtained  in  one  day,  and  were  confined  to  the  immediate  locality  of  '&#34;Wlitechapel,  the  Old  Hay  Market,  St.  John's-lane,  Byrom-street,  and  Dale-street,  and  more  signatures  would  have  been  attached  to  it  were  it  not  for  the  absence  of  many  parties  whose  names  s9uld,,vot  be  procured.  He  was  not  not  sure  whetheethiAtisaibeki  ittNouncil  followed  very  closely  the  wordiagN4lliiptititioff,ia  4  he  would,  the  re  f  ore  ,  call  their  atten  ;  MVP  . STYLE=superscript  ints  contained  in  it.  They  stated,  2  , STYLE=superscript  t  e  proposed  viaduct  would  not  o  •e  ail—  jury  birt  every  future  im improvement  provement improvement  o  Pr9trty  on  the  1(  Tel,  and  that  th  e  y  0  thought  it  , STYLE=superscript  s6  y,  very  expensive.  They  though  p  TO,7l  )  ll.,..:zsary,,lic.eau,,  as  quite  practica practicable  ble practicable  to  alter  th  of  r STYLE=superscript  ro  and  Dale-street  so  as  to  reduce  th:  4  .  1 STYLE=superscript  ‘•  1. STYLE=superscript  7  ion  to  Ranelagh-street,  which  Mr.  Ben  70  pans  only  1  in  22  in  its  gradient.  Now,  surely,  l  i STYLE=superscript  gatilt  could  be  reduced  to  anything  like  that  of  Ranolagh-street,  he  scarcely  knew  what  more  the  town  could  desire.  It  was  perfectly  public  ,  tC).  the  Most  M  ordinary  eye  that,  between  anchester.street  to  the  bottom  of  Dare-street,  a  very  consideiabie  cutting  could  be  made,  and  that.  even  an  the  top  of  Shaw's  Brow  a  very  large  slice  could,  with  very  great  adVantage,  be  cut  off.  The  memorialists  further  stated  that  such  an  altera=  tion  of  the  gradient  as  he  had  spoken  of  would  be  less  prejudicial  than  the  erection  Of  a  bridge  to  the  adjoining  property,  most  of  which  is  in  a  condition  to  render  an  early  re-building  requisite  to  adapt  it  to  the  changing  character  of  the  they  then  went  on  to  say  the  raising  of  Byrtini  , STYLE=superscript  street  is  further  advantagemiS,  as  it  Would  tend  to  improve  the  present  defective  drainage  resultina.  from  the  lowness  of  its  po  s  iti  on  Th  e  y  p  r  ee  ee  d  e  d  to  state  that  the  proposed  erection  would  necessarily  be  very  _un _unsightly  sightly _unsightly  to  all  who  would  frequent  the  streets  on  the  low  leVel,  as  it  would  constantly  be  a  receptacle  for  nuisances  and  disorderly  characters,  and  that  the  railway  bridge  in  Lead's-street  full  exemplified  this.  They  tholight  the  new  street  would  be  expensive,  as  was  shown  by  the  amount  which  appeared  front  the  Council's  published  proceedings;  and  that  compensation  for  the  injury  to  property  could  be  with  difficulty  ascertained.  These  were  some  of  the  leading  points  contained  in  the  memorial,  which  appeared  to  him  eminently  to  take  . STYLE=superscript  a  sound  common  sense  view  of  the  subject.  He  certainly  had  given  the  subject  the  best  consideration  in  his,  poWer  s  ,  and  he  admitted  that  it  was  one  about  which  the  members  of  the  Connell  could  have  no  persOnal  difference.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  was  a  case  in  which  men  might  entertain  different  opinions  ;  and  though  it  Was  but  just  to  suppose  that  all  were  actuated  by  the  same  pure  motives  (  yet  it  was  perfectly  possible  that  one  party  might  be  right  and  the  other  wrong  Now,  his  notion  was,  that  this  bridge  wag  hot  tephred.  He  believed  that  it  would  be  made  use  Of  by  omnibuSses  and  gentlemen  from  West  Derby,  Walton,  and  that  locality  :  but  that  after  ten  o'clock  in  the  forenoon,  all  these  oninibiisseS  Would  bring  in  a  considerable  number  Of  feniale  paSsengers  who  would  require  to  be  set  dotn  hi  the  district  where  the  shops  were  located.  With  regard  to  the  coal  carts,  he  admitted  that  a  'neat  number  of  coal  carts  did  traverse  Shaw's  Brow,  but  if  the  level  there  were  altered,  that  difficulty  would  be  re removed.  moved. removed.  Mr.  Stewart  had  also  put  very  candidly  to  the  Council,  that  there  was  no  instance  of  a  bridge  or  viaduct  in  the  centre  of  any  town  in  the  United  Kingdom.  They  were  aware,  most  of  them,  of  the  existence  of  the  North  Bridge,  in  Edinburgh  ;  that  was  an  exception  to  the  general  rule,  but  they  would  recollect  that  the  space  which  separated  the  new  town  from  the  old,  was  nothing  more  nor  less  than  a  deep  ravine,  and  that  the  difficulty  presented  there  could  never  be  overcome  but  by  means  of  a  High  Level  Bridge.  He  did  not  know  whether  it  had  fallen  to  the  lot  of  any  member  of  the  Council  to  reside  for  any  time  in  Edinburgh  ;  he  had  done  so,  and  was  well  acquainted  with  the  North  Bridge,  and  he  could  say,  that  the  filth,  the  dirt,  and  the  stench;  from  the  ground  below,  was  at  all  times  Most  dread dreadful.  ful. dreadful.  Every  pains  ho  believed  were  taken  to  cleanse  that  portion  of  the  town,  but  in  spite  of  every  exertion,  it  remained  to  this  day  a  filthy  locality.  Now  with  reference  to  the  cost  of  this  proposed  High  Level  Bridge,  no  one  could  form  a  correct  estimate.  (Hear,  hear.)  Then  again,  as  to  .the  form  •and  shape  of  it,  some,  he  was  told  ;  held  it  should  be  a  piece  of  net-work  ;  others  were  of  opinion  that  the  sides  should  be  supported  by  solid  brick brickwork  work brickwork  or  masonry  ;  in  the  shape  of  houses  or  other  premises  of  that  kind.  But  there  was  a  much  more  important  view  of  he  ease  than  any  which  had  been  urged  to-day,  that  he  took  of  the  proposal  of  the  High  Level  Bridge,  which  to  a  certain  extent  unquestionably  was  to  abandon  the  property  below,  and  to  carry  the  traffic  by  means  ,  of  a  viaduct— viaductthere  there viaductthere  was  a  much  stronger  objection  which  had  struck  him,  and  which  he  would  mention  to  the  Council.  He  (Mr..  Gladstone)  believed  that  bridge,  if  erected,  would  inflict  on  the  poorer  classes  a  great  moral  wrong.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  knew  not  whether  gentlemen  passed  there  so  frequently  as  he  had  to  do,  every  day  twice  for  six  days  a  week,—  whether  they  had  ever  cast  their  eyes  up  and  down  the  streets  that  branched  out  of  Dale-street.  In  the  whole  of  his  (Mr.  Gladstone's)  experience,  he  had  never  yet  seen  (he  would  not  be  so  uncharitable  to  say  that  there  were  not  exceptiOns  to  what  he  was  about  to  state,)  he  had  never  yet  seen  a  minister  of  religion  come  out  of  those  streets,  or  go  into  them,  with  the  exception  of  the  Roman  Catholics.  (Hear,  hear,  and  oh,  oh!)  He  was  not  there  as  the  advocate  .  of  the  Roman  Catholics,  but  he  thought  it  was  due  to  them  to  say  he  ,  had  frequently  seen  them  in  the  lanes  and  streets  where  the  members  of  their  Church  resided.  The  MAYOR  :  I  think,  Mr.  Gladstone,  we  cannot  admit  such  an  element  'as  that  into  the  discussion.  I  stopped  Mr.  Bennett  before.  We  had  better  avoid  religious  discus discussions.  sions. discussions.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  was  not  raising  the  question  of  religion.  He  was  stating  whom  he  had  seen  Mr.  TYRER  :  I  know  there  are  clergymen  who  visit  those  streets  frequently.  (Hear.  hear,  and  order.)  Mr.  GLADSTONE  was  speaking  of  what  he  had  seen  him himself.  self. himself.  (Hear  hear.)  Mr.  TYRER  :  Clergymen  of  the  Established  Church-visited  those  streets,  and  Mr.  Gladstone  had  no  right  to  say  other otherwise.  wise. otherwise.  (Hear,  hear,  and  order.)  Mr.  GLADSTONE  was  perfectly  right  in  making  the  state statement,  ment, statement,  which  he  would  vouch  for.  Mr.  Tyrer  had  no  right'to  interrupt  him,  and-  the  Mayor  would  tell  him  so.  He  should  then  say  again  to  place  a  bridge  over  that  locality,  where  the  most  wretched  beings  on  the  face  of  the  earth  resided;  where  vice  and  ignorance,  and  darkness  of  mind  and  of  body,  and  filth  were  to  be  found  in  abundance,  was  to  consign  them  to  an  everlasting  doom.  (Oh  !  oh  !  from  a  member.)  lam  speaking  to  the  point,  and  I  must  protest  against  being  interfered  with.  Any  gentleman  can  follow  me,  and  answer  me  if  he  can.  The  MAYOR  observed  that  he  did  not  hear  the  interrup-  A  MEMBER,  whose  name  we  could  not  catch,  said  that  he  was  the  gentlemen  who  had  made  the  'remark  ;  and  Mr.  GLADSTONE  begged  that  he  would  not  do  so  again.  He  again  asserted  that,  to  construct,  a  high  level  bridge  in  the  locality  proposed,  was  to  consign  its  inhabitants  to  a  doom  of  eternal  disgrace  and  degradation.  That  was  his  view  of  the  question—every  other  gentleman  could  hold  his  own;  but  he  thought,  that  the  gulph  between  the  rich  and  the  poor  was  sufficiently  broad  at  present,  and  that  they  should  not  make  matters  worse  than  they  were.  Be Besides,  sides, Besides,  where  they  proposed  so  great  an  alteration  as  this,  which  would  involve  a  very  large  sum  of  money,  larger  than  they  were  able  to  tell  at  that  moment,  there  should  be  one  concurrent  voice  amongst  the  people  in  its  favour.  Now  they  knew  very  well  that  there  .  were  very  great  differ differences  ences differences  of  opinion  on  that  subject..  Again,  he  had  listened  to  the  remarks  that  had  fallen  from  Mr.  Bennet,  and  which,  he  was  free  to  admit,  had  been  brought  before  the  Council  with  the  best  intentions  ;  but  he  was  sorry  to  say  that  they  did  not  carry  conviction  to  his  mind.  He  might  remark,  that  if  there  were  any  benefit  in  the  high  level  bridge,  it  would  be  very  much  for  his,  personal  interest  to  advocate  it;  but  he  felt  that  even  if  he  were  benefitted  by  it,'  it  would  be  injurious  and  reprehensible  in  other  respects.  But  let  him  remark  upon  the  streets  that  the  Improvement  Committee  'proposed  to  alter.  Church-street  and  Bold-street  were  both  mentioned  by  Mr.  Alderman  Turner  and  himself  on  the  last  occasion;  but  these  streets  were  passed  over,  ,and  no  notice  taken  of  them,  while  such  streets  as  Limekiln-lane,  and  Elam,  were  proposed  to  be  altered  and  improved.  •  In  con conclusion,  clusion, conclusion,  he  believed  it  was,  as  he,before  stated,  that  the  high  level  bridge  was  not  only  an  evil,  but  that  it  was  un unnecessary—that  necessary—that unnecessary—that  it  could  be  no  improvement  whatever;  but  that,  on-the  contrary,  such  alterations  could  be  made  in  the  existing  streets,  as  would  be  highly  satisfactory  to  the  public  and  meet  all  the  wants,  however  pressing  they  might  be,  of  this  great  increasing  town.  -  _  Mi..  Alderman  PARKER  said  that,  however  he  might  re respect  spect respect  the  able  and  distinguished  gentleman  who  had  addressed  the  Council  last,  he  should  differ  with  him  in  his  remarks  about  the  Roman  Catholic  Clergymen.  The  MAYOR  should  stop  all  further  diciiSsion  ou  that  topic,  Mr.  Gladstone  had  ahandoned  it;  and  he  should  request,  that  it  would  not  be  persevered  in.  .  Mr.  Alderman  PARKER  continued  to  say,  he  did  not  agree  'With  Mr.  — STYLE=superscript  GladstOne  on  that  point;  as  to  the  high  level  bridge  '  he  felt  •the  greatest  pleasure  in  supporting-  the  me memorial  morial memorial  which  had  been  read  against  it.  It  was  well  known  that  Shaw's-brow  was  now  perfectly  deserted  as  regarded  traffic  compaied  to  what  it  Was  when  thirty  or  sixty  coaches  used  to  travel  over  it,  and  then  no  such  improvement  was  ever  spoken  of.  He  denied  that  the  railway  passengers  would  go  along  the  bridge,  and  he  called  upon  every  mem member  ber member  who  represented  the  north  of  the  town  to  oppose  the  pro  j  ect.  Mr.  THoMPsoN  said,  that  it  was  understood  in'  the  Im Improvement  provement Improvement  Committee  in  'bringing  these  recommendations  forward,  it  was  for  the  Council  to'  decide  which  they  shoUld  have.  (No,  no.)  He  understood  it  so,  and  as  to  the  matter  in  dispute,  much  had  been  said,'  but  he  thought  half  the  words  would  have  done  the  business.  (Oh,  oh,  and  laughter)  .  .  Mr.  Pic-ro);  said  it  was  observed  of  old,  that  in  themi  . STYLE=superscript  -  titude  of  councillors  there  was  safety.  Whether  the  coun councillors  cillors councillors  thus  mentioned  were  town  councillors  or  not  he  could  not  .take  upon  himself.to  say,  for  it  seemed  they  had  now  got  into  such  a  chaos  that  it  would  be  extremely  difficult  to  lay  out  any  plan  which  would  be  satisfactory  at  all.  (Hear,  hear.)  What  with  the  high  level  bridge  and  the  low  level  roads,  and  the  contentions  between  tie  north  and  south,  east  and  west,  all  pulling  in  various  ways,  the  result  seemed  very  likely  to  be,  unless  the  Council  came  now  to  a  calm  and  deliberate  view  of  the  whole  affair,  as  he  trusted  they  would,  that  they  should  do  nothing  at  all.  (Hear,  hear.)  Under  these  circumstances,  1  ookingat  the  very  great  diver diversity  sity diversity  of  opinion,  wh  a  t  was  th  e  C  oun  c  i  l  to  do  ?  The  first  thing  he  looked  to  was,  what  were  the  improvements  required  by  present  necessity—what  were  the  improvements  which  were  first  required  to  be  done  for  the  benefit  of  the  town  ?  Se Secondly,  condly, Secondly,  .that  whatever  they  did  undertake  should  be  thoroughly  done,  and  that  they  shoiild  have  no  half  improve improvements  ments improvements  at  the  present  day.  (Hear,  hear.)  And,  thirdly,  that  whatever  they  undertook  should  not  only  be  thoroughly  done,  but  promptly  done.  (Hear,  hear.)  If  they  took  these  as  the  leading  points,  he  did  not  think  they  could  go  far  wrong.  The  question  of  the  improvement  of  Shaw's-brow  and  Dale-street  Was  not  one  of  yesterday.  The  subject  had  been  before  the  public  foryears,  and  the  Mayor  himself,  be before  fore before  he  occupied  that  chair,  more  than  twelve  months  ago,  had  brought  the  matter  forward,  and  great  attention  was  given  to  it  at  the  time,  and  it  had  been  repeatedly  discussed  since,  so  that  its  merits  must,  at  the  - STYLE=superscript  preseiit  moment,  be  tolerably  well  known.  Again,  the  inhabitants  of  the  town  had  convened  a  meeting,  at  which  the  Mayor  presided.  At,  that  meeting  a  committee  was  formed,  representing,  it  was  supposed,  all  parties  - STYLE=superscript  mid  classes,  merchants,  shopkeepers,  owners  of  property,  and-  all  thosefwho  - STYLE=superscript  felt  an  interest  in  public  improvements.  That  committee  had  sat  repeatedly,  had  gone  into  the  Whole  question  involved,  and  at  great  length,  and  had  at  last  presented  a  report:  That  report,  and  the  report  of  their  own  'lmprovement  Committee,  mar marvellous  vellous marvellous  to  say,  appeared  to  be  identical  ;  they  both  'Came  to  the  same  conclusion;  as  regarded  the  question  now  before  the  Cpuneil.  No*,  he  should  like  i  to  )(hew  i  in  what  manner  public  Opinioit  wins  to'  be  ascertained  if  t  Was  not,  in  the  first  instance,  by  the  opinions  of  the  Council  who,irepre who,irepresented  sented who,irepresented  the  burgesses,  or  through  the  inhabitants  of  the  town-  themselves  ;  in  public  meeting  assembled,  appointing  a  Committee  ?  In  the  present  instance  these  two  bodies,  elected  in  their  different  ways  came  UT  the  same  eunclngoni  and  that  conclusion'  they  had  LefOre  them  in  the  report  of  the  Improvement  Committee.  Now,  if  they  looked  to  the  ques question  tion question  of  what  improvement  was  first  negessary,  public  opinion  at  all  sides  appeared  to  point  to  St.  George's  Hall.  That  building  was  the  pride  and  ornament  of  their  town,  and  it  was  that  to  which  it  was  quite  Clear  all  future  ittiprovements  must  have  a  tendency  to  centre.  That  being  so,  and  seeing  that  it  was  also  necessary,  in  order  to  complete  the  approach  to  it,  that.  Shaw's-brow  should  be  interfered  With  to  a  consi considerable  derable considerable  extent,  they  were  pointed  naturally  and  directly  to  the  improvement  of  that  locality,  Whether  it  should  be  . STYLE=superscript  a  Thigh  level  or  low  level  was,  he  donsidtred,  a  mattei  of  minor  consideration.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  was  himself  of  opinion  that  the  high-level  bridge  wag  the  best,  bid  he  was  not  bigoted  to  that  view,  and,  if  it  could  be  shewn  that  any  large  number  of  the  owners  of  property,  or  the  shopkeepers  in  the  vicinity,  would  be  injured  by  it,  or  that  the  public  opinion  of  the  town  was  hot  in  fatour  of  it,  let  them  then  do  the  best  they  could,  and  carry  public  opinion  along  with  them  in  whatever  they  did.  (Hear,  hear.)  Therefore  if  upon  the  votes  of  the  Council  being  taken;  it  should  appear  there  was  not,  he  would  not  say  merely  a  majority,  but  even  a  very  large  majority,  in  favour  of  the  high  level  bridge  ;  he  thought  they  ought  to  abandon  that  project,  and  fall  back  upon  making  what  improvements  they  could  upon  the  low lowlevel.  level. lowlevel.  (Hear,  .  hear.)  Now,  for  one  moment,  let  them  con consider  sider consider  the  mode  in  which  the  two  lines  now  before  the  consi consideration  deration consideration  of  'the  Council  would  affect  St.  George'S  Hall,  its  approaches  and  the  approaches  to  the  centre  of  the  town  generally.  He  would  not  weary  the  Council  by  going  again  over  the  ground  which  had  been  sufficiently  set  forth  in  the  report  of  the  Improvement  Committee,  but  he  would  just  allude  to  one  or  two  points  incidentally  touched  upon  by  Mr.  Gladstone.  Whether  it  arose  from  want  of  comprehension  upon  his  part,  or  that  Mr.  Gladstone  was  prevented  by  in interruption  terruption interruption  from  developing  his  ideas  upon  the  subject,  he  really  did  not  understand  that  gentlemen  when  he  spoke  of  a'high  level  bridge  being  a  separation  between  the  rich  and  the  poor.  How  that  could  act  as  a  wall  of  separation  which  was  merely  intended  as  a  means  of  improving  the  commu communication  nication communication  he  was  at  a  loss  to  know.  If  it  were  the  case  that  the  respectable  part  of  the  community  were  not  fond  of  visiting  the  abodes  of  poverty  and  wretched wretchedness  ness wretchedness  in  these  streets  which  branched  off  Dale  Street,  surely  common  sense  would  seem  to  indicate  that  they  would  be  more  likely  to  visit  these  places  when  the  access  to  them  was  made  more  easy.  He  really  could  not  understand  how  that  objection  was  put  forward.  Again,  it  was  quite  clear  that  if  they  could  obtain  a  direct  access  to  the  centre  of  the  town,  it  .was  better,  cceteris  paribus,  than  a  roundabout  one.  The  intercourse  by  Shaw's-brow  was  the  original  access  .  ,to  the  town,  and  other  things  being  equal,  there  could  be  no  doubt  that  it  was  the  shortest  and  best  way  to  the  Town  Hall,  and  the  centre  of  the  town  generally.  The  question  then  was,  could  they  improve  it  and  restore  it  to  what  it  was  once,  and  the  traffic  it  had  lost,  in  consequence  of  the  difference  of  gradient  being  such  that  most  persons  preferred  a  roundabout  course.  The  Committee  had  shewn,  and  he  thought,  all  parties  agreed,  and  Mr.  Stewart,  whose  observations  were  exceedingly  judicious  and  to  the  point,  had  shown,  that  that  way  could  be  materially  improved  by  making  it  accessible.  It  was  not  a  question  that  could  be  decided  in  a  few  words.  There  were  serious  difficulties  in  the  way,  whether  the  work  was  begun  in  Whitechapel,  Dale  Street,  or  wherever  else  they  chose.  It  was  a  question  which  gentlemen  should  de decide  cide decide  for  themselves,  whether  an  embankment  of  the  thorough thoroughfare  fare thoroughfare  along  Byrom  Street  and  Whitechapel,  rising  five  on  six  feet,  would  be  a  less  injury  to  the  property  there,  and  require  less  compensation,  than  if  they  rode  over  them  with  a  high  level  bridge.  Mr.  Stewart  knew  from  practical  experience,  what  had  been  the  cost  for  compensation  in  altering  the  levels  about  the  docks,  and  he  of  course  would  be  able  to  come  to  a  conclusion  as  to  what  the  compensation  should  be  in  streets  where  the  property  was  infinitely  more  valuable.  He  should  for  himself  confess,  that  after  having  heard  •  all  the  arguments,  he  could  not  help  thinking,  taking  all  things  together,  that  a  high  level  bridge  would  be  the  best  plan,  tbut  he  was  not  bigoted  to  that  view,  and  if  the  Council  were  of  a  different  opinion,  he  should  cheerfully  co-operate  in  carrying  on  the  improvements  by  the  low  level.  (Hear,  hear).  With  regard  to  the  street  from  Moorfields,  round  by  Roe  Street,  to  the  south  front  of  St.  George's  Hall,  he  thought  it  was  a  project  which  if  carried  out  would  be  highly  beneficial.  There  was  a  very  great  deficiency  in  that  town  as  regarded  lateral  communication  between  the  ,great_  leading  thoroughfares.  The  route  from  Dale  Street  to  Whitechapel,  or  Church  Street,  was  very  circuitous,  and  passed  through  a  very  unpleasant  neighbourhood,  and  that  district  more  than  any  other  required  to  be  opened,  that  the  fresh  breeze  of  heaven  should  be  permitted  blow  into  it,  and  more  than  any  otherrequired  that  light  should  be  let  into  itthat  the  property  there  should  be  directed  to  other  purposes  and  better  ends  than  it  now  was.  (Hear,  hear).  He  thought  these  ends  would  be  well  obtained  by  the  proposed  street,  and  he  would  accordingly  support  the  plans  for  carrying  it  through.  With  regard  to  the  memorial,  which,  when  displayed  in  that  room  looked  like  a  suspension  bridge,  and  such  it  was  intended  to  be  with  regard  to  their  high  level  bridge,  he  thought  the  gentlemen  were  a  great  deal  too  sensi sensitive  tive sensitive  -as  to  the  injury  which  they  anticipated.  Let  it  be  re remembered  membered remembered  that  access,  by  means  of  the  intended  improve— improvement,  ment, improvement,  would  be  made.  very,  much  better  from  Dale-street  than  it  ever  had  been.  The  only  property  which  could,  by  possibility,  be  in  wouldbe  thatlyingbet  ween  th  e  corner  o  f  Dale-street  andthe  bottom  ofManchester-st  ree  t,  an  d  if  it  could  be  seen  that  any  serious  injury  was  inflicted  upon  the  owners  of  that  property'or  the  occupiers,  they  would  have  a  fair  claim  for  compensation  for  such  injury.  He  would  say,  in  conclusion,  that  there  was  abundant  necessity  for  something  being  done,  and  being  done  promptly,  and  whatever  might  be  the  opinion  of  the  majority  in  that  Council,  he  trusted  they  would  not  be  led  by  any  predilections  for  either  the  high  level  or  the  low  level,  to  do  anything  which  might  frustrate  their  going  to  Parliament  with  a  bill  in  the  ensuing  session.  The  com completion  pletion completion  of  St.  George's  Hall,  required  that  something  should  be  done.  They  also  wished  to  carry  out  the  plan  for  the  foundation  of,  a  Museum  and  Library,  and  he  trusted  also  that  they  would  have  upon  the  north  side  of  Shaw's  Brow  the  salt  water  baths,  instead  of  their  being,  as  they  now  were,  in  the  most  objectionable  position  possible.  Taking  all  these  things  into  consideration,  itwould  be  seen  that  there  was  a  necessity  for  going  before  Parliament  this  session,  and  he  trusted,  whatever  might  be  the  decision,  that  the  Council  would  all  co-operate  in  carrying  out  faithfully  any  plans  which  might  meet  the  concurrence  of  the  majority.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  GARDNER  begged  to  offer  .a  suggestion,  in  order  that  they  might  be  unanimous.  If  the  chairman  of  the  com committee,  mittee, committee,  Mr.  Bennett,  would  waive  the  question  of  the  high  level,  he  felt  convinced  they  would  be  unanimous  upon  all  the  other  points,  and  would  go  before  Parliament  without  any  difference  of  opinion  (hear,  hear).  Mr.  John  B.  LLOYD  said  he  had  been  an  advocate  with  Mr.  Gladstone  for  the  widening  of  that  part  of  Church  Street  between  Paradise  Street  and  St.  Peter's  Church.  He  had  advocated  that  question  last  year,  when  it  was.  before  the  consideration  of  the  Improvement  Committee,  and  also  that  year,  but  he  was  led  from  financial  circumstances  to  abandon  it  in  the  committee,  and  he  should  say  for  the  information  of  the  gentlemen  there,  that  only  upon  that  ground  was  it  abandoned  for  the  present.  The  chief  point  to  which  the  Council  were  now  bound  to  give  every  consider consideration  ation consideration  was  how  Shaw's  brow  was  to  be  altered.  He  thought  everybody  was  of  opinion  that  some  alteration  ought  to  be  made  there,  and  he  thought  the  Councillshould  beunanimous  in  order  to  avoid  any  delay  in  going  to  Parliament  this  session,  particularly  after  the  memorial  which  had  been  presented  by  persons  who  stated  themselves  to  be  owners  of  property  in  the  vicinity,  and  acquainted  with  the  necessity  for  some  alteration.  He  thought  the  council  was  bound  to  give  the  memorialists  every  consideration  before  any  stepS  were  taken.  He  agreed  with  Mr.  Picton  that  it  was  a  minor  consideration  how  the  alteration  was  effected,  if  the  Council  were  unanimous,  as  the  memorialists  appeared  to  be,  in  coming  to  the  decision  that  the  alteration  should  be  made.  Let  them  decide  that  day  that  it  should  be  done,  but  not  by  means  of  a  bridge,  and  thus  soothe  the  apprehensions  of  all  the  gentlemen  who  signed  the  memorial.  It  would  be  very  easy  then  to  carry  the  improVements  through  Parliament.  With  that  view,  and  seeing  the  difficulties  with  which  they  had  to  contend,  not  only  here  but  hereafter,  and  as  they  were  all  unanimously  agreed  that  some  alteration  should  take  place,  he  would  suggest  that  it  be  left  as  an  instruction  to  the  Improvement  Committee  to  carry  it  out,  but  not  by  means  of  a  bridge.  Mr.  Joirsseoistrongly  recommended  the  adoption  of  the  amendment  propoSed  by  Mr.  Bigham.  Mr.  Howe:4  concurred  in  that  opinion,  from  the  strong  feeling  .  which  had  been  expressed  by  the  Council,'and  by  the  - STYLE=superscript  memorialists,  he  *add  confess  that  he  was  not  himself  influenced  by  any  one  of  the  speeches  which  had  been  delivered,  as  to  the  non-necessity  of  the  High  Level  Bridge,  because  he  thought  it  would  be  a  very  great  advantage,  and  he  would  say  more,  that  it  would  cost  much  less  than  the  other  proposed  improvement..  But  finding  that  the  public  in  the  neighbourhood  had  presented  a  strong  memorial  against  it  —whether  right  or  wrong  was  another  question--  as  he  stood  there  a  representative  only,  and  anxious  to  do  his  duty  fairly,  he  should  give  his  vote  in  accordance  with  the  opinion  of  the  majority.  Mr.  HOLME  felt  extremely  sorry  to  differ  from  a  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  of  such  experience  as  Mr.  Stewart,  but  he  could  not  let  •  that  opportunity  slip,  of  protesting,  as  one  individual,  against  the  abandonment  of  the  High  Level  Bridge.  No  one  was  more  willing  to  pay  deference  to  such  a  petition  as  had  been  laid  upon  their  table  that  day  than  he  was,  but  he  would  never  give  up  his  opinion,  when  he  believed  that  it  was  an  honest  and  a  right  one.  When  the  argument  was  employed  that  Shaw's-brow  was  not  used,  he  asked  what  was  the  rea reason  son reason  that  it  was  not  used  ?  Wasit  not  because  it  was  totally  inaccessible,  and  that  neither  cars,  carts,  nor  any  other  des description  cription description  of  vehicle  could  use  it.  (Hear,  hear)  ?  Mr.  Par Parker  ker Parker  stated  that  cars  going  to  the  railway  always  went  round  the  other  way.  What  was  the  reason  ?  Did  not  the  Cor Corporation  poration Corporation  make  Manchester-street,  and  by  that  means  give  a  much  easier  approach,  and  therefore,  cars  made  use'  of  that  I  street,  instead  of  what  ought  to  be  the  direct  line  of  route.  Ile  thought  the  petitioners  were  quite  wrong  in  their  opinions,  and  he  should  be  vety  glad  to  meet  a  deputation  of  them  any  time.  Instead  of  a  High  Level  Bridge  being  an  in injury;  jury; injury;  he  believed  conscieniieusly  that  if  it  were  not  made,  the  vicinity  would  be  very  considerably  injured,  inasmuch  as  the  ,grcat  press  of  traffic  which  now  found  its  way  to  the  bot bottom  tom bottom  a  Dalt-street,  *odd  be  entirely  diverted.  With  re regard  gard regard  to  the  raising  of  Byrom-street,  he  1'6.8  greatly  astonished,  after  the  trouble  Mr.  Ste  wart  httd  himself  experienced  in  the  numerous  claims  which  were  made  upon  tho  Dock  Com Committee  mittee Committee  for  compensation,  that  he  should  advocate  that  jecf  )  and  he  should  like  to  know  whether  the  very  parties  who  signed  the  memorial,  would  not  be  the  parties  to  claim  a  very  large  compensation  from  the  Council  in  case  the  level  was  altered  now.  Mr.  ST  - STYLE=superscript  AWART  begged  to  say  that  hp  had  been  misunder misunderstood:  stood: misunderstood:  He  was  not  an  advocate  for  the  altering  of  Byroinx  streets  ttoLiut  said  at  any  rate  to  make  Shaw's  Brow  acces accessible  sible accessible  could  not  be  done  without  raising  Byrom-street,  other otherwise  wise otherwise  all  the  improvement  would  be  thrown  away.  He  'Con 'Contended  tended 'Contended  that  if  the  high  level  bridge  were  constructed,  it  Would.  benefit  the  property  of  the  Corporation  itself.  If  there  was  one  advantage  more  than  another  it  was  that  it  prevented  the  cross  traffic  of  the  two  thoroughfares.  If  any  one  went  to  the  bottom  of  Lord-street,  or  any  of  the  princi principal  pal principal  thoroughfares,  he  would  see  at  once  the  advantage  which  a  high  level  bridge  would  poSsess  in  preventing  the  danger dangerous  ous dangerous  cross  .  traffic.  The  only  thing  in  which  he  did  not  agree  With  the  proposal  brought  forward  by  the  Improvement  Committee,  was,  that  he  did  not  think  they  were  making  the  best  use  of  the  high  level,  and  he  could  not  help  thinking  that  an  improvement  might  be  made  by  having  access  to  botli  streets,  and  that  the  inhabitants  of  Byrom-street  would  be  very  conSiderably  improved  if  they  had  a  much  better  access  out  of  byrom.streei  into  Dale-street.  He  would  urge  upon  them  all  to  consider  seriously  before  they  gave  their  votes  to  prevent  what  he  conscientiously  believed,  if  carried  out,  would  be  one  of  the  greatest  improvements.which  ever  took  place  in  the  town  of  Liverpool.  Mr.  GEORGE  •  Hour  said  there  was  a  period  when  he  should  have  agreed  with  the  last  speaker,  when  thirty-six  coaches  were  leaving  every  day  and  returning  in  that  direction,  and  frequent  accidents  took  place,  whic  would  have  rendered  some  improvement  of  the  sort  necessary.  At  that  time  Shaw's  Brow  was  also  - STYLE=superscript  much  steeper.  But  to  meet  these  in inconveniences  conveniences inconveniences  Manchester-street  had  been  made,  which  offered  an  easy  access.  A  slight  raising  could  be  made  at  the  bot bottom  tom bottom  without  any  compensation  whatever,  and  which  wonld  greatly  improve  the  effect  of  St.  George's  Hall.  He  did  riot  think  the  high  level  bridge  was  at  all  called  for.  It  was  undesirable  in  itself,  and  he  saw  no  necessity  for  it.  He  did  not  see  what  they  would  gain  by  it  :  there  was  no  object  to  fight  for.  He,  was  of  opinion  that  the  other  improvement  suggested  would  be  quite  sufficient  for  locomotion,  and  in  every  other  way,  and  would  vastly  improve  St.  George's  Hall,  in  addition  to  the  other  buildings  which  were  con contemplated  templated contemplated  in  the  same  vicinity,  and  to  the  architectural  effect  of  which  a  bridge  would  be  rather  an  obstruction.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  BENNETT  replied,  and  in  the  course  of  his  observa observations  tions observations  reminded  the  Council  that  the  question  had  been  referred  back  to  the  Improvement  Committee,  principally  upon  the  subject  of  the  high  level  and  the  low  level  at  Shad's  -brow.  In  dealing  with,  the  subject,  all  that  could  be  said  pro  et  con.  was  said,  and,  in  coming  to  a  vote,  they  were  unanimous,  with  the  exception  of  two  or  three  mem members,  bers, members,  in  recommending  the  high  level  in  preference  to  the  level.  He  had  been  asked  to  withdraw  his  opposition,  and  to  endeavohr  to  induce  the  Committee  to  withdraw  their  opposition  to  the  carrying  of  the  low  level.  Now,  he  thought  that  would  not  attain  the  -  object  which  the  Committee  had  in  cominc  , STYLE=superscript  before  the  Council  ;  they  wished-  to  know  the  feeling  of  the  Council  upon  it,  which  of  course  would  go govern  vern govern  them  to  'a  great  measure,  and  he  should  therefore  much  piefer  going  to  a  vote  upon  .the  question,  .merely  saying  that  the  Committee,  after  the  best  and  fullest  consideration  they  could  give  it,  had  decided.upon  the  high  level  in  preference  to  the  other.  The  MAYOR  then  put  the  amendment,  which  was  carried  by  a  majority  of  35  to  11.  For  the  amendment—Messrs.  Aked,  Anderson,  Woodruff,  Thomson,  Bigham  '  Nicholson,  Bradley,  Moss,  Holden,  '  M'Guffie  Godfrey,  Tyler,  Holt,-  Avison,  Banner,  Jeffreys,  M'Nicoll,  Tobin,  Fleming,  Brancker,  Gardner,  Gladstone,  Lloyd,  Johnson,  Houghton,  Hodson,  Beckwith,  Henderson,  Stewart  ,'•  Itoydon,  Halhead,  Langsdale,  P  r  eston,  P  ar  k  er  ,  Wood,  Turner.  Against  it—Messrs.  Littledale,  Holme,  Gladstone,  Toul  in,  Clayton,  Wagstaff,  Picton,  Wood,  Bennett,  Sir  .  Bunt  tho  Mayor.  Mr.  nIGHAM  would  wish  to  have  it  understood  how  the  money  was  to  be  raised.  It  had  been  stated  that  there  were  not  funds  sufficient  to  complete  St.  George's  Hall  and  other  works  ;  and  while  these  were  incomplete,  he  did  not  know  how  they  could  commence  any  new  scheme.  Let  it  be  dis distinctly  tinctly distinctly  understood,  that  he  did  not  intend  to  oppose  the  im improvement,  provement, improvement,  although  he  considered  there  were  many  schemes  far  more  useful  to  be  attempted.  in  the  town.  Before  they  went  about  improving  the  approaches  to  the  town,  there  were  objects  of  utility  which  were  far  more  important.  (Hear,  hear.)  They  had  now  to  double  their  medical  staff  in  order  to  meet  the  approach  of  cholera  ;  and  there  were  many  nuisances  which  must  be  removed,  by  the  opening  of  thoroughfares  in  densely  populated  localities.  There  were  'such  places  to  be  improved.  as  Vauxhall-road,  Addison-street,  and  all  that  densely  populated  district,  where  very  few  of  those  present  ever  went,  and  which  was  as  great  a  sink  of  dirt,  filth,  and  nuisance,  as  could  possibly  be  imagined.  He  believed  if  they  were  to  attempt  to  get  rid  of  cholera,  and  to  cleanse  the  town,  they  would  appropriate  any  surplus  they  might  ••have  to  better  advantage,  than  by  turning  their  thoughts  to  the  pleasure  of  the  people  who  lived  outside  the  town,  and  who  wished  to  hive  beautiful  approaches  to  it.  Not  one  single  iota  of  advantage  would  be  derived  by  the  poor,  by  the  inhabitants  of  the  town,  or  by  the  health  of  the  town,  through  the  improvement  proposed,  and  therefore  he  would  much  rather  the  Committee  should  have  directed  their  at attention  tention attention  to  the  useful  in  preference  to  the  decorative.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  feared  he  should  be  scarcely  likely  to  get  many  supporters  there,  if  he  were  to  move  an  amendment;  but  he  thought  they  should  be  informed  by  the  Improvement  Com Committee,  mittee, Committee,  where  and  how  they  were  to  raise  the  finances.  The  necessity  for  the  improvement  should  be  very  apparent  before  they  asked  the  inhabitants  for  a  rate.  If  they  taxed  the  in inhabitants,  habitants, inhabitants,  they  should  tax  all  ;  and  as  the  decorations  to  the  approaches  of  the  town  were  only  for  the  benefit  of  those  out  of  it,  they_should  at  least  be  called  upon  to  pay  a  portion  of  it,  Air.  Alderman  TURNER  moved,  that  it  be  an  instruction  to  the  Committee  to  take  into  consideration  the  widening  of  Church-street,  between  Paradise-street  and  Parker-street,  provided  funds  were  available.  He  thought  that  a  work  of  great  necessity,  and  he  was  certain  that  they  need  not  anti anticipate  cipate anticipate  any  objection  whatever  to  it  from  the  Archdeacon  and  Rector  of  the  church.  MR.  GLADSTONE  seconded  the  motion.  Mr.  JEFFREYS  called  attention  to  the  necessity  for  widen widening  ing widening  Bark-lane.  Hopes  had  been  held  out  to  the  inhabitants  of  the  neighbourhood,  that  it  should  be  one  of  the  first  im improvements  provements improvements  made.  Mr.  GODFREY  suggested  that  Oldhall-street  should  be  also  included.  (Laughter.)  _  _  Mr.  TOULMII  ., STYLE=superscript  I  thciught  'it  right  that  Park-lane  should  be  taken  into  consideration  in  the  first  instance.  Mr  PICTON.  would  implore  of  the  Council  not  to  go  too  far  as  yet.  The  effect.  of  their  doily  , STYLE=superscript  So  would  be  to  frus frustrate  trate frustrate  their  going  to  'Parliament  at  all,  and  they  would  be  again  the  laughing-stock  of  the  whole  community..  (Hear,  hear.)  If  they  appointed  an  Improvement  Committee,  and  left  it  to  them  to  consider  and  report  upon  the  improve improvements  ments improvements  which  they  considered  necessary,  it  was  too  much  for  gentlemen  to  get  up  upon  the  spur  of  the  moment,  and  say  they  proposed  the  substitution  of  such  and  such  other  improvements.  (Hear,  hear.)  No  gentleman  could  know  better  than  Mr..  Turner  did,  that  if  such  instructions  as  those  now  proposed  were  given  to  the  Committee,  and  sanctioned  by  the  Council,  the  result  would  be.  to  prevent  them  from  going  to  Parliament  at  all  that  year.  He  would  request  of  gentlemen,  if  they  did  not  wish  to  be  placed  in  the  invidious  position  of  obstructing  everything  the  Council  wished  to  do,  that  they  would  refrain  from  heaping  any  more  burthens  upon  the  bill,  and  remember  that  it  was-the  last  'ounce,  according  to  the  proverb,  which  broke  the  horse's  back.  Mr.  dlonsox•  was  quite  satisfied  that  there  was  not  the  slightest  intention  upon  the  part  of  the  Council  to  go  to  Parliament  at  all,  ir  they  could  possibly  avoid  it.  It  was  what  had.  not  occurred  in  Liverpool  for  a  long  time.  Of  the  necessity  for  improvement  there  could  not  be  the  slightest  doubt,  but,  when  certain  committees  had  deliberated  upon  the  improvements,  and  determined  to  go  to  Parliament  for  them,  some  gentlemen  were  determined  to  obstruct  them  in  every  instance,  and,  whether  the  improvements  were  of  the  greatest  possible  necessity  or  not,  they  rose  and  offered  every  opposition.  In  regard  to  Mr.  Turner's  notice,  he  thought  there  was  no  part  of  the'town  which  required  less  alteration,  after  the  alteration  had  been  made  in  the  bottom  of  Dale Dalestreet,  street, Dalestreet,  than  Chiirch-street.  They  had  been  told  by  Mr.  Bigham  of  places  where  filth  and  disease  existed,  and  that  the  Corporate  body  ought  to  look  to  those  places  first.  He  fully  agreed  with  Mr.  Bigham,  who  had  never  spoken  nearer  to  the  truth  in  his  life  (laughter).  He  should  protest  against  gentlemen  coming  there,  and,  after  a  committee  had  been  appointed  at  a  public  towns-meeting,  and  after  another  committee  had  been  appointed  by  the  Council,  and  after  both  had  met,  day  after  day,  considered  the  question  with  great  anxiety,  and  brought  forward'  a  report,  rising  up  in  that  room  to:make  other  propositions,  and  throwing  every  obstacle  in  the  way  of  the  committee.  the  MA.YOR  wished  to  call'  the  attention  of  the  Corpora Corporation  tion Corporation  to  the  real  state  of  things.  If  they  took  out  £90,000  for  the  high-level,  there  was  then  something.  about  £250,000  which  they  were  about  sanctioning.  In  addition,  there  was  an  instruction  moved  by  111  r:  Turner,  and  seconded  by  Mr.  Gladstone,  for  the  widening  of  Church-'street,  and  it  was  quite  competent  and  quite  in  order,  to  move  another  resolu resolution  tion resolution  regarding  Park-lane.  They  would  get  to  £400,000,  or  nearly  half  a  million,  if  they  went  on  in  that  way,  and  there therefore,  fore, therefore,  the  .  question  was  now  become  a  very  serious  one,  and  he  wished  the  Council  to  understand  it.  Mr.  BENNui-r  denied  that  the  improvement  recommended  by  the  Committee  was  merely  for  the  accommodation  of  mem members  bers members  of  the  Council,  without  having  any  sanitary  effect,  and  proposed  that  the  street  as  recommended,  be  adopted.  Mr.  GARDNER  seconded  the  motion.  Mr.  BANicpu  objected  to  the  manner  in  which  the  motion  had  been  brought  forward  at  the  close  of  the  municipal  year  instead  of  at  any  early  period.  They  were'  now  forced  to  come  to  a  decision,  as  otherwise  there  would  not  be  time  to  go  to  Parliament.  He  the  Irtitation  been  taken  into  conSidera conSideration  tion conSideration  at  die  commencement  of  the  municipal  year  he  was  of  opinion  that  they  would  have  come  to  a  very  differeAt  de decision  cision decision  from  that  whisk  they  were  now  asked  to  adopt.  The  improvement  to  St.  George's  Hall  was  very  desirable,  but  lie  doubted  very  much  whether  the  line  'marked  out  was  the  best.  He  believed  a  shorter  ,  line  bould  be'  devised  at  less  expense,  and  cutting  through  quite  as  objectionablc  , STYLE=superscript  property,  but  there  was  not  time  to  think  of  these  things  when  they  were  driven,  as  in  the  present  instance,  to  the  very  last  mo moment:  ment: moment:  He  expressed  his  approval  of  the  proposed  im imlirdvempt  lirdvempt imlirdvempt  to  Church-street,  than  which,  he  thought;  a  greater  iniprovement  could  not  be  made  to  property  generallfi  and  to  the  town;  The  MAYOR  then  put  Mr,  Bennett's  motion,  which  was  carried  without  opposition.  Mr.  BENNETT  proposed  the  next  portion  of  the  recommen recommendations  dations recommendations  of  the  Committee,  referring  to  Water-street,  Lime Limekiln-lane!  kiln-lane! Limekiln-lane!  and  Bevington-bush,  which  were  also  car carried:  ried: carried:  .  Mr;  TURNER'S  motion  regarding  Church-street,  condi conditional  tional conditional  upon  their  being  funds  to  carry  it  out,  was  also  put  and  carried.  Mr.  lEFFREVS  then  moved  the  addition  of  an  instruction  regarding  Park-lane.  Mr.  TOIILMIN  seconded  the  motion,  Mr.  M'MIoLL  thought  Mr.  Jeffreys'  proposition  entitled  to  very  serions  consideration.  Although  it  was  very  impor important  tant important  that  they  should  widen  public  thoroughfares  and  ap approaches  proaches approaches  to  the  town/  he  thought  the  most  serious  considera consideration  tion consideration  should  be  given  to  the  inipthvement  of  such  a  place  .as  Perk-lane;  The  motion  was  put,  after  some  discussion,  and  thrown  out  by  a  majority  of  24  to  20.  For  the-  motion  ,  Messrs:  Woodruff;  Thomson,  Bradley,  Moss,  Tyrer,  Holme,  Jeffrey  s  /  John  Gladstone,  Jun.,  Toul Toulmin  min Toulmin  Clayton,  wagstaff,  Fleming,  Tipton,  Henderson,  Boyden,  Halhead,  John  Nelson  Wood,  and  the  Mayor.  Against  the  motion  :  Messrs.  Aked,  Bigham,  iNichelson,  MeGuffie,  Godfrey,  Littledale,  Holt,  Avison,  Banner,  Braneker,  Gardner,  Lloyd,  Johnson,  Houghton,  Hodson,  Wood,  Beckwith,  Stewart,  tingsdale,  Bennett,  Preston,  Parker,  Turner,  and  Sir  John  Bent.  ST.  GEORGE'S  HALL  COMMITTEE  The  proceedings  of  this  Committee  were  read  Mr.  Y.  B.  LLOYD  said  he  saw  from  the  Mayor's  com communication  munication communication  there  was  a  letter  from  Mr.  Cockerell,  who  had  attended  at  the  last  meeting,  and  perhaps  this  was  the  proper  time  to  have  it  read.  On  the  letter  of  Mr.  Booth  being  referred  to  the  Committee,  they  immediately  had  a  meeting  with  Mr.  Booth,  and  copies  of  his  letters  were  forwarded  to  Mr.  Cockerell.  Since  the  meeting  they  had  last  week,  having  discussed  the  question  with  Mr.  Cockerell,  he  thought  the  letter  which  had  •  been  received  from  him  would  bring  the  whole  subject  before  the  Council.  The  TOWN  CLEitx.  then  read  the  following  letter  ,  TO  TIIR  LAW  COURTS  COMMITTEE,  ST.  GEORGE'S-HALL,  AT  LIVERPOOL.  of  England,  Sept.  28,  1853.  GENTLEmtN,----Inferring  from  your  minute  of  the  19th  instant,  and  from  the  transmission  of  Mr.  Booth's  ldtters,  upon  two  prominent  and  serious  defects,'  to  whiN  that  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  now  confines  his  criticisms,  in  the  design  of  the  podium  and  steps  of  the  south  portico  of  St.  George's-hall,  submitted  by  me  in  April,  1849,  subsequently  approved  by  the  commit committee  tee committee  and  Council,  and  executed  forthwith  by  your  orders  ;  that  a  written  and  concise  reply  may  be  acceptable  to  you,  I  beg  leave  to  offer  it  accordimgly.  The  tardiness  of  these  criticisms,  only  now  before  the  Council;  and  the  great  cost  of  gratifying  their  object,  by  any  alterations  now  to  be  undertaken,  render  them  a  purely  gratuitous  occupation  of  time  to  all  parties  ;  still,  I  shall  always  be  glad,  and  do  hold  myself  ready,  at  all  times,  to  -give  account  of  the  advice  I  have  at  any  time  submitted  to  you,  although  long  ago  sanctioned  by  your  judgment  and  adoption,  and  by  the  acquiescence  of  public  opinion.  The  first  defect  is  very  erroneously  described  as  '  an  in incision  cision incision  between  the  columns  of  the  south  portico  converting  a  circular  base  into  a  square  pedestal,'  because,  in  fact,  the  base  is  circular,  and  not  converted  into  a  square;  a  plinth  is  added  to  it,  as  usual,  and,  of  course,  square,  together  with  a  low  style-bate,  not  unusual,  but  on  the  contrary,  sanctioned  by  authorities,  classical  and  modern,  in  examples  familiar  to  every  connoisseur.  It  is  satisfactory,  however,  to  the  committee  and  myself,  as  showing  in  its  untechnical  statement  the  absence  of  any  professional  and  learned  co-operation  in  Mr.  Booth's  amateur  criticisms.  The  committee  will  remember  the  difficulty  of  the  problem  left  by  my  accomplished  predecessor  ;  namely,  a  proper,  spacious  and'  handsome  descent  from  this  portico  to  the  street,  in  the  very  limited  space  allotted  for  that  purpose;  and  that,  after  consideration  had  of  the  expedient  adopted,  or  the  crippling  of  the  steps  and  landings  in  its  solution,  the  former  was  adopted  finally,  and  without  scruple,  seeing  that  it  was  sanctioned  by  examples,  classical  and  modern,  of  the  greatest  weight  and  sufficency,  Those  classical  examples  are.—the  Temple  of  Jupiter  Tonans,  in  the  Roman  Forum,—the  Temple  at  Asisi,—  the  Besilica  at  Pompii,—the  Propylea  of  Athens,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  '•  Those  modern  examples  are,—the  north  and  south  porticos  of  St.  Paul's  Cathedral—the  portico  of  the  Indian-house—the  portico  of  the  new  Post-office—the  portico  of  the  Lyceum  at  Liverpool  and  that  at  Manchester,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.,  all  works  of  great  masters  •  shewing  that  in  the  bala  n  c  e  of  us  e  an  d  conven  i  ence  with  nther  weighty  considerations,  this  so-called  defect  is  of  frequent  occurance  in  the  most  authorative  examples.  •  The  second  defect  refers  to  the  double  steps'  at  the  angles  of  the  portico.  The  Greeks  objected  to  the  use  of  steps,  in  the  ordinary  sense  of  convenient  risers  of  six  or  seven  inches  high,  as  defi deficient  cient deficient  in  dignity  and  solidity,  when  in  juxta-position  with  massive  columns  and  entablatures.  The  steps  employed  by  them  constituted  a  distinct  feature  of  architecture,  called  itilobate,  and  were  three  in  number,  always  proportioned  to  the'  diameter  of  the  Coltimn,  and,  therefore,  varying  with  that  diaitteter,  and  never  considered  as  steps  of  use,  which  were  supplied  by  subordinate  steps,  or  an  indirect  plane.  That  in  the  great  temple,  the  Olympeum,  at  Athens,  the  step  is  2  feet  7  inches.  In  the  Parthenon  it  is  1  foot  8  inches  high.  In  the  Temple  of  Theseus  it  is  1  foot  2  inchei  high  ;  and  in  the  small  Temple  on  the  Illissns  it  is  only  10  inches  high.  A  little  consideration  will  show  the  great  sense  of  this  practice,  and  the  defect  of  the  modern  and  common-place  practice  of  tlfe  accumulation  of  this  and  laminated  steps,  'as  supports,  and  in  juxta-position  with  the  magnificent  and  solid  columns  which  are  employed  in  St.  George's-hall,  and  'their  total  want  of  harmony  with  the  bulk,  solidity;  and  dignity,  with  the  noble  material  exhibited  in  this  great  work.  Although  the  great  Italians  have  in  general  followed  the  Roman  practice,  which  differed  in  this  particular  from  the  Greeks,  yet  the  force  of  this  last  argument  has  been  interest interestingly  ingly interestingly  felt  by  some  of  them,  especially  by  Vignola  in  his  theatre  at  Parma.  I  forbear  to  trouble  you  with  other  reasons  in  favour  of  the  system  employed,  which,  together  with  those  explained  above,  are  obvious  to  the  cennoisseur,.  all  which,  I  am  happy  to  believe,  have  been,  during  these  four  years,  unquestioned  by  my  learned  bretheren  in  Liverpool,  and  acquisced  in  by  them  as  reasonable  and  sound.  My  refusal  to  answer  the  cavils  of  amateur  individuals,  anonymously  printed,  or  per personally  sonally personally  declared,  unless  before  a  professional  and  competent  tribunal,  or,  at  your  request,  as  I  now  infer  it  to  be,  will,  I  am  sure,  be  easily  understood  and  admitted.  If  the  professional  advice  I  have  had  the  very  great  honour  to  submit  to  your  judgment  and  consideration  had  been  inadequate,  you  gen gentlemen,  tlemen, gentlemen,  by  the  admission  of  the  town  and  council  of  Liverpool,  and  certainly,  according  to  my  experience  at  all  times,  were  perfectly  competent  to  set  me  right,  and  most  assuredly  zealous,  at  all  times,  to  fulfil  the  arduous  and  responsible  duties  you  have  undertaken,  and  have  so  successfully  carried  out  to  the  present  moment,  and  I  have  the  honour  to  be,  gentlemen,  your  obedient  and  humble  servant,  C.  R.  Mr.  LLOYD  continued  to  say,  that  all  he  had  now  to  do,  was  to  move  the  confirmation  of  the  proceedings,  and  he  thought  the  best  answer  to  Mr.  Booth  was  to  send  him  a  copy  of  Mr.  Cockerell's  letter.  The  Committee  could  not  deal  with  it  further.  He  begged  to  move  the  confirmation  of  the  proceedings.  Mr.  STEWART  said,  if  he  understood  Mr.  Lloyd'right,  he  stated  that  there  was  to  be  an  end  to  the  matter.  He,  (Mr.  Stewart)  certainly  hoped  the  matter  would  not  end  there,  and  he  thought  the  mode  of  dealing  with  the  subject  was  not  exactly  what  they  wanted.  (Hear,  hear.)  They  might  fairly  question  whether  the  steps  were  so  disposed,  as  to  look  as  well  as  they  might.  He  regretted  they  should  be  answered  by  quoting  ancient  examples.  -  Mr.  LLOYD  :  And  modern,  too.  Mr.  STEWART  :  And  modern  ;  but  if  it  were  meant  to  convey  to  the  Council,  that  it  was  adopted  as  the  only  mode  consistent  with  good  taste  and  convenience,  he  differed  from  that  opinion.  They  adopted  the  course  from  necessity.  No  such  incision  was  made  at  the  northern  end,  because  they  were  not  the  same  pressing  reasons  on  account  of  space.  Therefore,  it  was  quite  evident  from  that,  if  the  architect  had  the  opportunity,  he  would  not  cut  into  the  pedestal  and  columns.  The  architect  had  great  difficulties  to  contend  with,  and  without  any  imputation  on  hii  taste  or  skill;  he  might-fairly  admit  the  remarks  of  Mr.  Booth,  without  at  all  imagining  there  was  any  question  about  his  classical  know knowledge,  ledge, knowledge,  or  his  great  skill.  Whatever  there  might  be  in  that  learned  letter,  he  (Mr.  Stewart)  wanted  to  know  what  they  had  to  do  with  it,  because  Greeks  placed  certain  plints  on  pedestals,  which  gave  two  feet  seven  inches  of  steps,  which  in  point  of  fact,  were  not  steps  at  all,  or  were  never  meant  to  represent  steps,—and  he  (Mr.  Stewart)  contended  that  the  appearance  of  the  southern  portico  of  St.  George's  Hall  might  be  very  much  improved,  and  that  the  admixture  of  steps,  with  double  steps,  gave  it  a  very  awkward  and  inconvenient  appearance,  by  presenting  so  many  horizontal  lines  which  were  anything  but  pleasing  to  his  .eye.  He  (Mr.  Stewart)  did  not  intend  to  call  in  question  either  the  judgment  or  taste  of  Mr.  Cockerill  ;  but  at  the  same  time  he  contended  it  was  the  duty  of  the  Council  to  give,  and  of  the  architect  to  take  any  suggestions  coming  in  a  respectful  form,  and  the  Committee  and  the  Council  were  quite  com competent  petent competent  to  pass  their  judgment  on  those  steps  (hear,  hear).  The  MAYOR  :  It  is  understood  a  copy  of  this  letter  is  to  be  sent  to  Mr.  Booth.  The  proceedings  were  then  confirmed.  MARKETS  COMMITTEE  The  proceedings  of  the  committee  contained  a  recom recommendation  mendation recommendation  to  appoint  Andrew  Tyrrell  an  inspector  of  slaughter-houses  and  meat  in  the  borough,  and  the  adoption  of,  the  following  bye-laws  That  no  person  shall  cause  any  obstruction  in,  along,  or  access  to,  or  access  any  thorough thoroughfare'  fare' thoroughfare'  within  the  borono,•by  selling,  or  offering  for  sale,  any  article  or  thing  therein,  and  this  Committee  do  approve  that"
