text
"113r1t4  Smertra  ST.  JOHN,  N.  8.,  AND  LIVERPOOL  LINE  pt  r STYLE=superscript  t  OF  PACKETS,  iso,  Appointed  to  sail  from  Liver  Tool  on  the  sth  and  20th  of  every  Month.  Ships.  Masters.  Tons.  Sails:  ROVER'S  BRIDE  Larkin  869  lst  Feb.  EUDOCIA  ..Spurr  lOl5  ..2oth  ..  JOHN  BARBOUR  'Marshall  ggo  sth  March.  IMPERIAL.  Moran....  127  9  2oth  ..  MIDDLETON  Cooper..  OB  sth  April.  JOHN  DUNCAN  PETER  MAXWELL  ....  Delany  1058  sth  May.  JOHN  OWENS  Doane  1236  ..  20th  These  fine  ships  have  been  s  p  ec  i  a  lly  se  l  ec  t  e  d  f  or  thi  s  line;  are  built  of  the  choicest  materials  in  the  province  ;  are  classed  A  1  and  coppered;  and  their  commanders  are  men  of  experience  and  ability.  Bills  of  lading,  of  which  two  captain's  copes  are  required,  will  be  signed  at  the  officelof  the  consignees,  fa  the  captain,  of  which  shippers  will  please  take  notice.  For  freight  or  passage,  for  which  these  vessels  have  excellent  accommodation,  apply,  in  St.  John,  to  Messrs.  J.  &amp;  R.  REED  ;  here  to  the  respective  Captains  on  board,  Brunswick  Dock  Basin  ;  or  to  FERNIE,  BROTHERS  &amp;  CO.,  Palmer-buildings,  Water-street,  ilultrta.  FOR  TRIESTE.  The  fine  American  Srip  GOLDEN  CROSS,  -  Captain  LITTLE.  109  i  tons  per  register.  nearly  twelve  months  old,  coppered  and  copper-fastened,  sails  remarkably  fast,  and  presents  a  favourable  opportunity  for  shippers  of  fine  good;.—Apply  for  freight  or  passage  to  the  captain  on  board  ;  or  to  .  _  SAMUEL  &amp;  WM.  PEARCE  &amp;  CO.,  Washington  Buildings,  Brunswick-street  ii.  •  ...f  •  fir,  '  .11  .‘4,,,  a  A  TESSRS.  BURNS  &amp;  MAC  IVER  beg  to  draw  the  attention  of  Shippers  r.  bil bil-0,  0,- bil-0,  -  and  Passengers  by  their  Stearn-vessels  to  the  32gth  . STYLE=superscript  &#34;'  l STYLE=superscript  '''  ... STYLE=superscript  '  section  of  the  new  Merchant  Shipping  Act,  which  is  as  follows:  person  shall  be  entitled  to  carry  in  any  ship,  or  to  require  the  master  or  owner  of  any  ship  to  carry  therein,  Aquatortis,  Oil  of  Vitriol,  Gunpowder,  or  any  other  Goods  which,  in  the  judgment  of  such  master  or  owner,  are  of  a  dangerous  nature;  and  if  any  person  carries  or  sends  by  any  ship  any  goods  of  a  dangerous  nature,  with without  out without  distinctly  marking  their  nature  on  the  outside  of  the  package  containing  the  same,  or  otherwise  giving  notice  in  writing  to  the  master  or  owner,  at  or  before  the  time  of  carrying  or  sending  the  same  to  be  shipped,  he  shall  for  every  such  offence  incur  a  penalty  not  exceeding  £100;  and  the  master  or  owner  of  any  ship  may  re refuse  fuse refuse  to  take  en  board  any  parcel  that  he  suspects  to  contain  goods  of  a  dangerous  nature,  and  may  require  them  to  be  opened  to  ascer ascertain  tain ascertain  the"
