text
"AND  THE  W  ORHINO  CLASSES  GENERALLY.  '  THE  LETTERPRESS  PRINTERS  OF  LIVERPOOL  deem  it  incumbent  Upon  them  at  the  present  important  period  in  the  history  of  their  profession,  to  address  you,  with  a  siew  to  sficure  your  co-operation  in  endeavouring  to  uphold  the  rights  of  labour.  It  is  to  be  regretted  that  we  have  among  the  Employers  of  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  men  who,  in  dealing  with  those  in  their  employ,  violate  every  .  T STYLE=superscript  rade  Regulation,  whilst,  on  th  e  ot  h  er  h  an  d  ,  they  profess,  through  the  medium  &lt;if  tile  newspapers  printed  by  them,  to  be  the  strenuous  uPholders  of  th  e  t  rue  interests  of  he  sons  of  toil.  As  we  judge  of  :itoen  by  th  i  r  actions,  and  not  by  the  utterance  they  may  give  to  cer cern  n cern  senti STYLE=superscript  ment',  we  ri STYLE=superscript  s  pect  f  ully  make  this  appeal  to  our  fellow felloworkmen,  orkmen, felloworkmen, STYLE=superscript  and  call  up.:n  them  to  strew  their  utter  contempt  of  such  hypocriti  '  ca  cant,  by  ceasing  to  purchase  newspapers  not  found  in  the  s  u  bj  o  i  ned  list.  We  feel  confident  that  by  adopting  the  course  we  recommend,  you  can  afford  us  invaluable  aid,  in  our  endeavours  to  overthrow  that  power  which  s.eks  to  reduc,  the  members  of  our  profession  to  the  condition  of  serfs.  .  Our  hop  e  i  s  t  h  at  you  will  see  the  propriety  of  cheerfully  acceding  to  our  proposition,  i  asmuch  as  we  do  not  call  upon  you  to  make  any  sacrifice,  neither  debar  yoo  fr,stin  purchasing,  at  a  cheap  rate,  the  news  of  the  day;  for  in  the  list  appended  hereto  ample  room  is  given  fir  selection,  the  pi  - STYLE=superscript  oprietors  of  which,  we  have  pleasure  in  stating,  act  up  to  the  Rules  that  we  have  adopted  for  our  guidance,  and  are  therefore  worthy  of  your  warmest  support,  which  we  trust  Tau  will  willingly  o  w  .  .  We  have  on  former  occasions  called  your  attention  to  the  course  ado,,te.i  by  some  Trade  and  Renefit  Societies,  in  giving  their  work  to  those  b  y STYLE=superscript  or  employ  boy  tabour  in  topers  who  pay  very  low  wages,  the  e STYLE=superscript  xecution  of  their  work.  We  are  not  ignorant  of  the  favourite  statement  used  by  many  of  the  working.  classes  with  regard  to  this  matter,  that  the  work  a.,  done  is  at  a  cheap  rate.  This  we  consider  f  a,..fallacy,  inasnaiich  as  inferiority  of  workmanship  is  no  proof  of  a  But  case,  w  ask  uto  con consupposing  supposing consupposing  such  to  be  the.,  yo  sitt  e  r  h  ow  man  of  ur  fellow-workmn  you  are  causig  to  suffer  by  an  endeavour  yo  to  save  a  trifling  s  u  m  ;  e STYLE=superscript  and  further,  the  n STYLE=superscript  amount  of  support  yo  u  s STYLE=superscript  dvancern  en  t  .  give  to  those  employers  who  are  antagonistic  to  our  Respectfully  calling  your  careful  attention  to  the  foregoing,  We  remain  on  behalf  of  the  Trade,  JOSEPH  A  SFITON,  President.  WILLIAM  GOODIER,  Vice-President.  WILLIAM  JONES,  Secretary.  LIST  OF  OFFICES  RECOGNISED  BY  THE  LIVERPOOL  TYPOGRAPHICAL  SOCIETY.  NEWSPAPERS.  •  (  , STYLE=superscript  ionday).,  (Wednesday)  .  (S  turday)"
