text
"MANCHESTER  CORN  MARKET,-YESTERDAY,  The  articles  in  the  market  to-day  realised  advanced  rates.  The  following  remarks  we  extract  from  the  circular  of  Mi.  Thomas  Swallow,  Old  Corn  Exchange  :—The  advance  quoted  in  London  and  Liverpool,  since  the  dato  of  my  last  respects,  has  in  the  same  period  enabled  holders  of  wheat  and  flour  here,  to  obtain  higher  prices,  but  the  sale  has  been  for  consumption,  and  of  much  less  extent  than  in  the  preceding  week.  A  speculative  feeling  has  sent  up  the  value  of  Indian  corn  and  Egyptian  beans  ;  meal  has  rallied  from  the  same  cause,  and  oats  have  brought  extreme  rates.  The  foregoing  remarks  apply  equally  to  the  trade  on  this  morning's  market  ;  in  accordance  with  the  improvement  real realized,  ized, realized,  wheat  must  be  written  fully  4d.  per  701b5.;  flour,  2s.  per  sack  and  barrel;  oats,  Id.  per  451bs.  ;  meals,  Is.  per  load;  beans,  2s.  per  quarter  ;  and  Indian  corn,  3s.  per  4801b5.,  dearer  than  on  this  day  se'nnight.  The  scat  city  of  fine  malt  enables  holders  to  obtain  higher  prices  for  such,  and  such  only,  GLASGOW  MA  RK  ETS.  —YESTERDAY.  COTTON  YARNS  —There  is  little  in  our  cotton  yarns  market  this  week,  and  prices  are  rather  in  favour  of  buyers.  PIG  IRON.—The  excitement  experienced  on  Tuesday  con continued  tinued continued  all  day  yesterday,  there  having  been  a  strange  demand  and  large  sales,  at  71s.  to  725.  for  mixed  Nos.,  closing  sellers  at  725.;  No.  1.  g.  m.  h.  is  now  quoted  at  745.  6d.  GLASGOW  WEEKLY  CORN  MARKET.  GLASGOW,  26th  OcToBER,  1853.  We  have  again  to  advise  a  good  arrival  of  wheat,  chiefly  from  the  Black  Sea,  with  1760  bolls  from  America.  The  supply  of  oats  is  also  good,  and  barley  and  beans  to  a  fair  extent.  On  wheat  we  have  to  note  a  fresh  advance  of  Is.  to  Is.  6d.  per  boll,  and  on  flour  of  Is.  to  2s.  per  sack  and  barrel,  with  •  good  business  in  both  to  the  trade  and  on  speculation.  Oats  are  more  inquired  for,  and  the  full  quotations  of  last  week  are  obtained.  Holders  now  looking  for  more  money.  The  few  fine  days  of  last  week  were  followed  by  even  heavier  rains  and  higher  winds  than  before,  and  the  ground  is  perfectly  saturated.  At  this  day's  market  the  advanced  prices  rather  checked  tho  tendency  to  an  extensive  bueineeo,  ball  sales  were  effected  at  ls.  to  2s.  per  boll  advance  on  the  week,  and  at  a  corresponding  ad  Barley  vanceo  w  n  floura.s  held  Oats STYLE=superscript  for  6  wer  d.  rather  m  e  ore  m  dearer,.  and  and  more  easily  sold.  gorrtOpotarena.  TIDE  MUNICIPAL  ELECTION.  TO  THE  BURGESSES  OF  PITT-STREET  WARD  Permit  me  again  earnestly  to  address  you  with  a  few  remarks  bearing  upon  those  principles  that  should  govern  high-souled  men  in  the  exercise  of  their  franchise  - STYLE=superscript  ,  and  which,  I  hope,  nay  have  some  little  effect  in  inducing,  not  only  you,  but  also  your  future  representatives  in  the  Council,  fearlessly  to  unfurl  aloft  the  standard  of  independence  ;  in  fact,  to  break  up  those  cliques,  those  bar-parlour  deter determinations,  minations, determinations,  and  those  shameless  derelictions  from  integrity  of  purpose,  which  have  disgraced,  and  continue  to  disgrace,  the  nominees,  not  of  Wards,  but  of  secret  and  self-interested  cabals.  Those  who  sow  the  wind,  shall  reap  the  whirl  wind  those  who  suffer  corrupt  motives  to  influ influence  ence influence  them,  shall  justly  reap  contempt.  The  trite triteness  ness triteness  of  the  European  adage,  borne  out  by  a  concordance  of  historical  - STYLE=superscript  facts,  that  Paris  is  is  fully  acknowledged.  Let  the  Parisian  canaille  want  bread,  and  they  quickly  dethrone  and  behead  a  Louis  the  XVI.  Shrinking  ;  horrified  from  the  guillotine,  the  demon  raised  by  their  own  incantations,  and  their  demagogues'  sole  law,  in  the  avalanche  of  their  terror  and  rage,  the  first  Napoleon  is  heaved  up.  Gifted  with  a  mind  of  almost  universal  greatness,  and,  like  the  warlike  monk,  Richelieu,  embodying  into  a  fixed  idea  the  Glory  of  France,  he  still  lives  the  idol  of  their  affections,  although  in  his  birth  and  death  he  was  an  alien  to  their  soil.  Another  age  fleets  away,  and  its  vitality  quickens  a  new  generation  into  life,  and  again  the  same  episode  is  repeated.  The  destiny  of  monarchs  is  seen  to  hang  upon  as  frail  a  thread  as  the  sword  suspended  over  the  head  of  the  crouching  Damocles.  This  unit  amongst  numbers—this  city  of  an  empire  will  exalt  no  deity  but  he  who  reflects  the  symbol  of  their  principle.  Contented  with  a  shadow,  Frenchmen  can  cheerfully  see  their  rights  of  freedom  trampled  in  the  dust—their  patriots  exiles  in  distant  lands—a  mortal's  will  their  sole  law—and  a  venal  press  completing  the  sum  of  their  degradation.  Happily,  such  is  not  the  case  in  England.  .In  this  comparatively  favoured  land,  the  metropolis  no  more  rules  the  destiny  of  the  country  than  the  Prime  Minister  the  Cabinet,  or  the  Cabinet  the  House  of  Commons.  Whence  owe  we  this  liberty  ?  I  answer—mainly  to  the  honest  exercise  of  the  elective  power  of  the  people.  -  -  -  Slrall  •  we  fall  back  upon  history,  and  trace  its  progress  onwards  ?  Shall  we  see  how  a  series  of  oppressions,  ending  in  the  illegal  taxation  of  ship shipmoney,  money, shipmoney,  and  resisted  to  the  death  by  a  gallant  and  resolved  House  of  Commons,  freed  England,  at  a  blow,  from  Charles  I.  and  the  .  terrors  of  absolu absolutism?  tism? absolutism?  But  why  recount  facts  of  history  already  patent  to  all  reflective  minds  ?  Why  trace  the  down downfall  fall downfall  of  state-pensioners  and  hereditary  law-givers,  and  their  bill  of  claims,  dishonoured  by  the  people  ?  Why  speak  of  the  noble  minds,  imbued  with  talent,  energy,  and  fearless  rectitude  of  purpose,  daily  recruited  from  their  ranks  ?  Such  men  were  those,  at  first  a  small  unheeded  band,  but  gathering  force  as  they  proceeded,  from  the  goodness  of  their  cause  and  the  grandeur  of  the  truths  they  proclaimed,  who  carried,  against  the  most  selfish  of  oppositions,  the  repeal  of  the  corn cornlaws  laws cornlaws  of  Great  Britain.  These  changes,  wonderful  in  their  effects,  and  beautiful  in  their  nature,  have  been  brought  about  by  the  intelligence  of  the  people,  and  by  the  use,  not  the  abuse,  of  their  franchise.-  But  if  great  truths  and  principleS  are  not  only  enunciated,  but  also  carried  into  operation,  it  is  be because  cause because  men  of  iron  energy  and  determined  will,  seize  upon  them  and  wield  them  like  . STYLE=superscript  a  flail,  to  rouse,  up  the  lazy  apathy  and  self-prostration  of  the  masses.  Through  the  Press,  and  on  the  rostrum,  do  they  appeal  unremittingly  for  their  sympathy  and  sup support—endeavouring  port—endeavouring support—endeavouring  to  educate  them  not  only  to  know,  but  to  maintain,  the  rights  so  hardly  won  for  them.  Their  preaching  has  caused  close  boroughs,  corporate  jobbery,  sinecures,  and  place-men,  to  stink  in  the  nostrils  of  the  people  Acknowledg Acknowledging  ing Acknowledging  these  to  be  home-truths,  why  do  we  suffer  them  to  exist  ?  Why  not  strike  a  blow  for  principle  ?  Why  suffer  longff,  small  coteries  to  thrust  upon  us  their  own  creatures  to  be  our  representatives  in  the  council-chamber—endeavouring,  by  subterfuge,  artifice,  and  private  flattery,  to  place  them  in  a  ..11  ..*lt  V  V  ...11Jvhadl..1,  V  Lad  only  blazon  their  shame  ?  It  is  for  the  Electors  to  :decide  whether  this  system  shall  longer  con continue  tinue continue  ;  for  it  is  in  their  power  to  render  a  council  membership  truly  a  post  of  honour  and  dignity.  Therefore,  I  call  upon  the  burgesses  of  Pitt-street  Ward,  to  show  an  example  to  Liverpool,  by  the  re record  cord record  of  their  votes  on  Tuesday,  ignoring  anything  but  constitutional  principle..  Two  addresses  are  before  them,  and  also  two  candidates.  Let  them  then,  without  fear,  prejudice,  or  favour,  exercise  the  power  of  suffrage  in  favour  of  the  best  and  most  able  man.  If  Mr.  Jeffreys  possesses  the  business  talent,  the  eloquence,  or  the  energy  of  his  opponent—if,  through  a  long  life,  he  has  been  known  to  range  himself  on  the  people's  side,  to  struggle  for  their  claims—if  he  has  exposed  fearlessly  combinations  to  do  wrong—if,  where  vast  schemes  of  finance,  education,  or  works  of  public  utility  have  bean  on  the  tapis,  his  voice  has  been  heard  in.  the  war  of  words,  or  his  pen  most  active  for  the  right—then  vote  for  him.  But  if  not,  as  burgesses,  as  conscientious  citizens,  you  are  bound  by  the  laws  of  public  duty  and  pri private  vate private  morality,  to  vote  for  Mr.  John  Smith,  whose  actions  and  character  will  reflect  lasting  honour  on  your  choice.  At  the  same  time,  you  will  assert  the  great  pre prerogative  rogative prerogative  of  an  Englishman—his  right  to  form  an  unbiassed  and  upright  Judgment,  joined  to  an  ear earnestness  nestness earnestness  of  purpose  that  nothing  but  what  is  open,  manly,  and  English,  can  influence.  A  COSMOPOLITAN,  BUT  NOT  A  BURGESS  OF  PITT-STREET  WARD  Liverpool,  Oct.  28,  1853.  COUNTY'  COURT.  --Y  EBTET  DAY  The  County  Court  sat  at  the  usual  hour  yesterday  HAGAR  v.  RICHARDSON.  This  was  an  action  brought  to  recover  £lO,  for  damage  done  to  the  plaintiff,  Mrs;  Hagar,  by  a  cart  belonging  to  the  defendant  having  come  into  collision  with  a  car  in  which  she  was  driving.  Mr.  Grocott  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Hime  for  the  defendant.  It  appeared  that  between  eight  and  nine  o'clock  on  the  30th  of  July,  the  plaintiff  was  driving  along  Hatton-garden,  from  Tithebarn-street  to  Dale-street,  when  the  cart  belonging  to  the  defendant  came  into  collision,  and  plaintiff  was  thrown  out  and  injured.  The  action  was  brought  to  recover  the  amount  of  a  surgeon's  bill,  and  compensation  for  loss  of  time.  The  defence  raised  was  that  the  occurrence  had  not  taken  place  through  negligence,  and  also  that  the  defendant  was  not  liable,  as  the  cart  was  at  the  time  in  the  use  of  another  party,  who  was  a  sub-con sub-contractor  tractor sub-contractor  to  defendant.  The  court  deferred  judgment  until  Monday  next.  314EORGE  v.  HOBS.—In  this  case  an  action  was  brought  by  Miss  Margaret  M'George,  to  recover  £ll  18s.  3d.,  rent  of  a  house,  from  Mr.  George  Dixon  Hore,  executor  of  the  will  of  Mr.  Ralph  Abram.  Mr.  Grocott  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Greatley  for  the  defence.  The  question  raised  in  the  case  was  whether  the  defendant  having  given  up  the  house  without  the  consent  of  the  owner,  was  liable  for  the  rent  accruing  after  quitting  it,  and  upon  the  part  of  the  defence  it  was  stated  that  Mr.  Cobb,  agent  for  the  plaintiff,  had  undertaken  upon  his  own  authority  that  plaintiff  would  consent  to  take  the  houses  off  defendant's  hands  at  once.  The  Court  expressed  a  wish  to  have  the  evidence  of  Miss  M'George  herself  produced,  in  order  to  as ascertain  certain ascertain  what  authority  she  had  given  to  the  agent.  His  Honor  added  that  the  argument  brought  forward  'by  Mr.  Greatley  had  a  great  deal  of  weight.  Mr.  Greatley  said  true  it  was,  that  the  agent  had  made  a  statement  inconsis inconsistent  tent inconsistent  with  that  of  Mr.  Hore.  Mr.  Hore  stated  that  Mr.  Cobb  told  him  that  Miss  M‘George  would  release  him,  and  as  Mr.  Hore  had  certainly  given  his  evidence  in  a  clearer  manner,  he  should  give  the  preference  to  him.  It  was  then  argued  very  fairly  that  if  Mr.  Cobb  could  not  be  relied  upon  for  the  one  statement  he  could  not  be  relied  upon  for  the  other,  and  therefore  Miss  M'George  ought  to  be  produced  herself  to  say  what  authority  she  gave  him.  He  thought  it  right  to  say  that  he  did  not  attribute  the  manner  in  which  Mr.  Cobb  gave  his  evidence  to  any  , STYLE=superscript  desire  to  mislead,  but  merely  that  there  was  some  confusion  in  it.  His  present  opinion  was,  that  even  if  Miss  M'George's  agent  ,  did  com-  rriunicate  to'the  defendant  that  his  principal  would  release  them  from  the  house,  it  did  not  bind  the  principal,  unless  it  could  be  shown  that  the  agent  was  especially  authorized  to  make  such  an  arrangement.  The  ordinary  duties  of  an  agent  might  be  performed  without  such  an  arrangement,  and  the  principal  would  be  bound  by  them,  but  in  such  a  case  as  that  it  was  his  opinion  that  a  special  authority  should  be  shown.  The  case  was  therefore  ordered  to  stand  over  to  the  11th  of  November,  for  the  production  of  Miss  M‘George's  evidence."
