text
"LONDON  CRIMINAL  COURT.  Two  parties  named  Connor,  man  and  wife,  were  indicted  at  this  court,  for  having  caused,  by  culpable  neglect,  the  death  of  their  own  child.  The  prisoners,  when  called  upon  for  their  defence,  told  a  rambling  and  almost  unintelligible  tale,  the  burden  of  which  was  that  they  had  always  done  all  in  their  power  to  support  and  provide  for  their  children.  Mr.  Justice  Taltourd  then  summed  up,  and  the  jury,  after  a  short  deliberation,  returned  a  verdict  of  guilty  against  both  prisoners.  The  learned  Judge,  in  passing  sentence,  said  that  this  was  a  melancholy  instance  of  the  dreadful  consequences  resulting  from  habits  of  intemperance,  and  it  was  dreadful  to  think  that  two  persons  who  were  in  a  position  to  earn  such  an  amount  of  wages  as  it  had  been  proved  they  could,  if  they  chose,  have  earned,  should  be  in  such  a  miserable  and  wretched  condition,  and  by  their  gross  neglect  and  want  of  proper  feeling  have  occasioned  the  death  of  their  own  child.  He  then  ordered  them  to  be  imprisoned  and  kept  to  hard  labour  for  nine  months.  When  the  sentence  was  pronounced,  the  female  prisoner  entreated  his  lordship  to  have  mercy  upon  her,  declaring  that  she  could  never  undergo  such  a  sentence.  Upon  an  order  being  given  for  her  removal,  she  became  very  violent,  and  as  she  was  taken  away  she  exclaimed,  Bad  luck  to  you  NEW  COURT.—Joseph  Legg,  36,  shipwright,  pleaded  to  marrying  Ann  Maria  Davey,  his  first  wife  being  alive.  Re  married  his  first  wife  at  Liverpool  in  1849,  and  his  second  iu  November  last,  and  the  most  remarkable  part  of  the  affair  was,  that  the  marriage  took  place  during  thecourt thecourtship  ship thecourtship  of  his  second  wife,  whose  accepted  suitor  he  had  been  for  eight  years.  He  was  sentenced  to  12  months'  imprisonment.  RAILWAY  TAXATION.—The  total  amount  of  railway  taxation,  for  the  year  ending  January  last,  exclusive  of  parochial  rating,  and  consisting  chiefly  of  taxation  upon  passengers,  amounted  to  £280,144.  THE  FIISION.—The  Frankfort  Gazette  informs  its  readers  that  it  is  empowered  to  state  that  the  engagements  or  acknowledgments  made  at  Frohsdorff  by  the  Duke  de  Ne Nemours  mours Nemours  were  not  made  by  the  authority  or  on  account  of  the  Duchess  d'  Orleans,  who  has  not  acknowledged  the  trans transaction  action transaction  in  any  way.  Letters  from  Vienna  of  the  27th  in informs  forms informs  us  that  the  Duke  and  Duchess  of  Nemours  and  the  Duke  of  Coburg  dined  with  the  Comte  de  Chambord  on  the  previous  clay.  A  Loci'  BROOMITIGHLANDmAN,(says  the  Forres  Gazette),  who  had  never  seen  a  railway,  one  day  last  week  took  his  seat  in  one  of  the  carriages  of  the  Morayshire  railway  from  Lossiemouth  to  Elgin.  On  the  train  entering  the  loch  of  Spynie,  nain  sel  got  terribly  frightened,  and  bawled  out  at  the  top  of  his  voice,  Stop,  stop,  stop,  she's  a',  a'  clean  wrang  ;  och,  och,  in  te  sea,  in  te  Nor  was  he  satisfied  a',  a',  was  right  till,  on  alighting  at  the  Elgin  station,  he  minutely  examined  to  and  expressed  his  surprise  to  see  them  dry,  eftir  runnin'  threw  to  On  observing  the  passengers  laughing  at  him,  he  scampered  off.  •  THE  EYELASHES  AND  EYEBROWS.—In  Circassia,  Georgia,  Persia,  and  India,  one  of  the  mother's  earliest  cares  is  to  promote  the  growth  of  her  children's  eyelashes,  by  tipping  and  removing  the  fine  gossamer-like  points  with  a  pair  of  scissors,  when  they  are  asleep.  By  repeating  this  every  month  or  six  weeks,  they  become,  in  time,  long,  close,  finely  curved,  and  of  a  silky  gloss.  The  practice  never  fails  to  produce  the  desired  effect,  and  it  is  particularly  useful  when,  owing  to  inflammation  of  the  eyes,  the  lashes  have  been  thinned  or  stunted.—Rowland  on  the  Hair.  DESIGN  OF  THE  MANCHESTER  MEMORIAL  TO  WEL WELLINGTON.—The  LINGTON.—The WELLINGTON.—The  figure  of  Wellington  occupies  the  eentre,  and  round  are  grouped  statues  of  Lord  Hill,  Sir  E.  Paken Pakenham,  ham, Pakenham,  General  Crauford,  Lord  Lynedoch,  and  Lord  Fitzroy  Somerset.  The  pedestal  is  supported  at  the  angles  by  .  groups  of  flags  representing  those  of  English,  Scottish,  Irish,  and  Welsh  regiments.  The  body  of  the  monument  is  festooned  with  triumphal  garlands,  and  the  freizo  is  decorated  with  wreaths  of  laurel.  In  the  spaces  which  intervene  are  panels  in!which  the  sculptor  intends  to  introducemedallionportraits  of  Gough,  Hardinge,  Colborne,  Sidney,  Beckwith,  and  Wil William  liam William  Napier,  the  historian  of  all  the  great  deeds  of  the  Peninsula.  AUSTRALIAN  MUGRATION.—The  one  of  the  finest,  safest,  and  most  commodious  of  the  ships  of  The  Fox  will  proceed  into  the  river  to-day,  prepared  to  take  her  departure  for  Australia.  The  has  a  full  complement  of  passengers,  both  in  the  cabins  and  steer steerage.  age. steerage.  The  first  cabin,  we  understand,  has  all  the  accommo accommodation  dation accommodation  which  can  be  had  in  a  first-class  hotel—splendid  saloons,  with  drawing-rooms,  and  berths  fitted  with  that  attention  to  elegance  and  comfort  which  distinguishes  Fox  The  second  cabins  possess  every  characteristic  of  a  well-furnished  house,  and  the  steerage  passengers  have  the  advantage  of  abundant  room—lofty  'tween  decks—and  tidy,  neat,  and  airy  sleeping  rooms.  In  fact,  whatever  can  constitute  to  health,  safety,  and  satisfaction,  has  been  cared  for  by  the  experienced  and  favourite  agents  who  have  the  management  of  the  The  provisioning  of  the  ship  it  is  unnecessary  to  speak  of—all  who  know  the  agents  know  that  every  elegance,  abundance,  and  even  luxury  preside  over  that  department;  and  we  believe  that  the  owners  of  the  'Messrs.  Magee  and  Levingston,  have  invariably  in  this,  as  in  everything  within  their  compass,  given  the  utmost  satisfaction  to  those  who  have  shipped  on  board  their  numerous  vessels.  This  goodly  ship  will  not  leave  the  river  before  Monday  or  Tuesday,  and  we  most  heartily  wish  her  a  speedy,  as  we  predict  she  will  make,  a  safe  and  prosperous  voyage.  Whether  there  are  any  berths  yet  undisposed  of  we  know  not  ;  but  if  there  should  be,  no  doubt  Mr.  Fox  will  have  abundant  candidates  for  their  engagement.  We  believe  the  will  be  followed  by  the  of  the  same  line  and  belonging  to  the  same  owners.  THE  PRESTON  STRIKE  AND  THE  LONDON  TRADES.—  On  Thursday  night  an  adjourned  meeting  of  the  delegates  from  the  various  trade  societies  of  the  metropolis,  was  held  at  the  Bell  Inn,  Old  Bailey,  for  the  purpose  of  organising  efficient  means  of  support  to  the  Preston  operatives  during  their  struggle  with  their  employers  ;  Mr.  Green  of  the  National  Association  of  Trades,  in  the  chair.  Numerous  delegates  reported  the  result  of  their  visits  to  trade  meetings  during  the  past  week,  the  tenor  of  which  was  uniformly  favourable  to  the  Preston  operatives,  although  it  appeared  that  in  many  cases  some  considerable  time  must  elapse  before  material  aid  could  be  rendered.  Amongst  the  sub subscriptions  scriptions subscriptions  announced  as  already  voted  were,  the  society  of  amalgamated  engineers,  £l5O,  with  a  promise  of  further  aid  if  necessary  ;  cork-cutters,  £2O  ;  brush  makers,  £5O  ;  tinplate-workers,  £26  ;  bootmakers  (branch),  £3O.  It  was  stated  by  the  secretary  that  the  committee  had  entered  into  correspondence  with  trade  societies  throughout  the  kingdom,  and  the  result  would  be  a  considerable  amount  of  pecuniary  aid  from  the  provinces.  Mr.  Mawdsloy,  secretary  to  the  Manchester  cotton  spinners,  who  had  just  arrived  from  that  district,  addressed  the  delegates  upon  the  position  of  the  Preston  operatives,  and  expressed  his  confidence  in  the  re result  sult result  of  the  struggle,  but  developed  no  new  features  in  the  contest.  Ultimately  it  was  resolved  that  renewed  exertions  should  be  made  to  render  substantial  aid  to  the  operatives,  and  for  that  purpose  a  permanent  secretary  and  treasurer,  with  an  executive  committee,  were  appointed:"
