text
"it  should  clairvoyant,  though  being  most  remarka  uperior  all  that  belongs  to  th  cholar,  the  man  of  experience,  practical  knowledge,  and  the  gentle.  man.  In  this  brazen  age  a  man  is  thought  scarcely  worth  his  salt,  if  be  has  not  studiously  cultivated  an  acquaintance  with  a  majestic  brass  knocker,  and  does  not  carry  about  him  the  peculiar  swagger,  and  self-esteem,  which  long  association  and  liberal  admixture  with  that  metal  impart  to  the  would-be  sons  of  'profundity  !  Men  can  carry  but  little  lead,  and  less  gold,  but  they  may  measure  strength  with  the  horse,  the  ox,  or  the  camel,  when  it  comes  to  brass  They  never  bow  or  bend  under  the  burden,  or  wince  under  the  lash  ;  and  therefore  ail  we  can  do  in  the  present  case  is,  earnestly  to  request,  that  on  all  future  occasions,  when  our  cotemporary  may  and  on  his  desk  letters  addressed  to  the  Editor  of  this  paper,  he  will  advertise  them  as  com communications  munications communications  which  have  gone  astray,  that  we  may  send  for  them,  and  save  him  the  trouble  of  forwarding  them  to  us.  We  have  waited  two.days  for  some  explanation  with  regard  to  this  very  singular  affair  ;  and  our  cotemporary  cannot,  consequently,  think  us  premature  in  making  the  remarks  we  have,  and  leaving  the  public  to-forth  their  own  opinion  of  a  transaction  which,  we  are  proud  to  say,  is  as  uncommon  in  the  newspaper  world,  as  it  is  held  to  be  unwarrantable  in  the  more  private  walks  of  life.  TI-LE  COUR,I  WINDSOR,  Jan.  l.  7  —The  Duke  of  Cambridge  and  the  Duke  of  Newcastle  arrived  yesterday  afternoon  on  a  visit  to  her  Majesty.  The  dinner  party  included  the  Duchess  of  Kent,  the  Princess  Royal,  the  Duke  of  Cambridge,  Prince  Ernest  of  Leiningen,  Prince  Edward  of  Saxe  Weimar,  the  Duke  of  Newcastle,  Lady  Fanny  Howard,  Baroness  de  Speth,  the  Hon.  Mary  Seymour,  Sir  George  Cowper,  Mr.  and  Lady  Frances  Baillie,  and  Colonel  Tyr Tyrwhitt.  whitt. Tyrwhitt.  After  dinner  her  Majesty  had  an  evening  party.  The  Queen's  private  band  attended.  This  being  New  Year's-  ',  the  band  of  th,  tad  Life  Guards  a  ssembled  on  the  -e  at  seven  o'clock  this  morning,  and  performed  a  selection  of  favourite  airs.  Her  Majesty's  annual  dis distribution  tribution distribution  of  food  and  clothing  to  upwards  of  600  poor  persons  of  the  Windsor  and  Clewer  parishes  took  place  this  morning  in  the  Riding-house  of  the  Castle.  The  Queen  and  Prince,  accompanied  by  the  whole  of  the  royal  family,  the  Duke  of.  Cambridge,  Prince  Ernest  of  Leiningen,  and  the  Duke  of  Newcastle,  attended  by  the  ladies  and  geneemen  of  the  household,  _proceeded  to  the  house  at  a  quarter  before  ten  o'clock,  to  witness  ribution,  which  was  arranged  under  the  direction  of  1.  and  Very  Rev.  the  Dean  of  Windsor,  the  clergy  of  I  Clewer,  and  the  district  vilitors  for  the  The  .  members  of  the  Clothing  Club,  •  -  :.qty's  patronage,  received  at  ast  terra  l'li  n'  relief  of  the  established  under  her  the  same  time  articles  of  clothing,  according  to  the  amount  of  th*,  contributions,  with  the  addition  provided  by  her.  Majesky,...,  In  the  evening  Mehul's  sacred  drama  of  was  performed  in  St.  George's-hall,  by  an  orchestra  or  nearly  ode  indred  and  forty  executants  The  persons  repieienied  •  musica  l  ly  ere  as  follows  youngest  son  of  Jacob:*  Madan  .o;  Joseph  (Paaneah),  3/1--  3.eeye,gs  Arscot),  bi:  s  ;  Simeon,  euben,  I  Jac(  srs.  Benson,  Monte,,  au  p  7  ptian,  Mr.  ThOira  sons  of  Jacob  (semi-chorus),  Messrs.  G.;  n,  of  All  Saints  le  choir  !'ea  havir  vxsu.ith,  saug  several  hymns  and  pieces  and  a  most  delightful  evening  was  spent  Tat  NEW  MII3IC-HALL  AT  CllESTElL—Yesterday  morn morning  ing morning  the  magnificent  organ  which  has  just  been  completed  by  Mr.  Jackson,  of  this  town,  for  the  row  Music-hall,  at  Chester,  was  opened  with  the  performance  of  the  sub sublime  lime sublime  Oratorio  of  the  Messiah.  A  brilliant  assemblage  of  the  aristocracy  of  the  county,  and  of  the  principal  inhabi inhabitants  tants inhabitants  of  the  city,  filled  the  hell  on  the  occasion,  and  amongst  tbese  present  were  the  Marquis  and  Marchioness  of  Westminster,  the  Earl  and  Oqntitess  Grosvenor,  and  a  large  party  from  Eaton  Hall:  Sir  Stephen  and  Lady  Glynne,  and  the  Right  Hon.  W.  E.  Gladstone  and  lady.  The  performance  of  the  Oratorio  commenced  at  twelve  o'clock,  and  some  time  before  that  hour  the  company  had  taken  tbpir  seats,  and  the  spacious  blinding  was  filled.  Madame  Rudersdorf  sang  the  principal  soprano  parts,  and  was  frequently  enthusiastically  applauded,  more  especially  in  I  know  that  my  Redeemer  Lockey,  who  is  in  splendid  voice,  algo  sang  the  different  parts  allotted  to  him  with  great  effect.  In  all  the  choruses,  but  more  particularly  in;the  the'immense  power  and  tine  volume  of  tone  of  the  instrument  were  admirably  displayed  by'A4..  Gunton,  the  organist  at  the  Cathedral,  who  presided  on  the  occasion.  Mr.  Gunton  pronounced  it  to  be  one  of  the  noblest  instruments:of  the  kind  that  he  ever  played  upon.  Mr.  C.  Halle,  of  London,  acted  as  conductor.  The  instrumentalists  were  chiefly  from  London.  -  The  choruses  throughout  were  well  per performed,  formed, performed,  and  altogether  the  Oratorio  was  most  e  ffective.  Last  evening  a  grand  miscellaneous  concert  was  to  take  place,  in  which  the  same  artistes  that  appeared  at  the  morning  performance.would  take  part,  and  there  would  also  be  an  organ  performance:  •  The  Queen  has  appointed  the  Hon.  Peter  Campbell  Scarlett,  C.  8.,  now  Secretary  to  her  Majesty's  Legation  at  Florence,  to  be  her  Majesty's  Envoy  Extraordinary  and  Minister  Plenipotentiary  to  the  Emperor  of  Brazil.  The  Commissioners  in  Lunacy  have  (with  the  approba approbation  tion approbation  of  the  Lord  Chancellor)  appointed  John  Forster,  of  the  Inner  Temple,  E,cl.,  barrister  at  law,  to  be  their  Secretary,  on  the  resignation  of  R.  W.  S.  Lutwidge,  Esq.,  appointed  a  Commissioner.  THE  BELGIAN  AND  AMBIIIDAN  MAIL  STEAMERS.--•  The  Belgian  steamer  Belgique,  which  arrived  at  South Southampton  ampton Southampton  an  Monday  night,  on  her  first  voyage  to  America,  wilt  be  delayed  several  days  in  consequence  of  two  of  her  boilers  having  started.  SARDINIA.—From  a  statement  published  in  the  Pied Piedmontese  montese Piedmontese  Gazet  , STYLE=superscript  e,  it  appears  that  dtiring  the  first  eleven  month,  of  1855  the  customs  of  the  kingdom  of  Sardinia  have  produced  40,1C9,362fr.,  being  2,477,1771  r.  more  than  they  yielded  during  the  corresponding  period  of  1854•  Sr.  Pour,  AND  ST.  BARNADAS.—Strenuous  efforts  are  being  made  by  the  tractarians  to  raise  funds  for  defending  the  case  of  the  Hon.  and  Rev.  Mr.  Liddell,  in  the  Court  of  Arches,  to  which  it  is  to  be  carried  at  the  request  of  the  rev.  gentleman.  It  will  be  tried,  in  all  probability,  in  Easter  term  by  Sir  John  Dodson.  A  SuccEssFri,  EMIGRANT.—We  have  been  informed  by  the  friends  of  Mr.  Francis,  who  was  formerly  a  printer  in:  this  town,,  that,  after  labouring  for  some  time  with  little  .success  at  .he  diggins,!'  he  took  at  last  some  gold,  out  of  one  hole,  worth  to  him  alone  118,000.  He:  is  still  residing  iniine  of  the  canvas  towns  the  country,  where'  he  has  started  .a  newspaper.—Brigh6n  Examiner.  THE  PEAC  E  BUBBLE.—L7Iie  Post  contains  another  of  its  double-leaded  leaders,  which  assume  to  speak  is  semi semiofficial  official semiofficial  language.  Brt“he  article  of  this  morning  does  not  communicate  a  single  new  Giet.  The  writer  takes  kik  tex.Lithe  Russian  counter  propOsitioii  transmitted:  comes  to  the  cc  usion  that  se  it  can  scarcely  be  cxpeted  pt  the  condit  timathin  SVV  DI.E"
