text
"DETAILS  OF  TILE  BATTLE  OF  OLTENITZA  The  special  military  correspondent  of  a  London  paper,  writing  from  Turtukai  on  the  night  of  the  4th,  gives  the  following  details  of  the  battle  which  took  place  that  day  at  Oltenitza,  and  will  be  read  with  intense  interest.  They  are  very  vivid  in  lan language  guage language  and  descriptions  of  positions.  Yesterday,  troops  crossed  hourly  to  the  quaran quarantine  tine quarantine  station,  with  their  entrenching  tools.  Boats  laden  with  gabions  landed  them  close  by.  The  field  of  the  telescope  shows  grey  mites  carrying  grist  to  the  mill  in  the  shape  of  gabions.  At  the  station,  gabion  after  gabion  may  - STYLE=superscript  be  seen  placed,  gradually  extending  the  parapet  from  the  station  to  the  left  bank  of  the  Argisch  river.  On  the  other  flank  the  entrenchment  runs  down  to  the  Danube.  About  one  p.m.  the  Cossacks  advanced  on,  the  chasseurs  covering  the  working  party.  A  few  shots  were  interchanged,  and  by  two  p.m.  four  squadrons  of  cavalry  and  two  guns  debouched  from  the  vil village  lage village  of  Oltenitza,  with  about  500  or  600  Cossacks  in  skirmishing  order.  They  were  making  a  -recon -reconnoissance,  noissance, -reconnoissance,  for  as  soon  as  they  had  received  about  six  or  seven  shots  from  the  Turkish  artillery  in  the  entrenchment,  with  a  few  from  the  right  bank  of  the  Danube,  they  retired  out  of  shot,  and  remained  on  the  same  spot  watching  the  Turks  till  nightfall.  A.  second  regiment  of  cavalry,  with  two  guns,  like.  wise  made  its  appearance  by  a  wood  on  the  road  to  Oltenitza,  as  well  as  a  regiment  of  infantry  with  the  baggage.  -  -  -  On  the-  part.  the  Turks,  a  field  battery  of  artil artillery,  lery, artillery,  and  a  number  of  boat-loads  of  infantry,  were  sent  as  a  reinforcement.  This  evening  the  usual  cheer  by  the  Turkish  troops  at  sunset  was  very  marked  and  heaity,  given  as  it  was  from  either  bank,  and  by  boat-loads  of  the  reinforcing  troops.  _  _  _  En  passanCit  may  be  mentioned  that  the  Turk Turkish  ish Turkish  troops  have  every  confidence  in  their  present  efficiency,  in  comparison  to  what  it  was  during  the  last  war  with  Russia;  as  well,  indeed,  as  in  the  talent  of  the  general  who  commands  them—a  feel feeling  ing feeling  which  gains  ground  daily.  That  distinguished  officer  was  heard  to  remark,  what  appears  to  be  the  unmitigated  truth,  that  things  are  changed  now.  Formerly  the  Turks  drew  the  sword  to  make  con conquests,  quests, conquests,  and  in  doing  so  doubtless  committed  great  barbarities  ;  but  now  it  was  drawn  in  defence  of  liberty  and  This  day  (Nov.  4),  I  hope,  will  be  memorable,  as  on  it  was  fought  as  gallant  an  action  as  history  can  record.  During  the  morning  not  a  soldier  of  the  Russian  force  was  to  be  seen.  The  whole  country  was  scanned  by  eager  eyes  straining  themselves  through  every  imaginable  species  of  telescope,  binocle,  jumelle,  &amp;c.  They,  however  failed  in  de detecting  tecting detecting  aught  but  an  empty  village,  and  an  open  plain.  Later  a  cavalry  picket  was  discovered;  which  led.people  to  suppose  that  they  were  not  quite  alone—a  supposition  most  fully  realised  after afterwards  wards afterwards  ;  for  at  about  twelve,  or  half-past,  the  Rus:  sians  :  gradually-  led  out  their  forces  on  the  plain.  Twelve  .  guns  were  placed  as  a  battery  of  position,  at  about  1200  or  .1300  yards  from  the  quarantine  station.  Two  bodies  of  infantry—it  remains  to  be  known  whether  they  were  regiments  or  battalions  —placed  theniselves  under  cover  in  a  wood  on  the  right  of  the  guns—their  right.  On  their  left  rear  were  two  more  bodies  of  infantry,  and  on  their  left  two  more  battalions.  Supposhag  them  to  be  of"
