text
"THE  PRESTON  STRIKE  PRESTON,  WEDNESDAY.  This  morning,  there  was  a  large  meeting  of  weavers  in  the  Orchard,  Mr.  Tonge,  of  Stockport,  presiding.  The  CHAIRMAN  announced  thai  the  'committee  had  that  morning  received  from  a  gentleman  in  London,  a  cheque  for  £5OO.  (Loud  cheers.)  After  a  few  remarks  on  the  progress  the  movement  was  making,  he  introduced  Mr.  WALTON,  of  Blackburn,  who,  after  stating  that  he  had  that  morning  morning  received  a  letter  from  the  Arch Archbishop  bishop Archbishop  of  Dublin,  expressing  his  approval  of  the  conduct  of  the  unemployed  operatives  of  Preston  ;  he  remarked  that  the  receipt  of  the  cheque  mentioned  by  the  chairman,  was  a  piece  of  bad  news  for  the  manufacturers  of  this  town.  But  they  might  rest  assured,  that  would  not  be  the  only  con contribution  tribution contribution  towards  the  support:  of  the  operatives  of  Preston.  Blackburn  itself  had  determined  to  support  them  rather  than  they  should  give  in.  Some  of  the  hands  in  Blackburn  de declared  clared declared  that  by  and  by  they  would  devote  the  entire  proceeds  of  one  loom  each  to  Preston,  if  it  was  necessary.  (Cheers.)  Let  them  resolve  to  be  paid  for  their  labour  as  they  were  elsewhere,  or  that  the  mills  of  Preston  should  stand.  Every  day  their  their  cause  was  becoming  stronger,  and  they  had  every  encouragement  to  be  firm.  Alluding  to  the  approach approaching  ing approaching  contest  for  municipal  honours,  Mr.  Walton  urged  his  hearers  to  avail  themselves  of  the  opportunity  to  sweep  out  of  office  some  of  the  despots  of  the  town.  In  conclusion,  he  advised  them  again  and  again  not  to  give  way  to  the  ty tyranny  ranny tyranny  of  the  masters  of  Preston,  warning  them  to  consider  what  would  be  the  consequence  if  they  allowed  themselves  to  be  defeated.  (Cheers.)  .  .  .  Mr.  WADDINGTON,  of  Preston,  said  he  had  a  letter  from  Aberdeen,  requesting  the  particulars  of  this  move movement,  ment, movement,  prior  to  the-  formation  of  an  association  in  that  place,  from  which  they  might  expect  pecuniary  assist assistance  ance assistance  towards  the  end  of  the  week.  (Cheers.)  Mr.  Cowell  and  others  had  gone  to  Crewe,  St.  Helens,  &amp;c.,  and  a  letter  full  of  encouragement  had  been  received  from  them.  (Cheers.)  _  _  Mr.  Itimmts  had  understood  it  had  been  resolved  on  'Change  in  Manchester  that  if  they  could  not  defeat  the  Preston  hands  by  closing  one-third  of  the  mills  in  the  country  they  would  resort  to  a  general  lock-up.  He,  however,  thought  that  the  employers  at  large  would  not  venture  upon  such  an  extraordinary  measure  as  that,  considering  the  advanced  prices  offered  for  Preston  goods  in  the  Manchester  market.  It  was  his  opinion  that  the  manufacturers  would  be  glad  to  re-open  their  mills  and  give  the  advance  of  10  per  cent.  Money  was  the  God  of  the  manufacturers  of  this  country.  They  hugged  their  gold,  exclaiming,  in  the  language  of  Wesley—  _  _  Thou  art  the  God  we  adore,  Our  faithful,  unchangeable  Thanks  having  been  voted  to  the  Chairman,  the  pro proceedings  ceedings proceedings  closed  with  three  cheers  for  the  10  per  cent.,  and  no"
