text
"LONDON  AND  SOUTH-WESTERN  RAIL  WAY.  The  poll  upon  Mr.  Henderson's  amendment(against  the  extension  of  the  line  between  Dorsetshire  and  Exeter)  sub submitted  mitted submitted  to  the  meeting  held  on  Tuesday  last,  which  closed  on  Thursday,  was  officially  declared  on  Saturday  and  is  as  follows:  FOR  THE  AMENDMENT.  Voters.  Capital.  Votes.  Proxies  ....  929  £1,750,674  12,089  Personal  ..  111  299,895  1,825  Total  ..  1040  £2,050,569  AGAINST  THE  AMENDMENT.  Capital.  Votes.  710  £2,187,352  11,933  86  486,  477  1,978  13,914  Voters.  Proxies  Personal  Total.  796  £2,673,829  13,911  DR.  BOWRING  AT  THE  CONCERT  HALL,  On  Saturday  evening,  immediately  after  the  performances  of  Mr.  Ellis,  the  celebrated  Welsh  harpist,  Dr.  Bowring,  delivered  a  lecture  on  Decimal  Currency,  to  a  large  audience,  which,  as  usual,  was  assembled  in  the  Concert-hall.  The  learned  lecturer  pointed  out  in  forcible  terms,  the  benefits  which  would  result  from  the  adoption  of  the  decimal  system,  and  strongly  urged  its  adoption.  At  the  conclusion  of  the  lecture,  Mr.  THORNELY,  M.P.,  came  forward  to  propose  a  vote  of  thanks  to  Dr.  Bowring.  He  said  he  was  quite  sure  they  would  agree  with  him,  that  a  most  agreeable  evening  had  been  spent.  The  music  wso  everything  they  could  desire  ;  and  the  beautiful  harp  music  of  Mr.  Ellis,  sur  p  a  ssed  everything  h.  neard.  But  his  object  in  rising  to  address  was,  to  beg  they  might  offer  their  thanks  to  Dr.  Bow Bowring  ring Bowring  for  doing  them  the  honour  of  giving  them  the  results  of  narnv.inrtnet  nnrl  suaded  that  it  required  only  the  public  mind  to  be  properly  awakened,  for  the  legislature  to  pass  an  act  which  might  occasion  some  difficulties  perhaps,  and  might  not  be  done  just  yet,  but  it  certainly  would  be—of  decimal  coinage.  The  advantages  of  a  decimal  system  in  calculating,  were  very  great  compared  with  their  present  embarrassing  system.  He  begged  to  move  that  the  thanks  of  this  assembly  be  given  to  Dr.  Bowring  for  his  very  able  lecture.  Mr.  Wit.  BROWN,  M.P.,  in  seconding  the  motion,  re remarked  marked remarked  that  Dr.  Bowring  attended  there  at  considerable  inconvenience  to  give  them  his  experience  in  countries  which  he  had  visited,  of  the  advantages  of  the  decimal  system  over  the  barbarous  system  of  pounds,  shillings  and  pence.  He  lu STYLE=superscript  we  ' STYLE=superscript  re  weuaea  1,0  I,.llits.  (Hear  hear  was  sure  there  were  many  enlightened  men  in  the  House  of  Commons  who  took  the  same  view  of  the  subject  that  Dr.  did  •  but  they  were  desirous  of  having  an  epression  „ STYLE=superscript  &amp;r  that  they  might  not  be  e STYLE=superscript  repulsed  boTfyhthoseerising  public  owphn  generation  get  through  the  world  better,  with  more  good  to  themseras,  were  better  informea,  more  advantage  to  their  children,  and  more  prosperity  to  their  country,  under  a  decimal  system.  (Hear,  hear.)  That  was  what  Dr.  Bowring  had  in  view,  and  he  had  great  pleasure  in  seconding  the  motion  of  Mr.  Thornely.  (Cheers.)  The  motion  was  carried  by  acclamation.  Mr.  Wu.  RATIrRONE  moved  a  vote  of  thanks  to  Mr.  Thornely  who  presided  over  the  proceedings  of  the  evening,  which  was  also  carried  by  acclamation,  and  the  proceedings  terminated.  Despatches  were  received  at  the  Colonial-office  en  Satur Saturday  day Saturday  morning  from  the  Governors  of  the  West  India  Is Islands.  lands. Islands.  The  British  and  North  American  steam-ship  Europa  sailed  from  this  port  for  New  York  on  Saturday,  with  usual  mail,  a  fair  cargo,  and  84  passengers.  -  --  -  -  An  inquest  was  held  on  Saturday  upon  a  child,  named  John  Joseph  Higgins,  whose  death,  under  suspicious  cir circumstances,  cumstances, circumstances,  we  mentioned  in  our  last  issue.  Upon  the  evi evidence  dence evidence  of  Mr.  Kemp,  surgeon,  the  jury  returned  a  verdict  of  death  from  natural  causes.  DEATH  FROM  BURNING.—Mary  Hanratty,  living  at  Mersey-view  Bootle,  a  child,  four  years  of  age,  died  on  Saturday  from  extensive  burns  which  she  had  accidentally  received  on  the  day  before.  DEATH  OF  CAPTAIN  GREGORY,  ROYAL  ENGINEERS.  —Captain  William  Gregory,  who  was  for  the  last  ten  years  almost  entirely  helpless,  owing  to  infirmities  contracted  during  his  military  services  in  the  colonies,  died  on  Friday  morning  at  Woolwich.  The  deceased  was  a  brother  of  the  late  Hon.  John  Gregory,  who  died  a  few  months  ago,  while  Governor  of  the  Bahamas.  Mr.  John  H.  Hay  chief  clerk  at  the  Admiralty,  died  at  Woolwich  at  four  o'clock  p.m.  on  Friday,  after  a  short  illness,  having  been  at  the  admiralty,  in  the  perform performance  ance performance  of  his  official  duties,  on  Tuesday  morning  last.  DEATH  OF  THE  DUKE  OF  BEAUFORT.-HiS  Grace  the  Duke  of  Beaufort  died  at  Badminton  Park,  on  Thursday  afternoon  last,  in  the  62nd  year  of  his  age,  The  late  duke  will  be  succeeded  in  his  titles  and  estates  by  his  son,  the  Marquis  of  Worcester,  one  of  the  members  for  East  Gloucestershire.  A  LUCKY  ANGLER.—On  Monday  last,  while  Mr.  Tho Thomas  mas Thomas  Palings,  of  Nottingham,  was  trolling  for  pike  in  that  part  of  the  Soar  known  as  he  caught  with  a  three-thread  silk  line  a  salmon,  which  measured  three  feet  seven  inches  in  length,  and  weighed  231b.—Not 231b.—Nottingham  tingham 231b.—Nottingham  Journal.  DEPUTATION  TO  LORD  PALMERSTON  ON  THE  TURKISH  QUESTION.—On  Saturday  a  deputation,  consisting  of  Lord  Dudley  Stuart,  M.P.,  Messrs.  J.  A.  Nicholay,  Professor  Newman,  John  Wilson,  Prout,  and  Hickson,  waited  upon  Lord  Palmerston,  at  his  residence  in  Carlton-gardens,  for  the  purpose  of  presenting  an  address  to  the  Queen,  which  had  been  agreed  to  at  the  recent  great  meeting  at  the  Lon London  don London  Tavern,  protesting  against  Russian  encroachments  on  Turkey.  Lord  Dudley  Stuart  introduced  and  explained  the  objects  of  the  deputation  to  his  lordship,  and  the  ad address  dress address  was  then  read,  the  last  paragraph  of  which  expressed  a  want  of  confidence  in  her  Majesty's  government  as  at  present  constituted,  in  reference  to  its  foreign  policy,  and  Lord  D.  Stuart  explained  that  such  was  the  general,  al although  though although  not  quite  the  unanimous  opinion  of  the  great  meet meeting  ing meeting  over  which  he  had  the  honour  to  preside.  Lord  Pal Palmerston,  merston, Palmerston,  who  listened  with  great  courtesy  and STYLE=superscript  att STYLE=superscript  ention  to  the  observations  directed  by  the  deputation  to  his  notice,  expressed  his  convictitm  that  it  was  the  determination  of  her  Majesty's  government,  at  all  hazards,  to  preserve  the  intregity  of  the  Ottoman  empire,  and  promised  to  lay  the  address  for  es  sw  t  hi  he  ch  n  h  o  a  m  d  e  be  D  en  ep  p  a  la  r  e  tm  ed  en  in  t,  h  b  i  e  s  f  h  or  a  e  nds  he  ,  r  alsfaSjeesctryetLl:t alsfaSjeesctryetLl:t--ythoof  -ythoof alsfaSjeesctryetLl:t--ythoof STYLE=superscript  earliest  opportunity.  The  deputation  then  retired.-01  , STYLE=superscript  -  server.  _  _  LAMENTABLE  DEATH  FROM  DRINKING  VITRIOL  IN  Ms-  TAKE  FOR  Tuesday  last,  a  fine  bov,  six  years  of  age,  named  John  Lawson,  who  resided  with  his  uncle,  Mr.  John  Lawson,  broker,  at  Wigan,  came  to  his  death  from  drinking  vitriol.  About  eight  o'clock  in  the  morning,  the  boy  had  got  up,  and,  no  one  being  present,  he  had  climbed  from  a  chair  on  to  a  table,  and  got  a  ginger-beer  bottle  con containing  taining containing  a  small  quantity  of  vitriol  out  of  the  cupboard,  pulled  out  the  cork,  and  drank  the  contents.  He  was  heard  to  scream,  when  Mr.  Lawson,  who  was  up-stairs  dressing  at  the  time,  immediately  ran  to  his  assistance,  and,  on  discovering  what  had  happened,  he  gave  him  a  dose  of  oil,  and  filled  his  mouth  full  of  butter,  and  forced  him  to  swallow  it.  The  symptoms  at  first  were  not  considered  very  alarming,  but,  as  he  continued  to  get  worse  during  the  forenoon,  Dr.  Heaton  was  called  in,  but  his  services  were  unavailing,  and  the  child  expired  about  two  o'clock  in  the  afternoon.  An  inquest  was  held  on  the  body  on  Wednesday,  when  the  jury  returned  a  verdict  of  CRAYON  SKETCHES.  BY  THE  COUNT  DE  GABALIS.  Drawn  expressly  for  The  Northern  Daily  Times'  NO.  T.  BE  it  so  Stop  the  press  by  all  means,  and  let  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TruEs  enjoy  something  like  a  holiday,  while  these  snatches  of  modern  romance  are  thrown  off  like  gleams  of  sunligh',,  on  the  bleak  desert  of  every-day  life.  The  TIMES  ought  to  desiderata  some  little  rest—some  occasional  re repose—as,  pose—as, repose—as,  since  the  first  dawn  of  its  existence,  some  seven  or  eight  weeks  ago,  it  has  never  ceased  working  for  the  advantage  of  the  northern  empo emporium  rium emporium  of  commerce—of  this  admittedly  primary  port  of  the  universe  for  shipping,  traffic  and  enter enterprise—and  prise—and enterprise—and  its  paces  are  now  become  the  practical  telegraph  of  South  John  Street.  A  letter  from  Bendigo  turns  up  a  deep  train  of  thought,  and  awakens  sweet  and  strange  and  curious  recollections.  ,  coroner  for  the  county  of  !  The  same  young  gen gentleman  tleman gentleman  who  was  nearly  obliged  to  wear  his  Macin Macintosh  tosh Macintosh  for  life,  summer  and  winter,  for  better  for  worse.  The  very  same.  There  was  no  great  need  of  ingenuity  to  work  up  a  tale  of  the  days  of  the  Hatchpools  and  the  Geraldines,  amidst  the  wreck  of  princes  and  chieftains,  and  the  erratic  but  bril brilliant  liant brilliant  careers  of  the  military  and  high  -blooded  adventurers  which  the  folly  and  the  flimsiness,  and  the  bigotry,  of  the  second  James  had  sent  all  over  the  continent.  But  think,  after  all,  that  our  own  days,  chained  down  as  they  are  to  the  regular  rou routine  tine routine  of  more  ordinary  habits,  should  be  so  richly  strewn  with  the  Australian  spices  and  odours  •  of  romance  !  It  is  truly  wonderful  !  The  story  of  the  coroner  for  been  •  in.  general  circulation  since  the  occurrence  took  place,  a  few  years  ago,  so  that  there  can  be  no  breach  of  delicacy  whatever  by  recapitulating  its  principal  features.  Indeed,  for  that  matter,  one  of  the  Limerick  papers  of  the  day  contained  the  entire  particulars  of  the  untoward  affair—and  something  more—one  of  which  was  sent  by  post,  even  to  a  member  of  his  family,  in  the  capital  of  south  Munster,  ere  the  final  adjudication  of  the  ease  in  the  Ecclesiastical  court  had  been  made.  The  was  little  more  than  an  overgrown  effeminate  boy  when  the  lucky—or  unlucky—circumstances  turned  up  which  we  are  now  about  to  narrate.  He  is  a  native  of  Cork,  and  the  eldest  son  of  Mr.  of  facetious  -- STYLE=superscript  memory,  one  of  the  best  raconteurs  in  the  parish  of  the  Holy  Trinity  in  the  beautiful  city,  who  had  only  to  begin  weaving  his  web  of  narrative  when  he  drew  it  forth  as  freely  and  as  fluently  as  the  conjurer  draws  his  mystical  ribbon,  and  as  interminably.  The  father  had  been  some  years  dead;  but  his  mother,  a  pru prudent  dent prudent  and  respectable  woman,  conducted  the  estab establishment—that  lishment—that establishment—that  of  hairdressing  and  perfumery—by  means  of  a  foreman.  So  notable  and  industrious  was  she,  that  the  children,  several  boys,  never  felt  the  want  of  the  deceased  parent,  and  the  subject  of  our  present  notice  was,  at  the  proper  age,  bound  apprentice  to  an  apothecary  and  surgeon.  He  was  a  kind,  docile,  and  well-tempered  young  gentleman  ;  but  his  manners  were  so  gentle  and  bland,  that  the  world,  always  censorious,  seemed  to  consider  them  effeminate,  and  the  estimate  was  no  way  lessened  by  the  more  than  ordinary  degree  of  attention  which  he  bestowed  upon  his  outfit.  His  neck-tie  was  put  on  to  a  nicety;  his  shirt  pins  were  ornamentally  neat;  and  his  vest  was  cut  with  all  the  precision  that  characterised  the  fashionable  establishment  of  Murphy  and  O'Connor.  The  hat  boasted  a  Parisian  nap  as  sleek  and  as  glossy  as  velvet,  and  his  handkerchief  was  redolent  of  Eau  de  Cologne.  Altogether,  in  manners,  habits,  and  appearance,  he  was  a  model  for  the  profession  as  a  surgical  student.  Unknown  to  the  world,  for  who  could  suspect  one  so  young,  so  gentle,  and,  withal,  so  lady-like  ?he  had  been  for  some  months  in  the  habit  of  paying  the  most  assidious  attentions  to  a  lady,  who,  of  course,  must  be  presumed  to  bane  been  youthful,  though,  if  we  mistake  not,  she  wore  -  uu  7  highly  literate,  and  recherche  in  her  reading  and  pursuits,  she  was  captivated  by  the  bland  suavity  of  the  young  student's  manners—and  this  would  be  no  wonder.  Their  places  of  residence  were  not  very  remote,  and,  besides,  there  were,  at  the  time,  many  literary  institutions  in  the  city  where  they  were  enabled  to  meet  each  other  weekly.  How However,  ever, However,  they  did  not  want  for  opportunities  of  coming  together,  and  their  attachment  appears  to  have  acquired  additional  strength  from  its  secrecy.  At  length,  in  the  completion  of  his  professional  studies,  he  found  it  necessary  to  visit  the  Metropo Metropolis  lis Metropolis  ;  and,  whether  the  neglect  was  intentional,  or  otherwise  cannot  be  satisfactorily  ascertained  :  left,  at  all  events,  without  ou...‘,,  i  ..fopriate  leave leavetaking  taking leavetaking  which  accompanies  mutual  affec affect;‘,..  t;‘,.. affect;‘,..  up  to  this  period,  however,  there  seems  to  have  been  no  clear  explicit  understanding  between  the  parties,  neither  in  the  shape  of  a  proposition  of  marriage,  nor  promise  of  any  kind  solicited  or  given,  as  customary  in  such  engagements  of  the  heart.  •  We  have  reason  to  believe,  though  of  course  we  cannot  be  certain,  that  no  correspondence  occurred  between  them  during  his  absence  in  Dublin,  and  the  rumour  of  the  day,  amongst  his  friends,  went  so  far  as  to  say  that  Sackville-street  saw  no  indication  of  the  disconsolate  lover  in  —.  But  months  rolled  by—as  they  will  ever  roll,  despite  of  the  various  entanglements  of  the  heart—until,  after  the  lapse  of  nearly  a  year,  the  young  student,  ripe  and  ready  for  the  exercise  of  his  lancet,  and  for  his  grand  entrée  into  his  pro professional  fessional professional  career,  returned  to  his  native  city.  The  star  of  his  destiny  here  culminated,  when  days  passed  by  without  having  paid  a  visit,  either  by  way  of  courtesy  or  the  renewal  of  love,  to  the  fair  object  of  his  former  flame.  There  were  no  indica  tions  whatever  of  any  intention  on  his  part  to  renew  their  acquaintance,  and  it  had  been  so  quietly  carried  on  during  its  transitory  existence,  that  it  excited  neither  comment  nor  suspicion.  The  idol  had  fallen  from  its  pedestal,  and  the  shrine  was  desolate.  However,  matters  were  not  suffered  to  lie  dormant  after  this  fashion,  particularly  as  he  „had  become  more  than  ever  an  object  of  attraction  and  solicitude,  even  in  a  wordly  point  of  view.  He  was  now  a  professional  gentleman,  about  to  step  out  on  a  career  of  utility  and  profit,  where  wealth  and  fame,  perhaps  both,  would  await  his  acqui  sition.  One  morning,  shortly  after  his  return  from  the  Metropolis,  he  was  startled  by  the  announcement  of  a  visitor  at  his  dwelling-house,  in  George-street,  in  the  city  of  Cork,  who  was  stated  to  be  under  some  unusual  excitement  and  who  was  unknown  to  the  other  members  of  the  family.  On  going  down  to  the  shop  parlour,  he  discovered  that  it  was  Mr.  ,  the  brother  of  the  young  lady  who  had  been  formerly  the  object  of  his  de devotion,  votion, devotion,  such  as  it  was,  but  which  had  evidently  ceased  to  rule  or  guide  him.  What  could  have  occasioned  the  visit?  He  thought  he  had  acted  with  consummate  prudence  when  he  privately  availed  himself  of  a  casual  opportunity  of  explain explaining  ing explaining  to  her  that  their  intimacy,  on  its  former  footing,  could  not  continue,  and  in  which  determination  she  appeared  for  the  moment  to  agree,  passively  at  least.  However  there  was  the  brother,  and  after  some  customary  salutations,  though  of  a  very  frigid  character,  had  taken  place  between  them,  Mr.  ----  abruptly  referred  to  his  sister  and  required  to  know  his  intentions  respecting  her,  and  whether  he  proposed  to  make  her  matrimonial  reparation.  Young  peremptorily  denied  having  ever  said  or  done  anything  in  connexion  with  Miss  ---  which  could  render  him  liable  to  such  a  requisition,  repeating  over  and  over  again,  that  his  attentions  to  the  lady  had  never  exceeded  the  gentlemanly  limits  of  good  breeding  and  courtesy.  Any  real  injury,  personal,  Or  otherwise,  he  had  never  done  her  even  in  thought.  But  his  disclamations  were  of  no  use,  and  his  earnest  disavowals  went  for  nothing.  The  result  was,  that  he  was  requested  to  make  the  same,  or  similar  statements,  in  presence  of  Miss  s  family  and  her  own.  The  young  gentleman  consented  to  do  so,  glad  to  get  rid  of  the  matter,  as  he  thought,  so  easily.  But  he  was  greatly  mistaken.  When  they  reached  the  private  domicile  of  the  -  .s,  the  entire  affair  began  to  wear  a.  very  different  aspect.  Only  imagine  his  astonishment,  When  he  saw  himself  surrounded  by  all  the  appearances  of  a  marriage  ceremonial  which  had  been  ostensibly  some  time  in  preparation.  The  marriage  license  stared  him  on  the  table  !  The  parties  were  of  different  _  religions.  The  lady  belonged  to  a  branch.  of  the  protestant  community,  the  Unitarian,  which  has  won  golden  opinions  for  itself  with  the  people  of  Cork,  and  is  deservedly  ranked  high  in  public  es estimation.  timation. estimation.  The  young  student,  or  surgeon,  as  we  should  now  learn  to  call  him,  as  he  had  completed  his  studies,  was  of  the  Roman  Catholic  persuasion,  arid  a  sincere  and  .respectful  observer  of  its.,ordi its.,ordinances.  nances. its.,ordinances.  He  now  saw  arrayed  before  him  his  intended  wife  per  fas  aut  nefas,  her  father,  her  mother,  her  sister,  her  brother,  and—an  Unitarian  clergyman.  But  his  sharp,  yet,  bewildered  eye,  caught  sight  of  some  objects  on  the  side  table,  far  more  bewildering  than  all  these,  formidable  as  they  were—a  pair  of  pistols  !  The  clergyman  stood  robed  for  the  performance  of  a  ceremony.  Could  it  be  his  marriage  ?  Nothing  more  nor  less.  The  nervous  sensibility  of  this,  young  surgeon,  led  him  to  apprehend  the  pistols  were  loaded—and  so  they  .  were  !  There  was  no  sort  of  disguise  upon  the  point.  The  brother  once  more  became  the  prin principal  cipal principal  actor,  and  soon  removed  'his  doubts  ;  he  declared  that  his  sister's  peace  of  mind  had  been  irreparably  lost,  and  her  reputation  injured,  per perhaps  haps perhaps  gone.  Mr.  must  at  once  afford  her  the  only  reparation  in  his  power,  by  marrying  her  ,  otherwise,  and  he  laid  his  hand  on  one  of  the  pistols—he  must  take  the  consequences.  The  skeletons  in  the  ancient  Egyptian  festivals  never  did  such  execution  as  those  pistols.  The  young  surgeon  shook  inwardly,  not  like  one,  but  like  a  bundle  of  aspen  leaves  that  had  no  room  to  flutter  as  they  liked  ;  he  trembled  all  over.  His  remon remonstrances  strances remonstrances  and  explanations  were  treated  as  chaff,  and  passid  as  the  idle  wind.  The  marriage  knot  or  the  pistol  bullet.  The  gentleman  surrended  at  discretion.  He  had  no  liking  whatever  for  lead  in  any  shape.  To  escape  the  fatal  alternative  he  per permitted  mitted permitted  the  performance  of  the  ceremony.  Miss  and  became  man  and  wife.  The  drawing  rooni,  where  the  rites  and  the  scene  occurred,  was  now  thrown  open,  for  the  door  was  unlocked  which  had  been  previously  secured  by  the  brother,  and  the  key  ostentatiously  placed  in  his  pocket,  and  the  Rev.  Mr.  the  Unita Unitarian  rian Unitarian  clergymen  walked  off.  But  the  --'l4  were  no  fools,  but  were  wise  in  their  generation,  and  knowing  that  the  surgeon's  family  were  Ro  man  Catholics,  they  had  provided  a  clergyman  of  that  religion  to  complete  the  union  of  the  parties.  He  was  now  ushered  up  stairs,  and  he  was  called  upon  by  old  crowning  validity  to  the  new  Hymeneal  contract.  This  ceremony,  too,  is  over.  The  young  surgeon,  poor  fellow  !  lady-like  and  effeminate  as  he  was,  up  to  this  moment  sustained  himself  uncommonly  well  through  these  strange  and  sudden  and  peremp peremptory  tory peremptory  movements,  but  now  that  the  alliance  appeared  to  be  complete,  and  that  the  parties  around  seemed  appeased  in  the  relaxation  of  their  rigidity,  his  spirits  quailed,  he  sank  on  .  a  chair  and  fainted.  Poor  fellow  !  He  soon  recovered,  and  as  if  he  had  drawn  fresh  energy  from  his  insensibility,  he  im  mediately  appealed  to  the  clergyman  who  still  re remained,  mained, remained,  for  protection,  and  demanded  to  be  let  go  at  large  and  return  home.  No  impediments  were  offered  on  the  part  of  the  parture.  Proceedings  were  immediately  com commenced  menced commenced  in  the  ecclesiastical  court  of  the  Cork  and  Ross  diocese,  and  the  proctors  were  soon  up  to  their  chins  in  business.  The  story  became  the  table  talk  of  the  South  of  Ireland  for  some  time,  and,  strange  to  say,  through  the  medium  of  a  Lime Limerick  rick Limerick  paper.  But  that  is  of  no  great  consequence,  one  way  or  the  other,  The  young  surgeon  soon  mustered  spirit  enough  to  show  himself  in  his  customary  promenades,  and  the  fact  is  that  natu naturally  rally naturally  he  appears  to  have  had  spirit  enough,  or,  to  speak  even  more  intelligibly,  pluck  enough  to  bear  up  against  anything  of  the  kind,  but  for  the  sud suddenness  denness suddenness  and  novelty  of  the  combination.  He  was  extremely  young,  not  at  all  of  age,  and  had  been  almost  entirely  reared  tip  by  a  most  affectionate  and  doting  mother,  and  it  was  no  great  wonder  that  on  being  abruptly  called  upon  in  this  violent  manner  he  did  not  display  all  the  firmness  of  one  conversant  with  the  ways  of  the  world.  However,  he  had  the  satisfaction  to  learn  that  the  Ilishop's  Court  soon  decreed  the  forced  marriage  an  illegal  one.  The  public  Of  Cork,  although  they  commisse commisserated  rated commisserated  the  young  lady  under  the  circumstances,  felt  that  the  ecclesiastical  authorities  had  done  their  duty.  STRIKES  IN  THE  21IANUFA.CTU.RING  .L  7  x-rt  SERIOUS  DISTURBANCES  AT  BLACKBURN.  On  Wednesda:  evening  Blackburn  was  again  the  scene  of  a  disturbance  which  created  great  alarm  amongst  the  peace peaceably  ably peaceably  disposed  inhabitants.  Throughout  the  day  knots  of  men  and  women  (Preston  factory  operatives)  were  to  be  seen  strolling  up  and  down  the  town,  some  singing— 'singing'  We'll  never  be  content  Till  we  get  the  ten  per  But  they  did  not  attract  any  particular  attention  till  they  searched  the  omnibus  that  met  the  12  o'clock  train  from  Preston,  in  the  hope  of  finding  some  No  fear,  however.  we.  cut  dusk,  when  the  num num„t  „t num„t  rreston  operatives  was  considerably  augmented  by  the  Blackburn  factory  hands.  Then  they  savagely  asked  and  looked  for  the  Preston  masters,  saying,  that  they  (the  masters  had  come  to  Blackburn  to  induce  the  manufac manufacturers  turers manufacturers  ere  to  stop  their  mills,  or  work  short  time  till  the  Preston  dispute  was  settled,  so  that  the  Blackburn  hands  could  not  so  munificently  support  the  Preston  turn-outs  as  they  had  hitherto  done.  The  first  person  that  experienced  the  fury  of  the  mob  was  Mr.  Henry  Nightingale,  foreman  to  Mr.  Catterall,  manufacturer,  of  Preston.  He  was  followed  from  the  Bull,  up  Shorrock-fold,  and  to  Union Unionstreet,  street, Unionstreet,  where  be  took  refuge  in  St.  John's  Tavern.  He  rushed  into  a  bed-room,  and  immediately  afterwards  fainted,  from  the  effects  of  the  severe  kicking  and  blows  he  had  expe experienced.  rienced. experienced.  Mr.  Garth,  tailor,  of  Preston,  was  also  attacked,  but  he  was  not  much  hurt:  He  escaped  from  his  assailants  into  the  shop  of  Mr.  Woods,  bookseller,  from  which  it  was  announced  that  he  was  not  a  manufacturer,  but  a  knight  of  the  needle.  This  crowd,  much  disappointed,  left  their  in intended  tended intended  victim,  and  retraced  their  steps  to  the  Bull  Hotel,  in  which  they  confidently  expected  there  were  still  several  vic victims  tims victims  to  the  ten  per  cent.  movement.  [The  Bull,  we  ought  perhaps  to  state,  is  the  Exchange  of  Blackburn  every  Wed Wednesday,  nesday, Wednesday,  and  there  manufacturers  from  all  parts  of  Lancashire  meet  weekly  to  transact  business.]  No  other  Preston  chaps,'  however,  came  out  of  the  inn,  and  that  so  enraged  them  that  they  kept  up  a  volley  of  hisses,  groans,  &amp;c.,  till  between  eight  and  nine  o'clock,  when  Mrs.  Sansom,  landlady  of  the  Bull,  gave  the  mob  permission  to  send  two,  four,  or  six  of  their  number  to  search  her  house.  They  immediately  took  advantage  of  the  permission,  and  in  a  very  short  space  of  time  three  companies,  each  headed  by  a  servant,  were  in  quest  of  Preston  manufacturers,  in  order,  if  found,  to  give  them  up  to  the  fury  of  an  enraged  mob.  Their  search,  how however,  ever, however,  was  in  vain,  but  it  appeared  to  satisfy  them,  and  also  the  thousands  of  lawless  individuals  who  were  waiting  out outside.  side. outside.  One  of  the  inspectors  said  to  a  servant,  as  he  was  pass,-  ing  through  the  kitchen,  &#34;It's  very  well  you've  let  us  look  through,  or  else  there  would  not  have  been  a  whole  pane  of  glass  left  in  your  house  Every  minute  after  six  o'clock  it  was  expected  that  an  attack  would  be  made  on  the  Bull,  and,  with  the  view  of  preventing  that  and  a  general  riot,  the  watch  committee  and  the  superintendent  of  police  concentrated  all  the  con constabulary  stabulary constabulary  force  of  the  town  (about  19),  and  the  fire  brigade,  in  the  old  market-place,  in  front  of  and  contiguous  to  the  Bull.  Shortly  after  that  step  was  taken,  the  borough  ma_  gistrates  were  called  together  to  consider  the  propriety  of  sending  for  the  soldiers.  Before  the  magistrates,  however,  met  (many  of  them  living  at  a  considerable  distance  from  each  other)  the  crowd  had  dispersed,  and  the  town  appeared  tranquil.  A  general  opinion  was  expressed  throughout  the  evening  that  as  Blackburn  is  the  seat  of  periodical  disturb disturbances,  ances, disturbances,  soldiers  should  be  stationed  in  the  town  continually.  Between  eight  and  nine  there  could  not  have  been  less  than  five  thousand  operatives  in  front  of  the  Bull."
