text
"coralur  coURT.—YESTZEDAY.  (BEFORE  JOSEPH  POLLOCK,  ESQ.,  JUDGE.)  FOWLER  V.  HERRING.—The  plaintiff  is  a  car  owner,  and  the  defendant  a  confectioner,  carrying  on  business  at  4,  Quadrant-buildings,  Elliot-street,  and  the  action  was  brought  to  recover  £1  10s.  damages,  for  injury  done  to  the  plaintiff's  car  through  the  negligence  of  the  defendant's  servant.  It  appeared  that  as  the  plaintiff's  driver  was  driv driving  ing driving  down  Church-street,  the  defendant's  van  was  being  driven  up  the  street  at  the  time,  and  in  consequence,  it  was  alleged  of  the  furious  rate  at  which  it  was  going,  it  came  in  collision  with  the  plaintiff's  car,  and  knocked  off  the  hind  wheel.  The  statement  on  either  side  being  equally  positive,  his  Honor  adjourned  the  case  to  enable  the  plaintiff  to  pro produce  duce produce  further  evidence.  THE  LANCASHIRE  AND  YORKSHIRE  RAILWAY  COMPANY  V.  CANNON.—This  action  was  brought  to  recover  £2  for  the  carriage  of  eight  barrels  of  fish.  The  defendant  con contended  tended contended  that  she  should  not  be  liable  inasmuch  as  she  did  not  receive  the  fish  at  the  proper  time,  and  when  she  did  receive  them  they  were  so  injured  through  the  delay  that  they  wore  seized  by  the  inspector  and  she  fined.  His  HoNoR  told  her  that  if  she  had  suffered  through.  any  delay  on  the  part  of  the  company  she  could  recover  compen compensation  sation compensation  from  them,  but  having  taken  the  fish  she  could  not  set  up  any  neglect  of  theirs  as  a  defence  against  the  present  claim.  Verdict  for  the  plaintiffs.  EVANS  V.  NOBLE--This  action  was  brought  to  recover  the  value  of  a  basket  lost  off  the  defendant's  omnibus.  It  appeared  that  the  wife  of  the  plaintiff  went  by  the  defend defendant's  ant's defendant's  omnibus  to  the  Old  Swan,  on  the  night  of  the  21st  of  November.  The  night  was  very  dark,  and  the  omnibus  coming  in  collision  with  a  post,  several  of  the  outside  pas passengers  sengers passengers  were  nearly  thrown  off.  Mrs.  Evans  got  down,  and  went  into  the  as  she  termed  the  inside,  and  while  there  lost  her  basket.  Considerable  amusement  was  created  in  court,  by  the  manner  in  which  Mrs.  Evans,  who  was  dressed  in  the  old  Mother  style,  gave  her  evi evidence.  dence. evidence.  She  was  accompanied  by  her  husband  and  niece,  and  being  all  Welsh  people,  they  weighed  and  measured  every  answer  as  if  their  very  lives  depended  on  the  issue.  To  make  certainty  doubly  sure,  Mrs.  Evans  was  examined  in  her  own  language,  the  niece  acting  as  interpreter  ;  but  the  result  was  that  the  three  of  them  had  to  be  separated  and  nlaced  on  different  seats,  as  the  only  means  of  stopping  the  running  commentary  ID.which  thny  inilnlera  in  oaob  others'  testimony—it  not  being  very  clear  that  Mrs.  Evans  had  at  all  given  the  basket  to  the  cad,  the  plaintiff  was  non nonsuited  suited nonsuited  without  costs.  Mr.  IlimE  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  HUGHES  for  the  defendant.  A  MERMAID.—Our  readers  will  judge  what  credence  to  give  tol  the  following  statement,  copied  from  the  Halifax  Morning  Chronicle  :—A  most  extraordinary  fish  was  caught  in  the  salmon  net  of  Mr.  Aazet  Hamilton,  of  Bundoran,  in  the  Donegal  Bay,  last  week.  It  is  a  beautiful  creature;  the  head,  shoulder,  and  waist  resemble  a  woman  ;  the  lower  part  that  of  a  salmon.  When  we  saw  it,  it  was  alive  in  a  vessel  of  salt  water,  and  Mr.  Hamilton  hoped  to  preserve  it  alive  in  that  way.  The  eyes  were  beautiful  ;  and  its  arms,  when  touched,  became  stiff,  and  the  whole  body  appeared  sensitive  to  the  touch.  Many  persons  considered  it  a  young  mer mermaid.  maid. mermaid.  HEARTLESS  ROBBERIES  BY  RAILWAY  EMPLOYEES.  —Tho  scoundrels  who  infest  the  - STYLE=superscript  rail  Way  termini  for  the  purpose  of  plundering  the  passengers  of  their  luggage  are  bold  and  audacious  thieves,  who  abide  the  hazard  of  the  die  ;  but  the  railway  servants  and  carriers  who  avail  themselves  of  the  confidence  reposed  in  them  to.pilfer  at  leisure  the  goods  entrusted  to  their  care  add  treachery  and  deceit  to  their  other  villanies.  We  have  just  been  informed  of  a  most  heartless  and  cruel  dobery,  perpetrated  by  one  or  more  of  those  miscreants  on  a  poor  sick  woman  at  Bath,  who  was  forwarded  by  a  friend  in  London,  via  the  Great  Western  Railway,  from  the  Bull  and  Mouth,  where  the  package  was  booked  and  paid  for,  a  box  containing  a  small  quantity  of  port  wine,  teas,  coffee,  sugar,  raisins,  currants,  oranges,  alid  a  flannel  petticoat.  During  transit  the  box  was  robbed  of  all  its  contents,  save  the  empty  bottles  and  two  oranges,  and  on  its  delivery  in  that  state  it  was  charged  a  shilling,  al although  though although  its  carriage  had  been  previously  - STYLE=superscript  paid  for.  We  make  no  comment  on  the  conduct  of  the  sacrilegious  scoundrel  who  committed  the  robbery,  but  when  we  remember  the  revelations  made  recently  in  the  case  of  a  railway  official  at  the  Bricklayers'  Arms  station,  we  think  it  is  dine  something  should  be  done  to  arrest  such  wholesale  iniquities.—Sunday  Times.  FIRE  IN  LONDON.—The  London  journals  contain  accounts  of  a  destructive  fire  in  Upper  Thames-street,  No,  200,  near  St.  Michael's  Church,  which  was  very  much  injured.  The  loss  of  property  amounted  to  several  thousands.  As  soon  as  the  Watling-street,  firemen  had  got  their  hose  ready  for  action,  a  fearful  scream  was  heard  from  one  of  the  houses  in  Huggin-lane,  which  induced  Tozer,  one  of  the  brigademen,  to  enter  the  house,  in  order  to  ascertain  whether  or  not  any  persons  were  in  danger.  He  then  found  that  the  flames  had  penetrated  through  the  attics  and  all  the  windows  on  the  staircase,'setting  on  fire  the  ballusters  and  rooms.  A  person  named  Arthur  Walkden  at  that  period  was  carrying  his  mother,  an  old  woman  of  75,  down  stairs.  The  poor  woman,  in  being  carried  through  the  fire,  had  her  face  severely  burnt.  When  Tozer  entered  the  attic  on  the  fourth  floor,  he  found  a  lad  named  George  Dimmock,  and  a  woman  named  Eliza Elizabeth  beth Elizabeth  Dimmock,  just  in  the  act  of  jumping  out  of  the  window.  He,  however,  seized  him  by  his  shonlder,  and  having  thrown  the  woman  over  his  back,  he  carried  the  two  down  stairs  in  safety,  and  thereby  prevented  two  persons  from  being  killed.  The  police-officer  (Sykes)  was  also  instrumental  in  saving  two  lives  in  the  adjoining  house,  but  connected  with  the  ware warehouse.  house. warehouse.  The  persons  wanted  to  dress  themselves  before  they  left,  but  the  constable  forced  them  to  depart  immediately,  and  it  was  well  he  did,  for  they  had  barely  gained  the  street  wl-m  the  flames  broke  through  one  of  the  doors  and  set  the  greater  part  of  the  private  dwelling  on  fire.  REFORMATORY  SCHOOLS.—A  few  private  persons  resident  in  the  county  of  Gloucester,  magistrates  and  country  gentle gentlemen,  men, gentlemen,  established  upon  a  small  scale,  some  eighteen  months  ago,  an  industrial  school  for  the  reformation  of  juvenile  delinquents,  and  the  first  annual  report  of  their  proceedings  was  drawn  up  on  St.  Thomas's-day.  As  to  the  cost  of  this  experiment,  the  whole  of  the  buildings  cost  about  2501.,  and  they  are  of  such  a  const  ruc  ti  on  th  a  t,  s  h  ou  ld  the  school  be  given  up,  they  would  at  any  time  be  convertible  into  labourers'  cottages,  which  would  bring  as  good  interest  as  labourers'  cottages  usually  command.  The  other  expences,  including  furniture,  masters'  salaries,  maintenance,  clothing,  and  in  fact  every  cost  for  eighteen  months,  amounts  to  about  4001.  ;  the  value  of  the  stock  in  hand  is  about  1711.,  thus  reducing  the  cost  to  2301.  for  the  eighte  en  mon  th  s  ,  or  little  more  than  11/.  per  head  total  expense  for  the  twelve  months.  Twenty Twentythree  three Twentythree  boys  have  been  received  in  all.  Of  these,  they  consider  four  are  failures,  two  are  provided  for  abroad,  one  has  been  for  some  months  in  service  in  the  country,  and  his  conduct  hitherto  has  been  highly  satisfactory.  The  other  sixteen  are  still  in  the  school.  Of  these,  few  could  be  safely  recom recommended  mended recommended  to  service  ;  but  the  other  sixteen  have  not  been  in  the  school  long  enough  to  show  a  material  improvement.  AN  EXECUTION  IN  FRANCE.—The  trial  and  condemnation  to  death  about  a  month  ago  of  a  man  named  Bony,  by  the  Court  of  Assizes  of  the  Seine-et-Marne,  for  the  murder  of  a  banker  and  his  wife  at  Provins,  will  not  be  forgotten.  The  case,  it  will  be  remembered,  was  one  of  peculiar  atrocity.  The  man  murdered  the  banker  as  he  sat  at  his  office  desk  by  striking  him  furiously  on  the  head  with  a  hatchet  ;  then  he  murdered  his  wife,  who  went  to  his  assistance,  by  assail assailing  ing assailing  her  in  the  same  way  ;  he  afterwards  collected  all  the  money  he  could  find  ;  then  he  attempted  to  commit  a  criminal  assault  on  the  servant  girl,  and  he  afterwards  drank  rum  and  other  liquors  until  he  became  partially  intoxicated  and  fell  fast  asleep.  The  servant  girl,  on  seeing  him  in  that  state,  slipped  out  of  the  house,  and  gave  information  to  the  Gendarmerie.  He  was  immediately  arrested.  After  his  condemnation  he  paid  great  attention  to  the  exhor exhortations  tations exhortations  of  the  chaplain,  and  expressed  repentance.  He  appealed  to  the  Court  of  Cassation  against  his  condemna condemnation,  tion, condemnation,  but  when  his  appeal  was  rejected  he  refused  to  pray  for  pardon,  saying  that  afte  r  suc  h  cr  i  mes  as  h  e  h  a  d  com committed  mitted committed  his  life  would  not  be  a  sufficiently  great  sacrifice  to  expiate  them.  On  the  sth  of  this  month  he  addressed  the  following  letter  to  his  mother  from  the  gaol  at  Melun  :  dear  Mother,—My  greatest  sorrow  is  to  see  that  I  cause  so  much  to  you.  The  chaplain  has  communicated  your  letter  to  me.  Poor  mother  !  How  happy  1  should  be  if  all  my  afflictions  only  concerned  my myself  self myself  ;  and  with  what  courage  I  should  support  the  weight  of  my  chains  if  the  greatest  part  of  my  sufferings  were  not  to  fall  on  my  dear  mother  !  Alas  !  the  band  of  God  weighs  terribly  ou  us;  but  let  His  holy  will  be  done  !  Let  us  pray  to  Him  to  accord  us  the  patience  and  resigna resignation  tion resignation  necessary  to  support  the  great  trial.  Let  us  place  our  confidence  in  the  Holy  Virgin  Mary,  the  consoling  mother  of  repentant  sinners,  and  let  us  abandon  ourselves  to  her.  She  will  open  to  us  the  holy  path  in  which  I  have  had  the  happiness  to  enter,  and  which  alone  can  give  us  the  hope  of  meeting  in  a  no  th  er  wor  ld  .  H  ow  much  I  feel  at  present  all  the  affection  which  my  heart  contains  for  you,  dear  mother  ;  and  with  what  bitterness,  what  sorrow,  and  what  regret  I  feel  the  privation  of  being  able  to  confide  it  to  your  maternal  bosom  !  It  is  one  of  the  greatest  sacrifices  which  I  offer  to  God  before,  making  that  of  my  life  ;  and  I  hope  that  He  will  be  merciful  enough  to  accept  it  in  expia expiation  tion expiation  of  my  faults,  and  to  grant  to  me  my  portion  of  eternal  happiness,  where  I  can  await  my  dear  mother.  Let  us  place  ourselves  in  His  holy  keeping.  Adieu!  Adieu  !  dear  mother,—worthy  of  a  better  recompense  for  your  old  days.  Oh  !  pardon  your  unfortunate  and  guilty  son  the  torments  which  he  has  caused  you,  and  let  that  be  his  last  consola consolation  tion consolation  on  earth.  Once  again,  adieu,  dear  mother,  and  adieu  to  my  brothers  and  sisters.  Pray  for  me,  as  I  pray  for  you.  I  embrace  you  all  with  a  sorrowful  embrace,  and  for  the  last  He  likewise  addressed  a  letter,  expressing  the  most  fervent  piety,  to  the  sister  superior  of  the  hospital  of  Provins.  On  Wednesday  the  order  arrived  for  his  removal  to  Provins  to  be  executed.  He  received  it  with  resignation.  He  was  asked  if  he  would  not  make  an  appeal  to  the  government  for  a  commutation  of  his  sentence,  but  he  again  refused,  saying  that  his  strongest  desire  was  to  expiate  his  crimes  by  his  death.  On  Thursday  morning  the  scaffold  was  erected  in  the  Place  Saint  Ayoul,  at  Provins.  Although  the  cold  was  very  great  an  immense  crowd  assembled.  At  8  o'clock  the  condemned  ap  - STYLE=superscript  eare.l  •'  he  was  listening  with  great  humility  to  th  e  ex  h  ortat  i  ons  of  the  priest.  The  crowd,  which  had  been  rather  noise,  became  silent  the  Moment  he  was  seen,  and  when  he  ascended  the  scaffold,  a  great  number  fell  on  their  knees  and  prayed.  The  scone  at  this  moment  was  peculiarly  solemn.  A  few  seconds  after  the  knife  fell.  —Galignani's  Messener"
