text
"and  worked  on  lull  his  verance  and  assiduity  La..  --  This  he  was  spending  when  the  mayor  met  him,  in  works  of  charity  in  acknowledgment  of  God's  goodness,  and  attributed  his  SUCCCS  S  i  n  li  fe  to  his  sobriety,  an  d  never  entering  'a  public  house.  In  conclusion,  his  worship  hoped  that  though  out  of  the  committee  would  not  fail  to  invite  him  again  to  Assemblies.  (Applause).  .  mafortuneof£lob,ooo  THE  PRESTON  STRIKE  LFROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER  PRESTON,  SATURDAY  EVENING  Premising  that  the  conduct  of  the  multitude  of  unem unemployed  ployed unemployed  factory  operatives  thronging  our  streets  continues  to  be  most  exemplary,  marked,  as  it  is,  by  a  strict  observance  of  the  law,  I  proceed  to  report  what  has  transpired  since  the  date  of  my  last  despatch.  TRADES'  DELEGATE  MEETING.  Last  evening,  delegates  from  the  various  trades  of  this  town  met  at  the  Farmers'  Arms,  and  adopted  the  annexed  resolution  That  we,  the  trades'  delegates,  assembled  for  the  purpose  of  inquiring  into  the  affairs,  and  supporting  the  cause  of  the  factory  operatives,  have,  after  mature  delibera deliberation  tion deliberation  on  the  unhappy  differences  existing  between  them  and  their  employers,  found,  that  the  speech  of  Mr.  Cowell,  in  re reply  ply reply  to  the  Editor  of  the  Times,  coupled  with  that  of  the  address  emanating  from  the  committee  of  the  power-loom  weavers,  in  answer  to  the  masters'  address,  to  be  an  honest  exposition  of  the  differences  alluded  to,  that  the  statements  severally  put  forth  are  a  just  refutation  of  the  allegations  recently  made  by  the  associated  masters  ;  and  that  conse consequently  quently consequently  we  have  implicit  confidence  in  the  operatives  and  their  several.  committees  ;  and  that,  so  long  as  they  continue  to  act  in  the  same  peaceable  and  orderly  mann  er  as  h  as  hitherto  characterized  their  proceedings,  we  will  give  them  our  sympathy  and  OPEN  AIR  MEETING  OF  OPERATIVES  This  afternoon,  a  meeting  was  convened  in  the  Orchard,  at  which  Mr.  George  Cowell  was  called  upon  to  preside.  The  attendance  was  not  so  numerous  as  upon  some  former  occasions.  The  CHAIRMAN  criticised  the  masters'  manifesto,  charging  the  authors  of  it  with  mi  sre  p  resentat  i  on  and  falsehood.  He  challenged  them  to  a  discussion.  Let  them  have  a  meeting  in  the  Theatre,  the  Temperance-hall,  or  the  Corn  Exchange,  and  when  both  parties  had  been  heard,  the  public  would  be  able  to  judge  who  was  in  the  right.  In  the  masters'  ad-  I  dress  it  was  stated  that  the  weavers  of  Messrs.  Birley  were  the  best  paid  in  th  3  town.  That  showed  how  they  could  misstate  facts.  The  cloth  made  at  Birley's  was  of  a  fine  fabric,  and  the  weavers  had  asked  for  an  advance  of  14d.  upon  two  cuts—an  eightpenny  and  a  sevenpenny  one.  That  was  sufficient  to  rebut  the  assertion  that  they  had  turned  out  after  having  been  offered  an  advance  of  Id.  per  cut.  With  respect  to  the  statement  that  the  hands  of  Messrs.  Birley  were  the  best  paid  in  the  town,  he  had  mentioned  the  supe superior  rior superior  quality  of  the  cloth  they  wove,  and  now  it  only  remained  for  him  to  finish  the  contradiction  by  stating  that  those  hands  would  not  have  received  so  .  much  as  the  hands  of  Mr.  Paul  Catterall  by  id.  in  the  two  cuts  he  had  quoted.  As  to  Mr.  Bashall's  hands,  they  were  not  offered  any  advance  until  they  struck  work,  and  when  a  deputation  had  an  interview  with  their  employer,  they  were  unable  to  come  to  any  pro proper  per proper  understanding.  Something  was  said  about  Mr.  Taylor's  hands  ceasing  work  on  account  of  the  dismissal  of  an  over overlooker.  looker. overlooker.  Now  it  so  happened  that  the  overlooker  who  was  discharged  had  been  one  who  had  made  himself  busy  in  the  affairs  of  the  union.  The  conduct  of  the  hands  was  only  such  as  might  naturally  be  expected  under  the  circumstances,  one  who  had  sought  to  promote  their  welfare  being  dis dismissed,  missed, dismissed,  and  a  new  man  introduced.  Looking  at  the  general  aspect  of  the  10  per  cent.  question,  he  felt  assured  there  was  no  reason  to  despair  of  success,  for  the  whole  country  sym sympathised  pathised sympathised  with  them,  and  rendered  them  pecuniary  support.  Mr.  BROWN  (of  Blackburn)  and  Mr.  GitnonAlu  (of  Great  Harwood)  subsequently  addressed  the  meeting,  but  enunciated  nothing  new.  Three  cheers  having  been  given  for  the  ten  per  cent,  the  assembly  dispersed.  THE  BOILER  EXPLOSION  AT  BLACKBURN.  CORONER'S  INQUEST.  BLACKBURN,  SATURDAY  NIGHT.  The  district  coroner,  Mr.  J.  Hargreaves,  commenced  an  inquest  this  morning  at  the  sessions'  room,  in  this  town,  on  view  of  the  bodies  of  the  seven  sufferers  by  the  boiler  explosion  at  Mr.  Hesketh's  weaving  shed,  Starkie-street,  on  Wednesday  last.  Subjoined  is  a  correct  list  of  the  deceased  :—Edward  Sharpies,  engine  tender,  aged  b  3;  Thomas  Sharpies,  weaver,  son  of  the  above,  17  ;  Thomas  Bretherton,  loomer,  36;  James  Howarth,  fireman,  27  ;  James  Clegg,  weaver,  43  ;  William  Benn,  painter,  27  ;  and  Croft  Robinson,  five  months.  Several  others  are  not  expected  to  recover.  Mr,  Backhouse  appeared  for  Mr.  Hesketh,  and  Mr.  Clough  for  the  owners  of  the  adjacent  property  destroyed  or  damaged  by  the  explosion.  Mier  viewing  the  bodies,  the  jury  visited  the  site  of  the  disaster,  and  made  a  minute  examination  .of  the  boiler.  On,  their  return  to  the  court-house,  Ralph  Tomlinson  was  examined.  He  deposed—l  am  a  power  loom  weaver  and  was  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  William  Hesketh.  Was  at  work  there  on  Wednesday  morning  last.  About  eight  o  clock,  I  went  to  get  my  breakfast  in  the  boiler  house.  Having  finished  my  breakfast,  I  came  out  'of  the  boiler  house  into  the  street,  when  my  attention  was  attracted  to  some  singers,  and  I  thought  I  would  stay  out  till  half  past  Eight.  Whilst  I  was  listening  to  the  sinsers.the  boiler  exploded  something  like  a  blast  us  a  delph  .  1.  was  un unable  able unable  to  see  anything  for  steam  and  The  weav weaving  ing weaving  sheet  dropped  in  before  I  could  get  accross  the  street,  and  the  materials  were  widely  scattered  around.  The  boiler  was  driven  through  several  walls  across  the  street  and  em embedded  bedded embedded  itself  in  the  brewhouse  under  the  dancing  room  of  tho  Floooo  inn.  El  w  two  bodies  In  the  ruins  but.  was  unable  to,  recognize  them.  The  engine  tender  was  called  Old  Ido  not  know  him  by  any  other  name.  About:two  or  three  minutes  before  the  explosion  I  lit  my  pipe  with  him  ;  he  was  then  on  the  boiler.  I  left  him  there.—Saw  nothing  unusal  about  the  boiler  when  I  lit  my  pipe.—lts  a  thing  I  don't  understand.  Had  got  my  breakfast  in  the  boiler  house  re regulary  gulary regulary  every  morning  for  twelve  months.  Did  not  notice  whether  the  steam  was  blowing  offon  Wednesday  morning.—  Don't,know  what  steam  is  ?  By  Mr.  BACKHOUSE.—There  were  four  people  in  the  boiler  house  besides  myself  at  breakfast  time  on  Wednesday,  viz  Old  and  his  son,  the  fire  beater  (Howarth),  and  a  little  boy  who  worked  in  the  shuttlem.h...s  snop,  over  the  engine  house.  Did  not  a  word  said  as  to  whether  the  engine  was  ready  for  starting,  or  anything  of  that  kind.  Willi9m.  wllson.  —I  knew  Edward  Sharpies,  engine  tender,  at  ,tiesketh'S.  Saw  his  dead  body  on  Wednesday  last,  after  the  explosion.  His  son  Thomas  was  cut  at  the  back  of  the  head,  his  breast  crushed  in,  and  an  iron  bolt  or  screw  had  penetrated  the  lower  part  of  his  abdomen.  He  was  out  of  work,  and  had  gone  down  to  the  shed  to  see  his  father  when  the  explosion  occurred.  Richard  Sharpies  proved  that  the  deceased,  Edward  Sharpies,  had  been  an  engine  tender  14  or  16  years.  George  Duesden  witnessed  the  explosion.  Removed  Sharpies  to  the  Fleece  Inn.  He  died  that  night.  Thomas  Rossthorn.—Was  overlooker  of  weavers  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  Hesketh.  Knew  the  deceased,  Thomas  Bre Bretherton.  therton. Bretherton.  When  I  last  saw  him  alive  he  was  smoking  his  pipe  in  the  boiler  house.  Saw  Bretherton  lying  dead  at  the  Fleece  shortly  after  the  accident.  By  Mr.  Backhouse.—Had  known  the  engine  tender,  Ed Edward  ward Edward  Sharpies,  for  several  years  tending  an  engine  for  Mr.  Switherbank,  of  Green  Bank,  Have  frequently  gone  to  the  boiler  house  to  have  a  after  breakfast.  Cannot  speak  to  the  amount  of  power  required  to  work  the  looms.  Have  repeatedly  heard  Hesketh  caution  Sharpies  about  having  the  steam  too  high.  I  myself  have  also  cautioned  him.  Last  week,  particularly,  I  heard  Mr  Hesketh  cheek  him,  and  tell  him  not  to  keep  the  steam  too  high.  A  new  boiler  had  been  ordered.  When  I  left  the  boiler  house,  im immediately  mediately immediately  before  the  explosion,  the  parties  in  it  were,  Thomas  Bretherton,  James  Howarth,  Edward  Sharpies,  and  his  son.  A  AMOR—Did  you  notice  any  steam  blowing  off  differ different  ent different  on  that  morning  ?  Witness—No  ;it  was  much  as  usual.  The  reason  I  checked  Sharples  was,  the  engine  was  running  too  fast  for  my  looms.  The  engine  had  a  governor.  '—l  thought  it  must  have  too  much  steam  on.—Never  noticed  what  the  steam  guage  indicated.  The  looms  have  gone  foster  since  Howarth  was  the  fire  beater.  I  fancy  Sharples  was  in  the  habit  of  running  the  engine  as  long  as  possible  without  putting  water  in  the  boiler,  and  that  he  with  water  all  at  once  at  meal  times.  James  Cope  proved  that  Sharpies  was  in  the  habit  of  having  the  steam  as  high  at  stopping  time  as  when  he  was  at  work,  instead  of  lowering  it  gradually.  He  was  often  complained  of  when  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  Swithenbank.  Have  hoard  Mr.  Hesketh's  father-in-law,  Wm.  Harwood,  cheek  him  repeatedly  about  getting  the  steam  up  too  soon.  Last  week  the  engine  stopped  about  an  hour  before  the  pro proper  per proper  time,  and  I  went  down  to  the  boiler-house  to  see  what  was  the  matter.  Found  that  Mr.  Hesketh  had  ordered  the  engine  to  be  stopped,  until  more  was  put  into  the  boiler.  On  Wednesday  I  was  on  the  spot  immediately  after  the  ex explosion.  plosion. explosion.  Ephraim  Shorroek  was  the  first  we  got  out;  he  is  still  alive.  I  next  found  Thomas  Bretherton,  he  lay  at  the  end  of  the  boiler-house,  a  bag  of  The  body  was  so  much  disfigured  that  I  was  unable  to  recognize  it  un until  til until  after  its  removal.  By  Mr.  BACKHOUSE  :  Don't  know  the  power  of  the  en engine.  gine. engine.  All  that  it  did  besides  driving  Hesketh's  looms  was  to  work  two  shuttle  maker's  machines.  Sharpies  was  apt  to  keep  his  steam  too  high  at  stopping  time  :  the  same  as  in  the  middle  of  the  day.  Instead  of  opening  the  fire-hole  door  'when  the  hands  were  at  meals,  he  used  to  keep  it  closed.  Don't  know  the  pressure  at  which  the  boiler  was  generally  worked.  I  have  seen  steam  blow  off,  but,not  much.  There  was  a  safety-valve  on  the  top  of  the  boiler,  but  I  did  not  notice  the  weight  upon  it.  Ann  Robinson—:The  - STYLE=superscript  decased  Robert  Robinson  was  my  son.  Our  hou.,e  was  next  to  Mr.  Hesketh's  weaving  sheet.  On  Wednesday  morning  I  had  gone  across  the  street  when  the  explosion  took  place.  I  left  in  the  house  Thos.  Brooks,  a  lodger,  and  three  of  my  children.—Robert  was  in  bed;  the  other  two  followed  me  to  the  door.  William  Benn,  who  also  lodged  with  us,  had  gone  out  at  the  back  door  into  the  yard.  I  was  in  a  shop  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  street  at  the  time  of  the  explosion.  A  cloud  of  ashes  came  against  the  window  and  made  it  dark.  As  soon  as  I  could  I  ran  out  to  look  for  my  children.  The  house  had  been  blown  down.  My  husband  discovered  two  of  the  children  in  the  ruins—  Betsy  and  Thomas  ;  they  were  seriously  hurt.  Some  time  elapsed  before  Robert  was  found—he  was  dead.  Michael.  Dean—Was  one  who  searched  amongst  the  ruins  for  those  buried  underneath,  rani  the  deceased  child,  •  Robert  Robinson,  in  bed.  The  child  appeared  to  have  worked  itself  into  one  of  the  sheets  and  got  fast.  The  child  was  dead,  and  appeared  to  have  been  suffocated  in  the  sheet.  William  Dobson—Found  the  body  of  William  Benn  under  a  heap  of  wood,  stone  and  bricks.  The  finding  and  identity  of  the  other  bodies  having  been  proved,  The  Coroner  suggested  the  desirability  of  taking  the  opinion  of  some  scientific  man,  with  regard  to  the  condition  of  the  boiler.  Mr.  Fairbairn  and  Mr.  Nasmith,  of  Manchester,  are  to  be  consulted  upon  the  subject.  _  The  inquiry  - STYLE=superscript  was  adjourned  to  Saturday  next  IRELAND  (PROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  SATURDAY  EVENING  THE  FLOODS  The  reports  received  from  the  provinces  to-day,  represent  the  waters  as  having  in  great  degree  subsided,  but  the  sufferers  from  the  calamity  are  left  in  a  condition  of  great  distress.  In  Cork,  on  Thursday  night,  over  400  families  received  relief  in.  the  shape  of  food,  shelter,  and  bedding,  through  the  medium  of  the  mayor's  secretary,  and  yester yesterday  day yesterday  a  public  meeting  was  held,  which  was  influen influentially  tially influentially  attended;  and  at  which  it  was  at  once  agreed  to  enter  on  a  subscription  to  alleviate  the  condition  of  the  poorer  sufferers  by  the  inundation.  The  Examiner  of  yesterday  evening,  describes  the  then  state  of  the  streets  to  be  unusual  and  extraordinary.  They  are  chiefly  covered  with  sand,  and  many  of  the  quays  completely  denuded  of  facing  stones.  All  the  bridges  are  injured,  and  breaches  made  in  more  than  one.  The  number  of  persons  who  have  lost  their  lives  by  the  breaking  down  of  Patrick's  bridge  is  not  yet  ascertained,  but  some  bodies  have  been  discovered  and  iden identified  tified identified  In  Mallow  three  persons  were  drowned,  and  over  twenty  head  of  cattle,  whilst  in  Fermoy,  Macroom,  and  Limerick,  the  flood  is  described  as  having  carried  away  hay,  corn,  horses,  and  even  casks  of  whiskey,  belonging  to  the  traders  of  the  towns.  The  floods  are  however  now  greatly  on  the  decline,  and  it  is  hoped  that,  some  apportion apportionate  ate apportionate  estimate  of  the  damage  may  be  soon  ascertained.  As  yet  itjhas  been  impossible  to  make  any  calcu calculation  lation calculation  on  the  subject."
