text
"DOCK  COMMITTEE.-YESTERDAY.  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  the  committee  was  held  on  yesterday,  in  the  dock  offices,  Mr.  C.  TURNER.,  in  the  The  other  members  present  were—Messrs.  Shand,  Ran Rankin,  kin, Rankin,  Smith,  Rounthwaite,  Holden,  Malcomson,  Barber,  Littledale,  Healing,  Chaloner,  Brocklebauk,  Robinson,  Roy Royden,  den, Royden,  Robertson  Gladstone,  Lockett,  and  Evans.  The  sub-committee  of  works  reported  the  purchase  of  a  dwelling-house,  No.  41,  south  side  of  Sparling-street,  for  £450,  it  being  wanted  for  the  arrangements  of  the  London  and.  North  Western  Railway  Committee.  Confirmed.  Mr.  BARBER  wished  to  know  if  numbers  of  their  work workmen  men workmen  at  the  granite  quarries  in  Scotland  had  not  left  their  employment,  and  if  many  more  were  not  likely  to  follow,  in  consequence  of  the  dearness  of  provisions,  and  other  causes  ?  He  understood  that  the  work  required  particularly  skilled  labour,  and  he  therefore  thought  it  would  be  well  to  insti institute  tute institute  some  inquiry  to  see  whether  it  would  not  be  well  to  an anticipate  ticipate anticipate  their  requirements  in  that  particular.  The  SURVEYOR  replied  that  skilled  labour  was  not  at  all  required  at  those  quarries.  The  commonest  labour  sufficed,  and  for  that  description  of  employment  they  had  too  many  applications.  The  warehouse  sub-committee  recommended  that  James  Gaskill  and  David  Johnston  be  appointed  asssistants  at  the  transit  sheds,  to  fill  up  the  vacancies  caused  by  the  dismissal  of  T.  Fry,  and  the  promotion  of  John  Edgar.  Confirmed.  They  also  recommended  the  dismissal  of  James  Forster,  de-  ivery  foreman  at  the  Albert  dock  warehouses.  Mr.  R.  GLADSTONE  inquired  what  was  the  cause  of  the  ismissal  ?  lie  thought  it  would  be  well  to  state  the  cause  m  all  cases  of  dismissal.  The  CHAIRMAN  replied  that  in  this  instance  there  could  be  no  — STYLE=superscript  objection  to  state  the  cause,  inasmuch  as  it  had  been  the  subject  of  a  public  prosecution;  but  it  was  questionable  whether  it  would  be  prudent  for  them  to  state  the  cause  in  all  cases.  It  might  subject  them  to  an  action.  In  this  in instance,  stance, instance,  however,  the  cause  of  dismissal  was  the  robbery  from  the  warehouse  of  goods  of  which  Foster  had  charge.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  observed  he  had  asked  the  question,  be because  cause because  he  conceived  that  the  public  who  paid  those  men  should  always  know  the  reason  of  their  disnlissal.  .  The  recommendation  of  the  sub-committee  was  adopted.  Mr.  Gladstone's  suggestion  to  he  taken  into  consideration.  The  marine  sub-committee  produced  a  chart  of  the  chan channel  nel channel  as  corrected  from  the  last  survey.  The  harbour  masters'  sub-committee  reported  the  r  esig esigti  ti esigti  on  of  Mr.  Williams,  who  held  the  situation  of  clerk  in  the  office,  and  recommended  that  the  vacancy  be  filled  up.  The  CHAIRMAN  observed  that  Mr.  Williams  had  always  performed  his  duty  diligently,  and  that  he  left  the  service  as  he  had  received  a  better  situation.  The  sub-committee  also  reported  the  death  of  Thomas  Moore,  gateman  at  the  Sandon  dock,  and  recommended  that  the  present  office  for  regulating  graving-docks  be  enlarged  according  to  the  plan  submitted  ;  the  estimated  cost  being  from  GO/.  to  701.  Confirmed.  A  letter  was  read  from  the  owners  of  the  cargo  of  the  demanding  compensation  for  damage  done  to  the  cargo,  on  the  occasion  of  the  drying  of  the  dock,  when  the  vessel  herself  was  injured.  The  CHAIRMAN  observed  that  the  committee  disclaimed  all  liability  in  this  matter.  Mr.  LocKErr  said  that  the  best  evidence  that  the  injury  to  the  vessel  was  not  through  their  fault,  that  the  master  himself  paid  his  own  expenses.  The  letter  was  referred  to  the  solicitor.  A  communication  was  read  from  Messrs.  John  De  Wolf,  and  Co.,  to  the  effect  that  as  they  had  learned  that  the  com committee  mittee committee  were  about  letting  one  of  the  graving-docks  to  the  British  North  American  steam-ship,  company,  they  begged  that  the  same  favour  be  accorded  to  them.  The  CHAIRMAN  remarked  that  they  .  were  not  about  to  let  any  dock  to  the  British  North  American  steam-ship  com company,  pany, company,  and  that  if  at  any  time  they  considered  the  subject,_  the  present  application  would  be  also  entertained.  Mr.  R.  GLADSTONE  asked  what  was  the  gross  amount  received  from  the  graving  -docks,  or  what  per  tentage  they  paid  ?  The  CHAIRMAN  :  My  impression  is  that  they  pay  us  tl%  o-and-a-half  per  cent.  Mr.  It.  GLADSTONE  said  they  were  told  that  the  public  graving-docks  were  the  cause  of  the  disputes  between  the  ship-carpenters  and  their  masters,  and  if  by  letting  the  docks  to  private  individuals  they  benefited  the  trade,  and  in  place  of  two-and-a-half  got  four  per  cent.  on  their  money,  he  did  not  see  why  they  should  not  do  so.  Mr.  LOCKETT  replied  that  in  that  case  they  would  nothave  graving-docks  enough  to  supply  the  trade,  as  every  carpenter  in  Liverpool  would  want  a  dock  for  himself.  Mr.  BARBER  suggested  that  some  arrangements  should  be  made  with  the  town  council  to  provide  gridirons  for  the  use  of  vessels  at  the  other  side  of  the  river.  Much  incon-  venience  was  caused  to  vessel;at  present  owing  to  the  fact,  that  from  the  position  of  the  gridirons  at  the  Liverpool  side,  they  could  not  dry  soon  enough.  Mr.  LocxETT  observed  that  large  ships  would  not  like  to  cross  the  river  without  being  ballasted,  particularly  at  this  time  of  the  year,  and  he  therefore  thought  that  Mr.  Barber's  suggestion  would  not  obviate  the  evil.  Mr.  BARBER  differed  with  Mr.  Lockett.  Numbers  of  vessels  would  stand  on  without  any  ballast  at  all.  Mr.  R.  GLADSTONE  :  Tle  T  understand  that  at  the  other  side  of  the  river  the  gridiron  is  more  elevated  above  the  level  of  low  water  than  is  the  case  in  Liverpool  ?  Mr.  BARBER  :  Yes.  They  are  there  six  or  seven  feet  above  the  level,  and  the  consequence  is  that  .they  can  do  four  times  the  work  upon  the  gridiron  at  the  other  side  than  they  can  do  on  any  of  them  at  this  side.  The  CHAIRMAN  thought  the  application  should  be  direct  from  the  shipowners  to  the  council  and  not  through  the  committee.  _  _  Mr.  ROYDEN  said  that  the  whole  evil  referred  to  arose  entirely  from  this  fact,  that  there  were  not  half  enough  men  in  Liverpool  to  do  the  work  ;  and  if  Mr.  Barber  had  got  more  work  done  on  the  Cheshire  than  on  this  side,  it  was  in  consequence  of  the  number  of  men  he  had.  Mr.  BARBER  replied  that  it  was  not.  Mr.  ROYDEN  continued  so  say  that  the  evil  arose  from  the  want  of  men,  and  the  consequence  was  that  one  man  was  giving  a  shilling  more  than  the  other  until  the  men,  in  some  cases,  got  10s.  a aday.  day. aday.  He  was  sorry  to  say  that  some  of  them  had  not  fortitude  enough  to  take  care  of  themselves  under  these  new  c  ircumstances,  and  accordingly  evil  was  rendered  still  worse,  so  that  in  the  case  of  almost  every  ship  there  was  a  constant  begging  of  time.  In  some  measure  Mr.  Barber  was  right  in  what  he  had  said  ;  but  there  were  suffi sufficient  cient sufficient  graving  -docks,  if  they  had  sufficient  men.  Mr.  R.  GLADSTONE  said  that  Mr.  Royden  should  recollect  that  the  parties  who  applied  for  the  graving  -docks,  made  no  complaint  with  regard  to  the  want  of  men.  Mr.  BARBER  remarked  that  it  was  very  important  to  the  commerce  of  the  town,  that  there  should  be  every  oppor opportunity  tunity opportunity  for  doing  with  dispatch  patch-work  to  vessels.  Mr.  ROYDEN  did  not  see  even  if  they  were  inclined  to  let  the  gravin  g  -docks  to  private  individuals,  how  they  could  do  it  under  the  present  act  of  parliament.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  You  could  not  do  it  under  the  existing  act.  It  was  referred  to  the  surveyor  to  see  whether  the  present  gridirons  could  not  be  improved.  A  letter  was  read  from  Mr.  Rudd,  manager  of  the  Wood Woodside  side Woodside  Ferry,  enclosing  a  memorial  signed  by  450  residents  of  that  locality,  praying  that  the  approach  to  the  landing landingstage  stage landingstage  might  be  improved.  The  memorial  will  be  taken  into  consideration  when  the  alterations  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Nova  Scotia  and  James's James'sstreet  street James'sstreet  arc  about  being  effected.  A  letter  was  read  from  Mr.  John  Kennedy,  master  porter,  urging  the  propriety  of  allowing  the  same  person  to  be  and  act  as  a  master-porter  and  stevedore  at  the  same  time.  He  stated  that  he  had  brought  the  subject  before  the  sub-com sub-committee  mittee sub-committee  before,  and  argued  that  the  alterations  he  suggested  would  be  of  great  advantage  to  vessels,  particularly  to  steamers,  which  required  to  be  discharged  in  as  brief  a  time  as  possible.  Mr  eiliarkea  - STYLE=superscript  that  the  sub-committee  had  thought  it  ad  risable  that  the  two  offices  should  b...p.r  atoa,  n,enrdinel  been  passed.  It  was  thought  that  the  one  would  be  a  check  upon  tile  other,  and  that  the  safe  and  expeditious  discharge  of  cargo  would  be  by  this  means  best  insured  They  had  applied  several  times  to  the  council  on  the  subject,  and  the  town  clerk  always  stated  that  it  would  not  be  advisable  for  the  council  to  exercise  any  control  whatever  over  the  steve stevedoors,  doors, stevedoors,  who  were  an  exceedingly  mixed  holy.  Mr.  R.  GLADSTONE  :  Don't  you  think  that  in  proportion  as  you  increase  the  responsibility,  you  will  get  a  better  class  of  men  to  accept  of  those  duties  ?  Mr.  ROBINSON  replied  that  there  was  no  compulsion  on  any  shipowner  to  discharge  his  ship  with  these  men.  Mr.  BARBER  said  there  was  one  serious  objection  to  em employ  ploy employ  the  same  party  in  both  capacities.  It  was  the  duty  of  the  master-porter  to  see  that  the  goods  were  delivered  from  the  ship  in  proper  order  before  he  received  them.  A  great  great  deal  of  injury  was  caused  by  working  out,  and  that  being  done  to  economise  labour,  if  the  same  party  did  both  duties,  there  would  be  no  one  to  check  the  proper  delivery  of  the  goods  at  the  ship's  side.  The  injury  would  not  be  dis discovered  covered discovered  until  the  goods  were  at  the  warehouse,  and  then,  the  only  but  troublesome  remedy  would  be  to  send  them  back  to  the  ship,  for  once  they  were  received  within  the  warehouse,  complaint  would  be  of  little  avail.  The  letter  was  referred  to  the  master-porters'  sub-com sub-committee.  mittee. sub-committee.  Mr.  R.  GLADSTONE  wished  to  know  why  the  practice  of  giving  stamped  receipts  for  dock  dues  bad  been  stopped;  the  matter  had  given  rise  to  much  complaint  outside  doors.  The  CHAIRMAN  replied  that  they  never  gave  stamped  re receipts  ceipts receipts  for  dock  dues.  The  paper  was  merely  crossed  in  order  to  prevent  fraud,  and  the  practice  had  been  discontinued  for  this  reason,  —that  the  solicitor  thought  it  exceedingly  doubtful  whether  or  not  it  might  not  be  construed  as  coming  within  the  act.  The  Somerrou  :  And  instead  of  throwing  obstacles  in  the  way  of  the  commission  of  frauds,  it  was  found  to  facilitate  them.  Mr.  R  GLADSTONE  thought  that  if  there  were  any  ques question,  tion, question,  as  to  whether  or  not  they  were  bound  to  make  use  of  the  penny  stamp  receipts,  the  sooner  the  matter  was  decided  the  better.  He  did  not  see  why  public  bodies  should  be  exemplified,  and  private  individuals  prosecuted  for  not  making  use  of  the  penny  stamp.  Mr.  MALCOMSON  said  that  the  public  would  compel  them  to  do  it.  At  present,  on  a  man  passing  entries,  they  had  no"
