text
"itlunfripaT  eltrtion.  TO  THE  ELECTORS  OF  SCOTLAND  WARD  GENTLEMEN,  ITAVING  received  a  Requisition  numerously  and  respec respectably,  tably, respectably,  signed,  requesting  me  to  allow  myself  to  be  put  in  Nomination  as  a  CANDIDATE  to  reprep‘mt  your  Ward  in  the  Town  Council,  I  have  much  pleasure  in  complying  with  your  request.  Should  I  be  elected,  it  will  be  my  constant  endeavour  to  discharge  the  duties  devolving  on  me  in  such  a  manner  as  will  promote  the  interests  of  the  Ward  and  the  town  gene generally..'  rally..' generally..'  •  r  have  the  honour  to  be,  - STYLE=superscript  Gentlemen,  your  obedient  Servant,  JAMES  JACK.  Pleasant,  Liverpool,  Oct.  29,  1853.  TO  THE  BURGESSES  OF  LIME-STREET  WARD  GENTLEMEN,  I.  Accept  the  invitation,  which  I  h  ave  h  a  d  th  e  honour  to  receive  from  a  numerous  and  influential  body  of  Electors  of  the  Ward,  to  become  a  Candidate  at  the  approaching  Election,  for  a  seat  in  the  Town  Council,  as  one  of  your  Representatives.  The  subject  which  at  this  period  more  particularly  enga engages  ges engages  the  attention  of  the  Council  and  the  Inhabitants  of  the  Borough,  is,  the  Improvements  of  the  Town.  I  b  e  li  eve  that  no  part  of  the  community  is  more  interested  in  this  question  than  yourselves  ;  not  only  from  the  central  position  of  your  ward,  but  on  account  of  its  possessing  so  many  places  of  public  resort,  viz  :  —the  Theatres,  the  Concert-hall,  St.  John's  Market,  the  Railway  Station,  and  St.  George's  Hall.  To  this  subject  your  Representatives  have  given  their  best  attention,  ,and  have  supported  those  Improve Improvements,  ments, Improvements,  which,  in  their  opinion,  are  first  called  for,  and  which  will  be  embodied  in  an  application  to  Parliament  in  the  ensuing  Session.  I  take  this  opportunity  of  returning  my  sincere  thanks  for  the  kindness  and  courtesy  which  I  have  received  from  you,  during  the  twelve  yeas  I  have  been  honoured  with  your  confidence,  _  _  I  remain,  Gentlemen,  you  obedient  Servant,  JOHN  B.  LLOYD  ,  Exchange  Alley,  20th  October,  1853  TO  THE  ELECTORS  OF  ,ABERCROMBY  WARD.  '  GENTLEMEN,  ON  TUESDAY  nex'  -you  will  be  called  upon  to  exercise  the  most  I.onourable  and  responsible  privi privilege  lege privilege  a  citizen  can  en:4ly—that  of  choosing  a  gentleman  to  represent  you  in  tlanocal  parliament.  _  Inhere  ever  was  a  time  when  this  duty  should  be  dis discharged  charged discharged  freely  and  fearlessly,  most  assuredly,  it  is  the  pre present.  sent. present.  Improvements  in  our  thoroughfares  have  been  de declared  clared declared  to  be  necessary,  and  considerable  sums  of  money  will  be  required'  to  give  effect  to  this  declaration.  It  is  neces necessary,  sary, necessary,  therefore,  that  you  should  send  into  the  Council  Cham Chamber,  ber, Chamber,  a  gentleman,  competent  not  only  to  form  a  correct  opinion,  but  possessing  the  ability  to  give  expression  to  his  conviction.  In  Mu.  BRANCIIIt  you  have  a  Candidate  of  considerable  attainment,  of  thoroughly  independent  principles,  and  pos possessing  sessing possessing  an  extensive  knowledge  of  the  wants  of  the  Town,  combined  with  a  full  detrmination  to  devote  his  great  abi abilities  lities abilities  to  the  benefit  of  his  fellow-townsmen.  The  Election  will  take  place  on  Tuesday  next,  and  it  is  hoped  you  will  early  record  your  votes  in  favour  of  MR.  BRANCXER,  and  thus  secure  an  advavtage  which  shall  give  in  the  Council  Chamber  that  position  to  Abercromby  Ward,  which  its  importance,  and  extensive  interets  demand.  A  personal  canvass  will  not  be  attempted,  and  it  is  be believed  lieved believed  that  the  Electors  will  not  regret  this  determination,  as  the  opinion  is.  now  fast  gaining  ground  that  it  is  a  pro proceeding  ceeding proceeding  derogatory  alike  t  2  the  Elector  and  Candidate.  _  _  _  ...  ...  .  Your  faithful  Servant,  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE,  Chairman.  Committee-room,  Mulberry-street,  Oct.  28,  1853.  The  Committee  for  conducting  Mr.  Brancker's  Election,  meet  every  evening  at  Mr.  Craig's  Mulberry-street.  TO  THE  ELECTORS  OF  ABERCROMBY  WARD.  GENTLEMEN,  ADeputation  from  your  Ward  having  waited  upon  me  and  requested  me  to  allow  myself  to  be  nominated  as  a  Candidate  for  your  suffrages  at  the  en ensuing  suing ensuing  Municipal  Election,  I  have  consented  to  place  myself  at  your  disposal,  and  if  you  are  pleased  to  elect  me,  I  will  do  my  very  best  endeavours  to  serve  the  interests  of  your  Ward,  as  well  as  those  of  the  Town  gene generally.  rally. generally.  As,  if  I  enter  the  Council  at  all,  it  is  my  wish  to  go  there  perfectly  unfettered  by  any  previous  pledges,  I  must  request  you  to  ask  me  for  none,  but  to  believe  that  my  interest  in  the  welfare  of  the  Town  is  sufficiently  large  to  ensure  my  enforcing  such  an  economy  in  the  management  of  its  funds  as  may  be  commensurate  with  its  safety,  prosperity,  and  progress.  _  I  remain,  Gentlemen,  Your  Obedient  Servant,  Y.  HOUGHTON  BRANCKER  Liverpool,  Oct.,  27,  1853  THE'  STEAM-SHIP  GOLDEN  A  GE  FOR  AUSTRALIA.  Is  now  ON  VIEW  in  the  HUSKIS  SON  DOCK;  She  is  largest  and  most  magnificently  fitted  steam steamship  ship steamship  in  the  world.—For  Cards  of  Admission  apply  to  MILLERS  &amp;  THOMPSON,  4,  Drury-lane,  Liverpool.  MARCO  POLO,  FOR  MELBOURNE.  NOTICE  TO  PASSENGERS  The  above  ship  will  proceed  into  the  river  on.  SATURDAY,  the  sth  of  November,  (her  ad advertised  vertised advertised  day.)  Luggage  will  be  taken  on  board,  -  on  Thursday,  the  3rd.,  and  Friday,  the  4th  of  November  A  few  first  and  second  cabin  berths  still  diseng,aged,  Apply  to  the  owners,  JAMES  BAINES  &amp;  CO.,  6,  Cook-street"
