text
"THE  RUGELEY  POISONING  CASES.  ADJOURNED  INQUEST.  AITINATION  OF  PROFESSOR  TAYLOR  (FROM  ova  OWN  REPORTER.)  RUGELEY,  WEDNE  SDAY  N  IGHT  .  This  morning,  at  ten  o  '  c  l  oc  k  ,  the  inquest  upon  the  body  .;'  air.  Walt  er  P  almer,  which  had  been  further  adjourned  ,rona  y  es STYLE=superscript  terday  week,  aft  er  h  ear  i  ng  two  day's  evidence,  Was  resumed.  The  jury  had  requested  the  re-attendance  Of  Professor  Taylor  and  other  witnesses,  and  also  desired  that  Mr.  Pratt,  solicitor,  of  Mayfair,  London,  should  be  examined  in  reference  to  the  insurance  transactions  in  W STYLE=superscript  hich  he  h  a  d  b  een  engaged  along  with  William  Palmer.  Mr.  Deane,  solicitor,  of  London,  again  attended  on  behalf  ofthe  insurance  companies,  an  d  M  r.  Smith,  solicitor,  of  Birmingham,  on  behalf  of  William  Palmer.  Mr.  Pratt  $  was  also  present,  along  with  Mr.  C.  Vallencey  Lewis,  soli soliwatchr  watchr soliwatchr  of  48,  Bedford  Row,  London,  aeared  to  the  proceedings  for  Mr.  Pratt.  Professors  Taylor  and  Rees,  Dr.  Knight  and  Dr.  Day  of  Stafford,  and  Mr.  Thurlby,  Wtn.  Palmer's  assistant,  were  also  in  attendance,  in  addition  to  Captain  Hatton,  superintendent  of  the  county  police,  &amp;c.  &amp;c.  Before  the  proceedings  commenced,  Mr.  Deane  said,  that  immediately  on  the  inquest  being  adjourned,  accom accompanied  panied accompanied  by  the  request  that  Professor  Taylor  should  be  re recalled,  called, recalled,  the  Rome  -office  at  once  directed  that  Professors  Taylor  and  Rees  should  attend  the  adjourned  inquiry.  Now,  as  Dr.  Rees  was  not  present  when  the  medical  evidence  and  the  evidence  of  the  other  parties  who  were  present  when  the  deceased  died,  was  given,  he  wished  that  that  evidence  should  be  read  over  before  the  further  additional  evidence  was  taken.  The  Coroner,  before-proceeding  to  read  the  evidence,  said  :  Gentlemen,  during  the  past  week,  remarks  have  appeared  in  the  provincial  and  metropolitan  press  reflect reflecting  ing reflecting  on  myself,  the  jury,  the  town  of  Rugeley  and  its  inha inha!lonebitants,  !lonebitants, inha!lonebitants,  which  are  wholly  unjustifiable  and  untrue,  and  r  they  have  not  emanated  from  any  one  now  present present&#34;'  &#34;' present&#34;'  may  also  say  that  with  regard  to  the  remarks  made  1„1113‘;r1  myself,  I  shall  on  a  future  occasion,  so  soon  as  this  teVidry  is  concluded,  be  quite  ready  to  give  a  full  explana-  Of  ,  in  .  y  conduct  in  the  matter,  which  has  been  made  e STYLE=superscript  8110 STYLE=superscript  .leet  of  animadversion.  (Cheers  in  court.)  eezT..ehr.aelevidence  given  by  the  different  medical  men  and  other  witnesses  at  the  former  hearing,  was  read  P  ° STYLE=superscript  by  the  coroner.  The  reading  of  this  evidence  occu-  Iv  i STYLE=superscript  ed  a  considerable  time.  On  the  evidence  of  George  h STYLE=superscript  Yman  being  called  for  r.  S  m  i  th  objected  to  this  witness's  evidence  being  read,  and  More  especially  as  he  was  not  present.'  c__Mr.  Deane  said  he  would  be  present.  He  would  arrive  from  IVolverhampton  at  half-past  twelve  o'clock.  rrideAir.  Smith  would  at  once  state  why  he  objected  to  the  nce  being  read.  As  far  as  his  instructions  went,  and  he  tnight  say  so  far  as  his  belief  went,  the  whole  of  Why-  Man's  statement  was  a  fabrication  from  beginning  to  end,  Sod,  therefore,  he  objected  to  its  being  read.  P  Hit  was  ultimately  agreed  that  the  evidence  should  be  reed  when  the  witness  made  his  appearance.  The  further  i  reading  of  the  evidence  was  then  proceeded  with,  and  at  1 STYLE=superscript  its  close,  Mr.  Deane  requested  that  certain  extracts  from  the  1  diary  of  William  Palmer  might  be  read,  upon  which,  Mr.  Smith  rose  and  said  —He  desired  to  have  the  whole  of  the  diary  read,  because  he  intended  to  ask  for  a  copy  of  it,  and  therefore  he  wished  to  have  it  in  evidence.  It  might  be  long  and  tedious,  but  he  was  aware  that  the  police  authorities  had  taken  a  copy  of  it,  and  he  (Mr.  Smith),  must  therefore  take  such  a  course  as  would  enable  him  to  be  placed  in  the  same  position.  He  was  entitled  to  it  as  a  matter  of  law,  and  he  therefore  insisted  upon  the  coroner  taking  such  a  course  as  would  enable  him  to  secure  a  copy  of  it.  On  an  assurance  frorahe  coroner  that  a  copy  of  the  diary  should  be  furnished  to  Mr.  Smith,  the  latter  was  ,  satisfied,  and  the  reading  of  the  extracts  having  been.  waved  by  Mr.  Deane,  the  additional  evidence  pro proceeded.  ceeded. proceeded.  Mr.  Benjamin  Thu_rlby,  assistant  to  William  Palmer,  was  then  called  by  Mr.  Deane.  lie  said:  1  remember  the  day  on  which  Walter  Palmer  died.  I  remember  Ludlow  race-day.  William  Palmer  told  me  that  he  had  a  ho  rse  r  u  n STYLE=superscript  ning  that  d  a  y  at  Ludlow.  It  was  Thur  s  d  ay,  aneday  Walter  P  a  l  mer  died.  on  the  w.  Campbell,  of  Stoke-upon-Trent,  was  examined  I  the  deceased  Walter  Palmer.  Prom  June  1853,  to  June  1 STYLE=superscript  854,  I  was  his  medical  attendant.  In  1853,  he  had  an  attack  of  pleura  monia,  and  was  suffering  from  chronic  inf STYLE=superscript  lammation  of  the  liver,  and  had  also  an  attack  of  con-  Jestion  of  the  brain.  The  illness  continued  six  or  eight  Weeks.  I  saw  him  again  in  1854,  from  January  to  March.  W STYLE=superscript  e  was  then  suffering  from  enlargement  of  the  liver,  and  i STYLE=superscript  rritability  of  the';  stomach.  He  also  vomited  a  large  quantity  of  blood,  and  the  right  lobe  of  his  liver  was  on  a  line  with  the  navel—it  was  so  enormously  enlarged.  His  lower  limbs  were  dropsical;  at  that  time  he  had  also  in STYLE=superscript  flammation  of  the  right  kidney,  which  continued  for  two  ;tenths.  I  did  not  attend  him  again  after.  I  never  saw  his STYLE=superscript  brother  Willi  am  at  the  time.  of  I3 STYLE=superscript  Y  the  C  oroner:  After  his  last  illness,  Walter  thought  Ins'  •  lifsiourr  Insuranclife,e  bi STYLE=superscript  n,.  I  said  that  no  medical  man  should  pass  I  wss  a  '  e STYLE=superscript  L  .  w STYLE=superscript  as  so  organically  diseased.  I  told  him  his  life  hazardous  one.  I  knew  his  habits  were  texneeecLieglY  intemperate.  5  ,7  4 STYLE=superscript  '.._,1  r•  Deane  :  He  was  a  mass  of  organic  disease.  b  e  ''  l. STYLE=superscript  tkane:  Is  there  anything  inconsistent  with  his  e  rn  i STYLE=superscript  ,  n STYLE=superscript  g,i,,i_  3l STYLE=superscript  a  state  of  organic  disease  in  1854,  and  dying  -11  the  effects  of  pr  uss  i  c  ac  i  d  in  1855  ?  .  Witnes  s  :  My  beli  e  f  i  s  that  he  died  from  apoplexy.  ,  ‘  ,  y  the  Corner  :  I  h  ave  heard  the  former  evidence  read:  ere  is  n STYLE=superscript  othing  in  it  i  nconsistent  with  death  having  been  caus  ol  Caused  by  pru  ss  i  c  acid  or  a  narcotic,  either  opium  or  alcoh  1  ti  1337  Mr•  Smith  :  Disease  of  the  kidneys  impedes  circula circula_  _ circula_  on,  and  deranges  the  whole  system.  It  produces  disease  in  other  organs..  kidneys  the  b  111  an  advanced  state  of  disease  of  the  r STYLE=superscript  am  Is  most  likely  to  be  affected.  Disease  of  the  liver  would  also  affect  the  brain.  The  symptoms  I  L•Phave  heard  described  are  more  consistent  with  death  from  coPlexY  than  prussic  acid.  Sterterous  breathing  is  inconsistent  M  w STYLE=superscript  ith  poisonin  g  b  according  to  th  e  dose  that  has  been  given.  It  would  be  an  exceptional  case  for  death  to  ensue  within  fifteen  minutes  from  an  attack  of  apoplexy,  the  result  of  disease.  11 STYLE=superscript  .  Y  Mr.  Smith  :  I  think  that  death  would  follow  very  soon  after  an  attack  of  apoplexy.  followed  by  drinking  two  or  three  pints  of  spirits,  especially  in  Mr.  Walter.  Painier's  case,  for  I  knew  he  was  subject  to  congestion  of  the  b  ra  in  ,  .  By  the  Coroner;  I  never  considered  the  deceased  Inotithy  from  1852.  In  that  year  I  saw  him,  and  he  had  every,appearance  of  labouring  under  disease  of  the  liver.  During  the  attack  of  pneumonia  he  appeared  to  be  ratnbliug  in  his  conversation.  4 STYLE=superscript  Professor  Taylor  recalled:  'raking  the  average  of  cases  as  apoplectic  tit  caused  by  effusion  of  blood  on  the  brain.  Which  is  the  most  usua  l  ,  would  last  two  or  three  hours.  I  have  _known  one  death  in  an  e STYLE=superscript  ases  of  death  th  ere  i  s  hour.  - STYLE=superscript  .I  n  .  the  sudden  generally  disease  of  the  heart  assoc  i  ated  with  effusion  of  blood.  The  tom STYLE=superscript  s  , STYLE=superscript  of  of STYLE=superscript  which  I  have  taken  a  note,  are  these—  Avidity  of  the  faee,  as  described  by  some  of  the  witnesses  ;  dilation  of  the  pupils,  the  eyes  open  and  fixed,  as  spoken  to  by  Mrs.  Phillips  ;  general  relaxation  of  the  limbs  and  Atuscles  of  the  body;  sterterous  breathing;  coldness  of  the  a STYLE=superscript  kin,  with  clammy  perspiration.  and  twitching  of  the  Muscles  on  the  side  of  the  face.  Those  are  all  the  symp symptoms  toms symptoms  I  have'  been  able  to  note  down  from  the  evidence  I  have  h  acid,  heard.  They  are  all  qu  it  e  consistent  with  poison  by  prussic  and  with  death  from  prussic  acid  in  half  an  nour  after  its  being  administered.  ay  Mr.  Deane:  Brandy  in  prussic  acid  causes  the  odour.  to  a  great  extent,  to  be  removed,  and  prevent  its  detection.  1 STYLE=superscript  3y  a  Juror  :  There  would  be  no  pain  in  the  patient,  as  a  state  of  coma  dispels  all  sensation.  Death  from  Prussic  acid  is  a  rapid  sort  of  apoplexy.  Professor  Taylor  produced  two  bottles,  each  containing  trossa  table  spoonful  of  brandy,  one STYLE=superscript  including STYLE=superscript  a  fatal  dose  of  ic  acid,  and  the  other  ere  examined  `4°AY  the  jnry,  with  a  view  to  detect  in  whichwas  the  larger  ,  B STYLE=superscript  ,e,  but  the  test  failed.  L  -15 STYLE=superscript  ,Y  Mr.  Deane  :  The  power  to  detect  prussic  acid  in  lurandy  by  the  smell  would  depend  upon  the  proportion  of  each,  and  whether  or  not  attention  was  directed  to  the  subject.  I  h  ave  frequently  not  been  able  to  detect  it  in  medici STYLE=superscript  nal  mixtures  b  y  the  smell,  when  I  have  detected  it  by  a  na  l  ysis.  I  never  heard  that  stertorous  breathing  Pr  e STYLE=superscript  ceded  an  att  ac  k  of  -  coma.  A  man  is  not  ina  state  of  apoplexy  until  he  is  in  a  state  of  coma.  Sterterous  breathing  is  certainly  not  inconsistent  with  Poisoning  by  prussic  acid.  It  is  the  result  of  ennpstion  on  the  brain,,and  is  consistent  with  every  state  in  whin!'  ioines  is  ease  of  coma  may  lead  -to  st  porduced,  that  is  to  say  ,  every  - STYLE=superscript  ........„-w  o  not,  and  there  have  b  e  en  some  Casesu,  breathing.ofe  a STYLE=superscript  p  o STYLE=superscript  p  l STYLE=superscript  exy  without  st STYLE=superscript  erterous  breathing,  Mr.  Deane  then  attempted  to  found  a  question  to  Ilea)  fessor  Taylor,  upon  an  extract  .  from  _ae  work  Journal  w  of  s  .f  leaved)not  oar  science,  but  Mr.  Smith  objected,  as  th  .  of  authority.  The  examination  was  tnen  continued  as  follows  ;  „  By  Mr.  Deane:  Are  you  in  a  position  to  give  an  opinion  'ear,  as  to  the  cause  of  death  ?  Professor  this  Taylor:.  AS  to  apoplexy,  from  disease,  there  I STYLE=superscript  s  not  case  any  clear  roof.  add STYLE=superscript  itional  evidence,  the  case  resolv  p STYLE=superscript  es  itself  l3 STYLE=superscript  m  u STYLE=superscript  edi  f STYLE=superscript  c  a STYLE=superscript  poplexy,  as  th  e  resu  l  t  of  excessive  drinking,  t  r  medically  t  ° STYLE=superscript  as  th  e  result  of  poisoning  by  prussic  acid.  ° STYLE=superscript  Du  a STYLE=superscript  r  P STYLE=superscript  iu  ° STYLE=superscript  g  Pi STYLE=superscript  4  1Y STYLE=superscript  e  evidence  I  have  taken  notes  of  the  following  points.  The  evidence  of  Mr.  Walkerdin  and  Dr.  Campbell,  on  the  v  ery STYLE=superscript  large  quantiti  es  o  f  a  l  co  h  ol  or  alcoholic  liquors  taken  1  th STYLE=superscript  e  deceased  ;  th  e  a  b  sence  of  any  evidence  that  he  ardotook  Prussic  acid,  (as  far  as  I  am  aware),  and  which,  in  r  to  have  killed  him,  he  must  have  taken  within  half  hs  ‘a  hour  of  his  death.  Then  sir,  a  third  point  I  have  -Lar STYLE=superscript  ked  down,  which  we  rather  rely  upon  medically,  th  e  absence  of  any  Poison  in  the  body,  when  examined.  On  that  Po  int  I  wish  to  make  one  observation.  I  once  '4(l  intestine  the  s  o STYLE=superscript  pportunity  of  seein  g  th  e  contents  o  f  the  of  a  man  who  had  died  from  th STYLE=superscript  e  effects  of  a'dose  of  three  drachms  of  prussic  acid.  That  IN  seven  t  t  ime STYLE=superscript  s  n STYLE=superscript  the  quantity  :that  will  d  es  t  ro  y  life.  2are4  fnd  ha  r  twelve  ys  I  could  n,  b  y  the  most  ou  ful STYLE=superscript  dissectio  n  ,  detectda  the  remotest  trace  of  prussic  '&#34;,te'd•  This  is  owing  to  two  causes.  The  loss  of  prussic  ge STYLE=superscript  ld  is  owins,  first,  to  its  great  volatility  and:  diffusion  ;  w  an STYLE=superscript  i?l  i  s STYLE=superscript  P  t  e STYLE=superscript  mial3  7 STYLE=superscript  ,  when  the  animal  matter  putrifies  in  contact  '  ,  so  alto  produce  hydro  -sulphate  of  ammonia,  the  poison  is  chemically  destroyed.  I  should  not  expect  to  Pad  any  trace  of  prussic  acid  after  three  months'  burial  latx_.l  close  coffin.  If  this  were  a  question  of  poisoning  by  ~,I2t_lalocY,  arsenic,  or  mercury,  the  non  -discovery  of  Poison  would  be  adverse  to  the  belief  that  the  person  died  ° STYLE=superscript  f  Poison,  but  in  the  case  of  prussic  acid,  after  the  long  period,  we  ean  never  expect  to  foul  it.  Therefore,  the  non-discovery  of  it  in  Walter  Palmer's  body  is  not  in  any  way  inconsistent  with  his  death  from  prussic  acid.  The  symptoms  that  I  have  stated  are  consistent  with  apoplexy,  as  the  result  of  prussic  acid,  or  as  the  result  of  excessive  drinking;  and  there  is  this  great  peculiarity  in  the  case,  that  assuming  prussic  acid  to  have  been  taken,  the  ordin ordinary  ary ordinary  symptoms  may  have  been  somewhat  modified  by  the  drinking  habits  of  the  deceased.  The  sterterous  b  rea  thi  ng  which  is  generally  att  en  d  an  t  on  poisoning  by  alcohol  may  have  been  in  this  case  partly  dependent  on  the  amount  of  alcoholic  liquor  taken  by  the  deceased.  Rest Resting  ing Resting  upon  medical  data,  it  is  impossible  to  say,  from  the  evidencejwhether  he  died  from  prussic  acid,  or  from  apo apoplexy  plexy apoplexy  as,the  results  of  excessive  drinking.  I  am  giving  my  opinion  now  from  medical  grounds  alone.  The  only  abso absolute  lute absolute  solution  of  the  question  would  have  been  the  exami examination  nation examination  of  the  head  and  stomach,  within  two  or  three  days  after  death.  A  very  rapid  death  like  his  within  half  an  hour,  is,  according  to  my  experience,  very  rare,  unless  accompanied  with  the  apoplexy,  there  be  disease  of  the  heart.  In  poisoning  by  prussic  acid  the  almost  uni universal  versal universal  rule  is,  that  death  takes  place  within  half  an  hour,  or  the  patient  recovers.  Wherever  there  is  disease  in  the  body  it  acts  more  rapidly.  That  is,  I  believe,  sir,  alt  I  have  to  say  By  Mr.  Deane  There  might  be  ef  f STYLE=superscript  usion  on  the  brain  caused  by  congestion.  It  is  probable  that  there  might  be  effusion  of  blood.  Supposing  there  had  been  effusion  of  blood  in  this  case,  there  might  have  been  pon  mortem  traces.  By  Mr.  Smith  :  I  have  stated  that  I  'could  not  give  an  opinion  as  to  the  cause  of  death.  We  examined  the  heart  very  closely,  for  Dr.  Rees  and  myself  desired  to  see  if  there  was  anything  in  the  heart  to  account  for  death.  It  was  sound  enough.  All  the  valves  were  sound,  and  I  certainly  can  take  upon  me  to  state  that  there  was  nothing  in  the  state  of  the  heart  to  account  for  death.  There  ,  was  no  thickening  of  the  left  ventricle.  I  state  my  opinion  that  at  the  time  of  death  there  was  no  disease  of  the  heart.  Supposing  the  circumstances  had  been  related  to  me,  the  suggestion  of  poison  would  not  have  entered  into  my  mind:  I  should  have  said  apoplexy,  but  whether  from  poison  or  disease,  I  could  not:say.  It,  there  was  no  change  about  the  body  to  account  for  death,  the  suggestion  would  have  come  as  to  poison.  The  fact  of  throwing  off  the  blood  from  the  stomach  is  indicative  of  a  conjestive  state  of  the  brain,  and  diseased  state  of  the  liver.  Ido  not  think  that  apoplexy  would  result  from  diseased  liver  and  kidneys.  The  evidence  given  now  is  the  same  as  before,  that  death  resulted  from  apoplexy,  caused  by  excessive  drinking,  unless  there  was  something  administered  to  him  within  half  an  how.  of  his  death.  By  a  Juror:  I  should  have  expected  that  Walter  Palmer's  apoplexy  would  have  lasted  about  two  or  three  hours.  By  Mr.  Smith:  I  am  not  aware  of  any  case  of  rapid  death  by  apoplexy,  where  there  has  not  been  disease  of  the  heart.  Professor  Rees  'was  then  re-called,  and  examined  :  I  assisted  Dr.  Taylor  in  making  the  analysis,  referred  to  him  in  the  case  of  Walter  Palmer.  The  cause  of  death  was  either  apoplexy,  arising  from  natural  disease,  or  the  ad administering  ministering administering  of  prussic  acid.  We  were  unable  to  trace  prussic  acid,  but,  even  if  it  had  been  present  at  the  time  of  death,  three  monhta'  interment  would  have  been  sufficient  to  have  produced  evaporation.  By  Mr.  Deane  :  The  symptoms  found  might  have  resulted  from  drunkenness  or  not.  We  could  not  discover  disease  in  the  heart.  The  cavities  were  examined  very  carefully,  and  we  could  detect  no  disease  in  the  heart.  The  kidneys  ap appeared  peared appeared  to  be  somewhat  congested,  as  also  the  other  organs.  The  liver  had  evidently  been  diseased  during  life,  as  it  was  enlarged,  and  its  edges  thickened.  In  my  opinion,  the  duration  of  a  fit  of  apoplexy,  caused  by  internal  disease,  or  by  excessive  drinking,  would  last  from  four  hours  to  four  hours  and  a  half.  When  there  is  no  disease  of  the  heart,  four  hours  would  be  a  quick  time  for  death  to  ensue.  Such  causes  of  death  as  that  of  Walter  Palmer  have  been  re recorded,  corded, recorded,  but  they  have  been  extremely  rare.  Mr.  Day,  surgeon,  of  Stafford,  was  here  recalled,  and  was  about  to  give  his  evidence,  when  Mr.  Bergen,  the  su  p  e  rintendent  of  the  Rugeley  police,  came  forward  and  stated  that  he  had  a  private  communica communication  tion communication  which  he  wished  to  make  to  the  coroner.  Mr.  Smith  here  rose  and  demanded  to  know  in  what  capacity  Mr.  Bergen  was  acting,  and  contended  that  his  interference  now  was  highly  improper.  In  reply  to  Mr.  Smith,  Mr.  Bergen  refused  to  communi communicate  cate communicate  to  him  the  information  he  had  to  give,  and  he  then  approached  the  coroner,  and  stated  to  him  that  he  had  ascertained  that  Mr.  Day,  who  had  already  given  evidence  to  the  effect  that  the  deceased  died  from  apoplexy,  the  result  of  excessive  drinking,  had  stated  to  Mr.  Shaw,  of  Stafford,  that  he  believed  the  deoeased,  Walter  Palmer,  was  poisoned.  (Sensation.)  Mr.  Smith,  mnch  excited,  here  denounced  the  conduct  of  Mr.  Bergen  as  unconstitutional,  disgraceful,  and  disgusting.  Mr.  Day  denied  making  use  of  the  statement  just  made  by  Mr.  Bergen,  and  wished  to  explain.  Ile  then  said---I  never  said  that  I  believe  Walter  Palmer  was  poisoned.  You  will  please  to  emphasise  the  word  But  I  m  have  said,  an  d  I  b  e  li  eve  I  have  said,  in  conversation  with  Mr. STYLE=superscript  Shaw,  of  Stafford,  Mr.  Deane,  Captain  HattPn,  and  even  Mr.  S  m  i  t  h  ,  that  I  thought  if  he  (William  Palmer)  had  done  the  other  two  cases  it  was  not  impossible  that  he  might  have  done  it  for  his  brother  also.  I  will  draw  your  attention  to  the  difference  between  what  I  might  have  believed,  and  what  I  might  have  thought.  To  believe  is  a  conviction  founded  on  evidence  amounting  to  belief.  But  to  think  is  an  imagination  of  the  mind  that  may  be  reversed.  Mr.  Smith  :  Is  this  rubbish  to  be  placed  ;upon  the  pro..  ceedings?  Mr.  Bergen  has  no  right  to  come  and  make  such  statements.  Mr.  Bergen  :  I  have  a  right,  and  I  have  made  the  state statement  ment statement  in  the  exercise  of  my  duty.  Mr.  Smith  (still  much  excited):  Sir,  I  do  not  wish  either  to  prolong  this  enquiry,  or  unnecessarily  to  take  up  the  time  of  the  court,  but  I  do  say  that  for  the  sake  of  all  of  us—for  the  sake  of  the  public,  present  and  absent—l  must  protest  -t  the  course  that  has  just  been  adopted.  I  say  it  you,  sir,  to  the  jury,  and  to  all  those  who  are  now  present,  but  at  the  same  time  I  say  it  firmly,  Or  what  we  have  now  witnessed  is  scandalous.  I  sa,  most  disnusting  exhibition,  to  pick  up  mere  hearsay  ev  deuce.  in  order  to  prejudice  a  man  who  will  be  present!,  on  his  trial  on  two  of  the  gravest  charges.  I  sa:  that  if  the  mere  scandal  and  gossip  that  exist  in  the  locality  is  to  be  picked  by  a  policeman  and  publicly  brought  forward  in  a  case  like  this  it  is  dishonest  on  his  part  as  a  police  officer— officerdisgusting  disgusting officerdisgusting  as  a  man,  and  it  is  unconstitutional  the  pre presence  sence presence  of  a  judge.  (Loud  cheers  in  court.)  You,  sir,  ought  to  protect  the  office  you  hold,  rather  than  allow  yourself  to  be  dictated  to  by  men  who  are  evidently  prejudiced,  and  ready  to  believe  every  piece  of  scandal  they  hear.  The  Coroner:  I  am  not  aware  that  I  allowed  myself  to  be  dictated  to.  Mr.  Smith  :  I  repeat  that  it  is  most  unconstitutional  that  the  palladium  of  our  liberty  should  be  sacrificed  to  the  mere  prejudices  of  a  policeman.  Mr.  Bergen  :  1  hare  only  done  my  duty.  Mr.  Smith  :  You  have  far  outstepped  it,  sir,  but  I  will  make  you  know  your  duty  before  I  have  done  with  this  again  with  respect  it  is  a  The  Coroner  :  Proceed  with  the  evidence.  George  Whyman,  the  chemist's  apprentice,  of  Wolver Wolverhampton,  hampton, Wolverhampton,  was  next  re-called,  and  produced  his  employer's  books.  He  said  that  he  was  now  certain  as  to  the  day  when  William  Palmer  purchased  the  prussic  acid  from  him  in  his  employer's  shop.  It  was  on  the  14th  August  last.  Mr.  Smith  then  proceeded  to  cross-examine  the  witness  at  considerable  length;  but  before  doing  so,  he  cautioned  him  as  to  what  he  said,  as  he  (Mr.  Smith)  was  in  a  position  absolutely  to  prove  what  he  had  stated  was  not  correct.  Mr.  Deane  remarked  that  it  was  unfair  to  intimidate  the  witness.  Mr.  Smith  replied  that  he  did  not  wish  to  intimidate  him,  but  he  had  proof  that  there  was  a  mistake.  The  witness  was  then  subjected  to  a  lengthy  and  severe  cross-examination  at  the  cl  ose  o  f  wh  i  ch  Mr.  Smith  im imputed  puted imputed  perpi  r  y  to  t  he  witness,  and  said  he  knew  his  remedy,  and  should  have  the  witness  tried  by  a  jury  of  his  country.  Mr.  Weaver,  of  the  firm  of  Maunder  and  Weaver,  Wol Wolverhampton,  verhampton, Wolverhampton,  one  of  the  employers  of  the  last  witness,  said  they  had  never  had  William  Palmer  in  their  books.  If  any  one  had  said  he  had  an  account  with  them,  it  was  false.  At  the  time  of  Cook's  case,  the  last  witness  told  him  that  he  sold  an  ounce  of  prussic  acid  to  Pa'mer.  After  the  examination  of  three  other  unimportant  wit witnesses,  nesses, witnesses,  Mr.  Pratt,  solicitor,  of  Mayfair,  London,  was  shortly  examined  in  reference  to  his  insurance  transactions  with  Palmer.  He  said  he  should  be  a  loser  of  £4,000  by  Palmer,  on  the  policies  he  (witness)  held.  The  examination  had  not  proceeded  far,  when  the  jury  said  that  they  did  not  think  he  was  at  all  implicated.  %The  Coroner  then  summed  up  the  evidence  at  great  length,  after  which  the  jury  retired,  and  after  an  absence  of  two  hours  and  a  quarter,  re-entered  the  court  amidst  the  most  profound  silence.  The  coroner  :  Gentlemen,  are  you  agreed  in  your  hhect?oreman:  We  verdict?  Are  are  not.  The  Corone  r  :  Twethte  majority  agreed?  The  Foreman:  whanty-two  are  agreed  to  a  verdict.  The  Coroner:  do  vou  find  to  be  the  cause  of  the  death  of  Walter  Palmer  The  Foreman:  WE  FIND  TH  AT  MER  DIED  F/3  0 STYLE=superscript  M  THE  EFFE  CTWALTER  PAL_  OF  P  ACID,  AND  THAT  SUCH  PRUSSIC  ACID  WAS  WILFULLY  ADMINISTERE  D  BY  append  to  our  v  er  di  ct  manner  in  Whici Whiciof  of Whiciof  WM.  P STYLE=superscript  ALMER.  t  e  he  also  Thomas  our  h STYLE=superscript  s  trong  e  e  d  m  i  s  a  a  n  p  p  a  d  r  o  d  v  e  a  d  :  Walkerdin  gave  his  evidence.  The  Coroner:  That,  I  take  it,  is  a  verdict  of  Wilful  Murder.  The  Foreman:  Yes  it  is.  The  jury  at  the  same  time  wish  it  to  be  understood  that  ,they  think  great  credit  is  due  to  the  chief  constable  and  the  conqabulary,  ',for  bringing  these  cases  before  us,  although  they  are  pain painful  ful painful  enquiries  to  us  all.  We  think  application  should  be:made  in  the  proper  quarter  for  some  recompense  to  be  made  to  Mr.  Willis  (of  the  Talbot  Inn)  for  the  mis mischief  chief mischief  done  to  the  business  of  his  house  by  the  body  being  taken  there.  The  proceedings  then  terminated  about  nine  o'clock  -----  The  Medical  Times  and  Gazette  publishes  a  memoir  of  the  accused  William  Palmer,  from  which  we  cull  the  following  extracts  :  It  appears  that  William  Palmer  is  a  member  of  a  very  wealthy  family,  and  is  now  in  his  thirty."
