text
"IRELAND  [Fitox  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.]  DUBLIN,  DEC.  26.  COMMERCE  OF  DUBLIN.—The  customs  duties  paid  in  the  port  of  Dublin,  from  the  10th  October  last,  up  to  the  24th  inst.,  was  £199,400,  against-X202,750  for  the  corresponding  period  of  last  year.  There  •  is  in  this  sad  but  conclusive  evidence  that  Dublin  is  retrograding  in  commercial  importance.  But,  unhappily,  the  figures  show  also  a  lamentable  and  irrefutable  indication  of  the  backwardness  of  the  country.  Ireland,  no  matter  how  theorists  may  speculate,  is  retrograding  in  her  social  condition.  In  the  midst  of  the  painful  considerations  to  which  this  state  of  things  give  rise,  there  are  some  occurrences  which  afford  hope  that  time  may  pro produce  duce produce  a  change  for  the  better.  In  the  Cork  Southern  Reporter,  we  find  an  announcement  of  the  establishment  of  an  oil  mill;  and  the  writer  has  this  further  indication  of  industrial  progress  in  that'  quarter.  Within  a  few  years,  since  we  have  seen  flax  growing  revived  here,  scutch-mills  established,  and  the  highest  price  in  all  Ireland  got  for  the  fibre  produced  in  them,  (Mr.  Cummins  got  the  first  prize  at  the  late  Belfast  , STYLE=superscript  meeting),  weaving  set  on  foot,  and  now  linseed  oil  and  oil oilcake  cake oilcake  are  in  process  of  manufacture,  and  we  expect  soon  to  add  flax-spinning  A  NOBLE  BENEFACTION  —Mr.  Arnott,  an  exten extensive  sive extensive  haberdasher  in  Cork,  gave  a  substantial  dinner  on  Christmas  day  to  2500  poor  persons  in  that  city.  The  Irish  fairs  last  week  ruled  very  dull,  and  prices,  except  for  bacon  pigs,  were  lower  everywhere.  Farmers  and  feeders,  under!  these  circumstan circumstanstances,  stances, circumstanstances,  are  bringing  as  few  cattle  forward  as  their  engagements  will  permit.  The  quantities  of  unrefined  sugar  imported  into  Dublin  up  to  Saturday  last,  was  10,328  cwt.  and  1427  barrels  ;  the  quantity  of  loaves,  315,361.  ROMAN  CATHOLIC  CONVICTS.—Lord  Palmerston  has  directed  Colonel  Jebb  to  take  steps  to  have  a  registration  made  of  the  religion  of  each  convict,  whether  in  a  depot  or  hulk  ;  and  to  afford  Roman  Catholic  clergymen  the  same  access  as  is  permitted  Protestant  clergymen  to  the  convicts  of  their  com communion.  munion. communion.  Also  to  report  on  the  proper  stipend  to  be  paid  for  such  attendance.  In  the  case  of  Dowling  v.  Lawler,  in  which  Mr.  Sadlier's  proceedings  at  the  Carlow  election  were  in  question,  the  jury  has  found  against  Mr.  Sad Sadlier's  lier's Sadlier's  friends.  THE  RECENT  WONDERFUL  DISCOVERIES  OF  GOLD  IN  AUSTRALIA.  EXCITEMENT  IN  MELBOURNE.—The  announcement  of  fresh  and  important  discoveries  at  Ballarat  has  caused  con considerable  siderable considerable  excitement  to-day,  though  the  real  facts  having  been  received  per  express  by  government  have  not  been  fully  given  to  the  public.  From  what  we  have  been  able  to  learn,  however,  from  other  sources,  there  can  be  no  doubt  that  some  very  lucky  hits  have  been  made.  From  a  source  on  which  we  can  rely,  we  heard  of  a  party  of  nine  who  had  cleared,  in  two  or  three  days,  no  less  than  £15,090  worth  of  gold,  which  is  of  itself  sufficient  to  warrant  the  conclusion  that  an  extraordinarily  productive  vein  has  been  struck  upon,  without  demanding  our  belief  in  the  apparently  fabulous  report  that  a  sort  of  table-land  of  gold  has  made  its  appear appearance.  ance. appearance.  All  these  accounts  at  first  are  generally  exaggerated,  and  the  rumours,  therefore,  must  bo  received  in  the  mean meantime  time meantime  with  due  caution.—Argus,  August  31.  The  announcement  published  in  the  Herald  about  the  recent  gold  yields  at  Ballarat  have  caused  quite  a  sensation  in  Melbourne,  and  accordingly  many  parties  of  intending  diggers  have  started  from  the  city,  and  Collingwood,  resolved  to  have  a  shy  at  the  golden  lottery.  A  very  fine  35  ounce  specimen  of  solid  gold  may  be  seen  at  Mr.  Clarke's,  Water Watermans  mans Watermans  arms  hotel.  It  is  half  of  a7O  ounce  nugget  dug  up  at  Ballarat,  by  a  party  of  six;  and  in  the  division  of  their  earnings,  tbe  mass  of  precious  metal  was  actually  chopped  in  two  with  an  Morning  Herald.  THE  LARGEST  ASSORTMENT  OF  WINTER  GARMENTS  in  LIVERPOOL,  of  Superior  Cut  and  Workmanship,  At  Wm.  EARP  and  CO.'S,  59  and  61,  LORD  STREET.  LEGAL  CHANGES.-Mr.  A.  S.  Logan  has  been  appointed  junior  advocate-d  e  p  u  t  e  •  and  Mr.  Thomas  Clegh  orn  suc succeeds  ceeds succeeds  to  the  senior  depute-advocateship,  vacant  by  the  appointment  of  Mr.  Macfarlane  to  the  sheriffship  of  Ren Renfrewshire.—N.  frewshire.—N. Renfrewshire.—N.  B.  Mail.  MURDEROUS  AsSAULT.—Upon  Saturday  night,  a  fellow  named  Edward  Macnamara  quarrelled  with  his  father,  and  cut  his  throat  with  a  shoemaker's  knife.  The  wound  was  immediately  dressed  by  a  surgeon,  and  the  man  is  progressing  f  avoura  bly  .  Th  e  sou  has  been  apprehended.  Both  of  the  parties  were  under  the  influence  of  liquor.-  -V.  B.  Mail.  SUICIDE.--About  five  o'clock  yesterday  morning,  a  pen pensioner,  sioner, pensioner,  named  H  u  gh  M  ac  k  ay  ,  residing  in  Prince's-street,  committed  suicide  by  cutting  his  throat  with  a  razor.  When  discovered,  he  was  lying  in  a  pool  of  blood,  and  the  instrument  still  in  the  'wound,  and  grasped  tightly  by  his  right  hand.  An  infirm  woman  was  the  only  occupant  of  the  house  besides  the  deceased,  but  as  she  was  in  bed,  she  is  unable  to  give  any  particulars  of  the  tragical  occurrence.  —.Y.  B.  Mail.  THE  WEATHER.---Yesterday  'morning  at  an  early  hour  Liverpool  and  its  vicinity  was  visited  by  a  heavy  fall  of  snow,  which  continued  up  to  about  ten,  when  it  ceased.  At  first  there  was  a  tendency  towards  a  thaw,  but  as  he  even-:  ing  advanced  a  sharp  frost  set  in,  and  much  difficulty  was  experienced  in  walking.  The  change  was  so  rapid  that  buss  horses  and  others  were  not  prepared  for  frost,  and.the  result  was  that  the  usual  traffic  of  the  town  was  carrie'd  on  with  great  difficulty,  and  in  some  cases  it  amounted  to  danger,"
