text
"Unita  btatt%.  DIAMOND  NE  OF  PHILADELPHIA  PACKETS,  a  the  Ist,  and  from  'rom  LivE  of  each  Month.  Januar  DO  tons  s..  February  1  h  1.  CHAR  DICE  &amp;  CO  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.-LIVERPOOL,  MONDAY,  JANUARY  7,  1866,  BaltiLbp  iturtfort.  TO  CART-OWNERS  AND  OTHERS  ,  Sale  of  Cart  Horses,  Carts,  Whitechapel,  Shaft  and  - STYLE=superscript  Chain  Gears,  Quantity  of  Hay  and  Straw,  Hay  Cutter,  Stable  Utensils  and  other  Effects.  MR.  LAWTON  will  SELL  by  AUCTION  This  Day,  the  7th  instant,  at  Ono  o'clock  precisely,  on  the  premise.,  Stanley-cresent,  Bankfield-street,  B  }otle-road,  the  following  HORSES,  CARTS,  &amp;c,,  consisting  of  two  capital  cart  horses,  three  one-horse  carts  in  good  condition,  two  excellent  two twohorse  horse twohorse  carts  suitable  for  coals,  &amp;c.,  whitechapel,  five  sets  of  shaft  and  chain  gears,  extra  saddles,  hay  cutter,  corn  bin,  stable  utensils,  quantity  of  hay  and  straw,  and  other  effects  for  positive  sale.  May  be  viewed  on  the  morning  of  sale,  and  further  particulars  had  at  the  auctioneer's  rooms,  126,  Scotland-road.  FURNITURE,  FIXTURES,.  &amp;C•  MR.  LAWTON  will  SELL  by  A  UCTION  To Tomorrow,  morrow, Tomorrow,  the  Bth  instant,  at  One  o'clock  precilely,  at  his  rooms.  126,  Scotland-road,  near  the  market,  an  assortment  of  excellent  HOUSEHOLD  FURNITURE,  square  piano  -forte,  en engravings,  gravings, engravings,  bread  tins,  hay  cutter,  manger  and  rack  fixtures,  set  of  harness,  shower  bath,  step  ladders,  and  other  effects.  May  be  viewed  on  the  morning  of  sale.  N.B.—Sales  by  Auction  at  these  rooms  every  Tuesday.  Sale,  14,  Hanover-street.—Under  Distre  s  for  Rent.  Time-pieces,iFictures,  Clock,  large  Fly-wheel  w  , STYLE=superscript  (l  pol  Supports,  Iron  Bookcase.  Fixtures,  Office  Desks,  Counters,  &amp;c.  Sze.  cult.  HILL  will  SELL  by  AUCTION,  Thi  s  day  and  following  days,  at  Eleven  o'clock,  at  54,  Hanover-street,  ma'iogany  chairs,  s3fas,  lc  o,  centre  and  other  tables,  carpets.  l.ainted  floor  cloths,  ch:flionier,  dinner-s!rvice,  ware  glass,  modern  four-post,  camp,  tent,  and  other  beds  eads,  sets  of  mattresses,  feather  b:ds,  chests  of  drawers,  toilet  glass  wale,  towel  horses,  tables,  washstands,  wardrobe,  kitchen  furniture,  miscellaneous  articles,  &amp;c.  &amp;C.  Hamilton-rooms.  13irkenheal.—Excellent  HOUSEHOLD  FURNI FURNITURE,  TURE, FURNITURE,  6i-octave  Cottage  Pianoforte,  in  rosewcod  case,  and  other  effects.  TIENRY  GREEN  will  SELL  by  AUCTION  To-morrow  (Tuesday),  the  Bth  instant,  at  Eleven  o'clock,  at  his  Rooms,  Hamilton-street,  Birkenhead,  consisting  of  a  variety  of  excellent  Mahogany  and  Painted  BE  D  ROOM  FURNI FURNITURE,  TURE, FURNITURE,  pair  of  modern  pi  lar  toil-t  tables,  with  marble  tops,  several  prime  goose  feather  beds  and  bedding,  sets  of  mahogany  and  walnut  chairs,  so;a,  couch,  easy  chair  in  haircloth,  sideboard,  claitlionieres,  bookcase,  telescope-framed  dining  table,  superior  circular  rosewood  100  table,  chimney  glass,  Brussels  and  other  carpets,  fenders,  fire fireirons,  irons, fireirons,  kitchen  ut'nslls,  &amp;c.  May  be  viewed  and  catalogues  had  this  day.  PAWNBROKER'S  STOCK.—Valuable  Gold  and  Silver  Watches,  Plate,  Jewellery.  Double-barrelled  Gun,  Revolver,  Mi:roscope,  Oil  Paintings,  Musical  Box.  HENRY  GREEN  will  SELL  by  AUCTION,  on  Thursday  next,  the  10th  instant,  at  Eleven  o'clock,  al  his  Rooms,  Hamilton  -street,  opposite  the  Towd  Hall,  Birkenhead,  the  UNREDEEMED  ARTICLES  from  a  PAWN PAWNBROKER,  BROKER, PAWNBROKER,  consisting  of  valuable  gold  and  silver  lever  and  other  watches,  gold  spectacles,  earrings,  studs,  handsome  diamond  and  other  rings,  breast  pins,  Albert  guard,  and  other  gold  chains,  brooches,  chains,  lockets,  powerful  microscope,  musical  box,  telescope,  timepieces,  silver  spoons,  opera  glasses,  two  excellent  double-barrelled  guns,  revolver,  a  few  valuable  oil  paintings,  books,  &amp;c.  May  be  viewed  on  Wednesday  next,  and  on  the  morning  of  sale,  and  catalogues  hat.  MONTHLY  SALE  OF  HORSES,  CATTLE,  AGRICULTURAL  IMPLEMENTS,  CARRIAGES,  HARNESS,  CARTS,  GEARS,  &amp;c.  MR.  HENRY  GREEN  begs  respectfully  to  in inform  form inform  Farmers,  Cattle  Dealers,  and  others,  that  he  has  arranged  to  hold  a  SALE  by  AUCTION  Once  a  Month,  at  Mr.  Murphy's  spacious  yard  and  premises,  opposite  the  Waterloo  Inn,  Grange-lane,  Birkenhead.  The  want  of  an  establishment  of  this  description  has  long  been  felt,  and  from  the  favouratle  opinions  expressed  by  many  highly  re respectable  spectable respectable  farmers  and  others,  the  Auctioneer  has  been  induced  to  make  the  trial.  The  yard  is  spacious,  and  the  stabling  and  shed  room  capable  of  affording  accommodation  for  a  numerous  assemblage  of  horses,  cattle,  carriages,  agricultural  implements,  &amp;c.  Due  notice  will  b.=  given  of  the  days  of  sale  by  advertisements  in  the  papers,  placards,  and  circulars,  when  parties  desirous  of  contri contributing  buting contributing  to  these  sales  will  oblige  by  forwarding  immediately  a  de descriptive  scriptive descriptive  list  of  the  same,  so  that  they  may  appear  in  the  advertise advertisements  ments advertisements  and  printed  catalogues,  and  be  advantageously  arranged  for  sale,  Carriages,  carts,  farming  implements,  and  produce  should  be  sent  to  the  yard  two  days  before  the  sale;  horses,  cattle,  and  all  live  stock  early  on  the  morning  of  stile.  Henry  Green  begs  to  intimate  that  it'  he  receives  anything  ap appicaching  picaching appicaching  the  encou.agemeut  he  anticipates,  no  expense  shall  be  spared,  and  his  best  exertions  and  tact  used,  to  bring  the  establish establishment  ment establishment  of  these  sales  to  the  perfection  so  much  desired,  thus  render renderit  it renderit  of  great  service  to  farmers  and  others  desirous  of  either  selling  or  buying."
