text
"PERSIA  AS  AN  ALLY  OF  RUSSIA.  Reports  which  reach  this  country  by  various  channels,  and  which,  therefore  appear  the  more  trustworthy,  state  that  Persia  has  declared  war  against  England.  The  shark  might  as  well  declare  war  against  the  eagle  ;  for,  a  bird  in  a  sea  of  deserts,  Persia  can  make  but  a  feeble  approach  towards  England.  The  most  she  can  do  is  to  subserve  the  treache treacheries  ries treacheries  of  Russia,  with  whom  we  shall  have  to  deal  in  a  direct  way.  But,  absurd  as  it  is,  the  declaration  of  war  on  the  part  of  Persia  does  not  surprise  us,  nor  is  it  without  signifi significance.  cance. significance.  There  have  before  been  differences  with  the  Court  at  Teheran,  and  there  have  also  been  friendly  relations.  During  the  protracted  war  which  the  Persian  government  carried  on  against  the  rebellious  province  of  Khorassan,  by  an  army  under  Abbas  M:rza,  brother  of  the  late  Shah,  an  English  officer  served  with  that  prince,  whom  we  remember  previously  as  the  companion  of  Sir  John  Malcolm,  and  who  astonished  that  accomplished  officer  by  the  audacity  of  his  riding.  The  Englishman  who  accompanied  Abbas  Mirza  to  Khorassan  was  named  Vernon,  and  was  the  last  of  the  English  officers  deputed  to  assist  in  the  drill  and  improve improvements  ments improvements  of  the  Persian  army.  Wearied  out  by  the  insolent  inattention  of  the  officers  placed  under  his  tuition,  and  by  the  impossibility  of  getting  his  money,  this  gentleman  came  away  from  Persia  about  the  year  1849.  He  had  a  successor;  and  that  successor  is  rather  a  re remarkable  markable remarkable  man.  It  was  Count  Karaczay,  a  colonel  in  the  Austrian  army.  This  officer  was  formerly  employed  as  Commandant  de  la  Place  at  Mantua.  The  Commandant  de  la  Place  is  charged  with  the  duties  that  pertain  to  the  keep keeping  ing keeping  of  the  fortress,  town,  town-gates,  keys,  gaols,  police,  &amp;c.  For  some  reason,  to  us  unknown,  the  Count  excited  the  dis  pleasure  of  his  government;  and  from  the  language  em employed,  ployed, employed,  we  are  inclined  to  suppose  that  he  was  suspected  of  a  leaning  towards  the  patriotic  party  •  the  more  probably,  since  he  is  by  bi  r  th  an  Hungarian.  From  the  sequel,  how however,  ever, however,  it  is  to  be  supposed  that  he  confessed  his  fault,  and  was  pardoned;  and  the  circumstances  may  account  for  his  having  been  deputed  to  a  distant  mission.  He  is  a  very  agreeable  man,  about  sixty  years  of  age,  an  excellent  officer,  well  acquainted  especially  with  the  scene  of  war  in  the  East,  and  author  of  the  best  existing  map  of  the  district  of  Montenegro  and  Herzegovine.  He  was  sent  out  about  two  years  ago  with  a  staff  of  Austrian  officers  to  Teheran,  to  renew  the  services  relinquished  by  the  Englishman,  Vernon.  Persia,  therefore,  has  received  into  the  staff  of  her  army  an  Austrian  infusion,  and  she  is  now  openly  subserving  the  treacherous  advances  of  Russia.—The  Leader.  The  Blue  Anchor  Tavern,  Whitechapel,  London,  was  de destroyed  stroyed destroyed  by  fire  on  Christmas  morning.  The  Ann  Mary  has  arrived  from  Sydney,  whence  she  sailed  Aug.  17.  She  brings  3,490  ounces  of  gold,  and  3,255  dollars  in  gold,  worth  together  about  14,2001.  The  heavy  portion  of  the  mails  from  India,  with  those  from  Australia,  per  Euxine  steamer,  were  delivered  on  Monday  morning  in  London.  The  ship  Lord  Duncan  has  arrived  from  Wellington,  New  Zealand,  whence  she  sailed  Sept.  16.  The  intelligence  she  brings  is  unimportant.  The  Bayonne  :iffessager  says  that  Madrid  is  to  be  the  scene  of  another  duel,  in  which  Lord  Howden  and  Count  Esterhazy,  the  Austrian  ambassador,  are  to  be  the  principals;  but  the  letters  from  Madrid  say  nothing  on  the  subject.  A  strange  circumstance,  says  the  Journal  de  Frankfort,  occurred  at  Carlsruhe  on  the  17th:  As  the  Regent  was  writing  in  his  cabinet  in  the  Grand  Ducal  palace,  the  door  suddenly  opened  and  a  stranger  appeared  The  Regent  asked  him  what  he  wanted,  and  receiving  no  answer,  rose  to  ring  the  bell.  The  man  took  alarm  and  ran  out,  followed  by  the  Regent.  When  in  the  ante-chamber,  the  intruder  jumped  out  of  an  open  window,  and  effected  his  escape.  Mr.  Charles  Dickens,  from  a  desire  to  aid  in  the  establish establishment  ment establishment  of  a  popular  educational  institution  in  Birmingham,  gives  three  readings  from  his  Christmas  books,  in  the  Town  Hall,  Birmingham,  during  the  Christmas  week.  The  Christmas  and  The  Cricket  on  the  are  the  works  selected.  BRITISH  MUSEUM.—On  no  former  occasion  has  this  im immense  mense immense  establishment  been  visited  in  so  short  a  space  of  time  by  such  a  concourse  of  visitors  as  on  this  day.  Every  room  and  lobby  leading  to  the  several  departments  were  crowded  with  moving  thousands  of  well-dressed  persons,  in  eager  curiosity  to  inspect  the  immense  collection  of  specimens  of  the  animal,  mineral,  and  vegetable  kingdoms,  and  articles  of  vertu,  which  abound  throughout  the  establishment.  It  is  calculated  that,  before  'the  close  of  the  day,  not  less  than  40,000  or  50,000  persons  will  have  visited  the  Museum.  THE  NATIONAL  GALLERY.—The  effect  of  the  almost  universal  holiday  in  the  metropolis  was  manifested  to  an  almost  incredible  extent  at  this  exhibition.  Soon  after  the  doors  were  opened,  and  during  the  entire  morning,  thousands  upon  thousands  of  well-dressed  persons  continued  to  crowd  every  room  throughout  this  truly  national  establishment,  and  it  was  pleasing  to  mark  the  interest  that  was  exhibited  in  viewing  the  numerous  chef  d'ceuvres  of  Rubens,  Corregio,  Murillo,  N.  Poussin,  the  Carracci,  Claude,  and  other  ancient  masters  ;  and  notwithstanding  there  could  not  have  been  less  than  2,000  persons  in  various  rooms  at  one  time,  the  strictest  order  and  regularity  were  observed.  We  published  on  Monday  morning  the  particulars  of  a  shockingly  murderous  assault  on  a  female  servant,  at  the  farm  of  Highgate,  Beith,  in  Scotland.  The  Edinburgh  Witness  throws  some  light—a  horrid  light  —on  this  affair.  We  learn,  it  says,  that  the  mystery  which  envelop  e  d  thi  s  revolting,  atrocity  has  been  revealed.  On  Thursday  night  last,  David  Finlay,  the  son  of  the  occupant  of  Highgate  farm,  where  the  deed  was  committed,  went  out  to  a  field  be behind  hind behind  the  house  and  deliberately  shot  himself.  The  inference  from  such  an  act,  is,  that  he  it  was  who  committed  the  horrid  outrage  upon  Elizabeth  Paterson.  It  has  been  ascer ascertained  tained ascertained  that  she  is  pregnant;  and  it  is  supposed  that  on  the  night  of  the  outrage  he  had  decoyed  her  to  the  outhouse,  which  we  now  ascertain  is  separated  from  the  main  house  by  the  distance  of  about  a  quarter  of  a  mile,  and  there  perpe perpe-trated  -trated perpe-trated  the  ninrderous  assault.  Yesterday  the  injured  woman  was  a  little  better,  but  there  are  but  faint  hopes  of  her  recovery."
