text
"AUSTRALIA.  By  the  Arctic  we  have  received  advices  from  Sydney  to  the  19th  of  August,  being  six  days'  later  than  those  previously  received  in  this  country  direct.  We  have  no  later  news  from  Melbourne.  We  subjoin  a  summary  of  the  news  from  the  Sydney  Empire.  RATES  OF  LABOUR  AND  RENTS.—Notwithstanding  the  continued  stream  of  immigration,  the  rates  of  labour  are  increasing,  more  especially  those  con connected  nected connected  with  housebuilding.  Stone-masons  obtain  from  lbs.  to  14s.  a  day;  carpenters,  12s.  to  13s.  a  day  ;  and  other  trades  vary  from  I  ls.  to  13s.  a  day.  Building  materials  are  enormously  high.  Prior  to  the  gold  discovery  sawn  timber  was  from  7s.  to  10s.  Per  100  feet—the  average  was  about  Bs.  ;  it  is  now  about  stoll  21.  per  1,000  ;  Stone  has  increased  i  u STYLE=superscript  n  P STYLE=superscript  none  w STYLE=superscript  t  l  al STYLE=superscript  e  e  4 STYLE=superscript  4  o STYLE=superscript  n  f STYLE=superscript  o  w  so STYLE=superscript  g  g  o  ß STYLE=superscript  t  ri STYLE=superscript  u  e STYLE=superscript  n  k STYLE=superscript  d  s STYLE=superscript  e  l STYLE=superscript  i  7 STYLE=superscript  B  l STYLE=superscript  l  .e STYLE=superscript  .  same  or  even  greater  proportion.  The  price  of  stone  for  ordinary  building  purposes,  at  the  quarries,  was  formerly  Vid.  to  sd.  per  foot;  it  is  now  is.  6d.  to  25.,  according  to  size  and  quality.  The  amount  of  money  earned  at  these  wages  is  enormous.  We  believe  11.  a  day  is  a  very  moderate  amount  at  which  to  estimate  the  earnings  of  saw sawyers  yers sawyers  and  quarrymen.  Rents  are  gradually  increasing,  and  for  ordinary  dwellings  have  risen  about  three  times,  and  for  good  business  premises  about  five  times  what  they  were  two  years  since.  Small  three  room  cottages,  in  the  outskirts  of  the  town  ;  let  for  30s.  a  week;  five  room  cottages,  fit  for  families,  are  from  2/.  10s.  to  41.  a  week.  In  the  city  a  good  family  house  is  worth  3001.  a  year.  Good  business  premises,  in  first  rate  situations,  are  very  difficult  to  obtain  ;  7001.  to  8001.  a  year  is  asked,  and  for  some  large  premises  1,0001  has  been  given.  One  of  the  recently  arrived  banks  gave  11,0001.  for  the  premises  which  were  years  ago  occupied  by.the  Bank  of  Australia,  and  then  gave  3,0001.  to  the  tenant,  who  had  a  five  years'  lease,  to  give  up  possession.  A  hotel,  recently  erected,  has  been  let  for  £l,OOO  a  year.  AGRICULTURE.  — STYLE=superscript  It  is  a  matter  of  surprise  and  satisfaction  to  find  that  the  agricultural  and  pas pastoral  toral pastoral  pursuits  of  the  colony  have  not  suffered  from  the  gold  discoveries.  A  very  large  quantity  of  land  has  been  sown  this  year,  in  consequence  of  the  high  price  of  wheat  and  flour  a  few  months  since  ;  and  although  the  heavy  importations  from  the  United  States  put  prices  down  to  an  almost  nomi nominal  nal nominal  rate  a  few  months  since,  the  cessation  of  im importations  portations importations  has  caused  a  gradual  increase  during  the  last  month.  The  graziers  were  naturally  alarmed  when  gold  was  first  discovered  ;  but  the  gradual  increase  in  the  price  of  wool  and  tallow  has  more  than  paid  the  increase  of  wages,  as  is  evident  from  the  great  increase  which  has  taken  place  in  the  price  of  stock  and  stations.  SHOCKING  CONDITION  OF  THE  ROADS.—RAILROADS  BEGUN.—A  great  drawback  to  the  prosperity  of  the  colony  is  the  dreadful  state  of  the  roads.  At  pre-  sent  a  ton  of  flour  can  be  purchased  in  Sydney  for  £25;  it  cannot  be  conveyed  from  Sydney  to  the  Turon,  160  miles,  for  less  than  £3O,  thus  adding  more  than  one  hundred  per  cent.  to  its  cost.  We  are  glad,  therefore,  to  be  able  to  state  that  before  the  end  of  the  next  year,  the  first  section  of  the  Sydney  railway,  fifteen  miles  to  Paramatta,  will  be  opened.  A  second  railway  company  is  in  course  of  formation,  for  the  purpose  of  making  a  railway  from  Newcastle  to  Upper  Hunter.  Another  step  in  the  extension  of  Warn  naviga navigation  tion navigation  is  about  to  take  place.  The  Peninsular  and  Oriental  Company  have  announced  their  intention  of  placing  the  steamer  Ann  on  the  line,  be between  tween between  New  England  and  Sydney.  She  is  to  sail  this  week.  DISCUSSION  OF  THE  PROPOSED  NEW  CONSTITUTION.  —The  legislature  of  New  South  Wales  has  been  engaged  for  two  months  in  discussing  the  provi provisions  sions provisions  of  a  new  constitution,  reported  by  the  com committee  mittee committee  to  whom  the  subject  was  referred.  It  is  in intently  tently intently  opposed  by  the  Sydney  Empire  and  a  large  proportion  of  the  people.  Many  of  the  most  intelligent  men  in  the  colonies  are  warmly  in  favour  of  modelling  the  new  constitu constitution  tion constitution  after  that  of  the  United  States,  and  all  our  leading  statesmen  and  constitutional  writers  are  constantly  quoted  in  the  debates.  The  Sydney  Empire  says  on  this  subject:—  The  outline  of  the  American  constitution  pre presents  sents presents  us  with  an  idea  more  nearly  complete  of  a  perfect  contrivance  for  the  government  of  a  country,  than  we  can  find  anywhere  else.  It  was  the  glory  of  Washington,  his  times,  and  compeers.  Nothing  can  be  more  worthy  of  the  profound  study  of  a  statesman.  And  .  adherence  to  such  a  plan  could  not  fail,  under  Providence,  to  make  a  nation  great.  It  is  the  constitution  which  has  raised  the  United  States,  in  less  than  eighty  years,  to  the  .  rank  of  one  of  the  chief  nations  of  the  world.  The  issue  of  the  experiment  has  been  so  manifest  that  it  is  impossible  not  to  wonder  at  the  stolidity  of  states statesmen  men statesmen  who  are  not  convinced  by  it.  LATEST  GOLD  CIRCULARS.  SYDNEY,  AUGUST  13,  1853.---The  latest  news  from  all  our  mines  continues  to  show  signs  of  reviving  activity  and  pros prosperity.  perity. prosperity.  We  must  remain  contented  with  these  glimpses  of  future  well-being  until  the  weather  becomes  more  settled,  but  yet  we  prize  them  as  earnests  of  what  may  then  be  ex expected.  pected. expected.  The  only  point  worthy  of  notice  is  the  falling  in  of  about  half  an  acre  of  ground  at  Spring  Creek  owing  to  the  water  having  filled  the  excavations  and  undermined  their  supports.  Happily  this  was  attended  with  no  accident,  the  water  having  effectually  precluded  all  attempts  at  working  the  claims  thus  overwhelmed.  No  escorts  have  arrived  in  Sydney  this  week.  There  has  been  but  little  gold  offering  during  the  week,  and  the  price  remains  firm  at  78s.  for  Victoria  gold.  Exports  since  our  last  :  August  11,  G.  S.  Co.'s  steamer  Argo,  for  Southampton  Add  previous  export  Ounces  29,846  1,394,339  1,424,184  Value  at  70s.  per  ounce  £4,984,644,000  Exchange  on  London,  drafts  against  gold,  1  per  cent.  premium.  Freight  I  per  cent.  THE  SANDWICH  ISLANDS.  We  publish  from  the  Polynesian  of  the  3d  and  10th  of  September,  copies  of  the  official  correspondence  between  the  Hawaiian  government  and  the  representatives  of  France,  Great  Britain  and  the  United  States,  briefly  referred  to  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  of  Monday.  HONOLULU,  Aug.  29,  1853.  SIR,—We,  the  undersigned  representatives  of  Great  Britain  and  France,  have  the  honor  to  solicit  an  audience  with  the  king  and  his  majesty's  privy  council,  for  the  purpose  of  expressing  our  sentiments  respecting  some  recent  occurrences  which  we  conceive  deeply  involve  the  sovereignty  of  the  king  and  the  independence  of  the  islands.  With  sentiments  of  high  consideration,  we  have  the  honor  to  be,  sir,  your  most  obedient  humble  servants,  WM.  MILLER,  Em.  PERRIN.  To  R.  C.  Wyllie,  Esq.,  H.  H.  M.'s  Minister  Foreign  Relations  PRIVY  COUNCIL  CHAMBERS,  PALACE,  August  29th,  1853.  _  _  The  undersigned  had  the  honor  to  receive  this  day  in  privy  council,  the  note  by  the  two  representatives  of  Great  Britain  and  France,  of  this  date,  in  which  they  solicit  an  audience  with  the  king  and  his  majesty's  privy  council,  for  the  purpose  of  expressing  their  sentiments  respecting  some  recent  occurrences  which  they  consider  deeply  involve  his  majesty's  sovereignty  and  the  independence  of  his  islands.  The  undersigned  is  commanded  by  the  king  to  reply  that  he  has  convoked  his  council  for  Thursday,  the  Ist  of  Sept.,  at  11  o'clock,  a.m.,  to  receive  the  representatives  of  Great  Britain  and  Fr  moo.  The  undersigned  has  the  honor  to  add  the  assurance  of  his  highest  respect  and  consideration.  R  C.  WYLLIE.  To  Monsieur  Louis  Emile  To  Perrin,  Consul,  Commis-  Wm.  Miller,  Esq.,  sioner  and  Plenipotentiary  H.  B.  M.'s  Consul,  of  his  Imperial  Arajesty,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  Napoleon  111.  of  France.  HONOLULU,  September  Ist,  1853.  May  it  Please  Your  Majesty  :  We,  the  representatives  of  Great  Britain  and  France,  beg  leave  respectfully  to  intimate  to  your  majesty,  that  we  are  fully  informed  of  the  extraordinary  course  adopted  by  some  American  merchants,  landed  proprietors,  and  other  citizens  of  the  United  States  connected  with  the  Protestant  mis missionaries,  sionaries, missionaries,  residing  in  Woahoo,  with  a  view  to  induce  your  Majesty  to  alienate  your  sovereignty  and  the  independence  of  these  islands,  by  immediate  negotiation  for  annexation  to  the  U.  S.  ;  and  that  we  are  aware,  also,  of  the  countenance  and  support  that.  a  memorial  those  gentlemen  have  addressed  to  you,  to  the  aforesaid  effect,  has  received  from  high  official  functionaries  at  Honolulu,  all  of  which  proceedings  have  given  rise  to  considerable  excitement  among  French  and  British  residents.  Under  these  circumstances  we  consider  it  our  duty  to  re remind  mind remind  you  that  Great  Britain  and  France  have  entered  into  solemn  treaties  with  the  Sandwich  Islands,  by  which  treaties  your  mljesty,  your  heirs  and  successors,  are  bound  to  ex extend,  tend, extend,  at  all  times,  to  French  and  British  subjects  the  same  advantages  and  privileges  as  may  .  be  granted  to  subjects  or  citizens  of  the  most  favoured  nation;  and  the  joint  decla declaration  ration declaration  of  England  and  France,  on  the  28th  of  November,  1843,  was  founded  upon  the  clear  understanding  that  your  majesty  was  to  preserve  yobr  kingdom  as  an  independent  state.  _  _  .  Therefore,  we  declare,  in  the  name  of  our  governments,  that  any  attent  to  annex  the  Sandwich  Islands  to  any  fo foreign  reign foreign  power  whatever,  would  be  in  contravention  of  existing  treaties,  and  could  not  be  looked  upon  with  indifference  by  either  the  British  o►  French  governments.  We  beg  further  to  observe  that,  in  accordance  with  the  Hawaiian  constitution  your  majesty  could  only  alienate  your  sovereignty  and  islands  under  certain  circumstances  —which  circumstances  have  not  occurred—  and  that  no  mo monarch  narch monarch  whatever,  according  to  Vattel  and  other  writers  on  international  law,  has  a  right  to  alienate  his  kingdom,  or  to  enter  into  a  negociation  with  that  view,  without  the  concur concurrence  rence concurrence  of  his  people.  We  therefore,  consider  that  the  time  has  arrived  for  us  to  remonstrate,  and  we  do  hereby  remonstrate  against  your  majesty  becomming  a  party  to  the  scheme  recently  got  up,  or  to  any  other  project  which  existing  treaties  and  the  Ha Hawaiian  waiian Hawaiian  constitution  do  not  sanction.  EM.  PERRIN,  Wat.  MILLER,  PRIVY  COUNCIL  CHAMBER,  PALACE,  12,  Noon,  Ist  Sept.  1853.  .  .  The  undersigned  is  commanded  by  th  king  to  state  to  the  represent  itives  of  Great  Britain  and  France,  that  his  majesty  will  duly  consider  the  joint  memorandum  which  they  this  day  presented  to  his  majesty,  _in  presence  of  his  ministers  and  privy  council  of  state.—Your  most  obedient  humble  servant,  R.  C.  WYLLIE.  To  Mons.  Louis  Emile  Perrin,  To  Consul,  Commissioner,  and  Wm.  Miller,  Esq.,  Plenipotentiary  of  his  H.  B.  M.'s  Consul,  Imperial  Majesty,  Na-  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  puleon  111.,  of  France.  DEPARTMENT  OF  FOREIGN  RELATIONS,  (No.  8.)  HONOLULU,  September  3,  1853.  Sm,—lt  was  resolved  by  the  king  in  council  on  the  Ist  of  this  month,  that  I  should  pass  to  you,  officially,  the  Poly Polynesian,  nesian, Polynesian,  No.  17,  of  this  day,  containing  the  joint  address  to  his  Maj,;sty  of  that  day,  by  the  representatives  of  Great  Britain  and  France.  This  I  have  the  honor  now  to  do,  and  at  the  same  time,  to  acknowledge  the  receipt  of  your  de despatch,  spatch, despatch,  No.  46,  of  the  29th  August.  I  have  the  assurance  of  uniform  past  experience  that  you,  and  the  United  States  consuls  under  you,  have  ever  taken  a  deep  and  active  interest  in  the  independent  sovereignty  of  the  king,  acting  fully  and  faithfully  up  to  the  principles  de declared  clared declared  by  Mr.  Clayton,  on  the  6th  of  July,  1853,  to  Wm.  C.  Rives,  Esq.,  to  be  submitted  to  the  government  of  France,  and  to  those  declared  by  the  late  Mr.  Webster,  to  your yourself,  self, yourself,  under  date  of  the  14th  July,  1851,  of  which  copies  were  frankly  and  honorably  sent  by  him,  both  to  the  British  and  French  governments.  With  the  highest  respect  and  consideration,  I  have  the  honor  to  be,  sir,  Your  most  obedient,  humble  servant,  R.  C.  WYLLIE.  To  Luther  Severance,  Esq.,  U.  S.  Commissioner,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  U.  S.  COMMISSION,  (No.  47.)  HONOLULU,  Sept.  3,  1853.  have  the  honor  of  receiving  your  communication  of  this  morning,  in  which  you  say  it  was  resolved  by  the  king  in  council  on  the  first  day  of  the  month,  that  you  should  pass  to  me,  officially,  a  copy  of  the  joint  address  to  his  majesty  by  the  representatives  of  Great  Britain  and  France,  made  on  that  day,  which  you  have  done  by  enclosing  a  copy  No.  17  of  the  Polynesian,  published  this  morning.  My  thanks  are  due  to  the  king  and  council,  for  taking  immediate  measures  to  apprise  me  officially  of  the  exact  con contents  tents contents  of  the  address,  which  I  perceive  remonstrates  against  the  extraordinary  course  adopted  by  some  American  mer merchants,  chants, merchants,  landed  proprietors,  and  other  citizens  of  tho  United  to  induce  the  king  to  slionate  his  sovereignty  and  the  indepot.louee  of  the  islands,  by  immediate  negotiation  for  annexation  to  the  United  States.  You  are  aware  that  the  government  of  the  United  States  has  never  made  any  propositions  to  his  majesty's  govern government  ment government  to  annex  the  islands,  though  the  matter  has  undoubt undoubtedly  edly undoubtedly  engaged  the  attention  both  of  citizens  of  the  United  States  and  of  subjects  of  the  King.  To  me  it  is  not  surpris surprising  ing surprising  that  the  merchants  and  landed  whether  Americans  or  others,  should  perceive  great  commercial  ad advantages  vantages advantages  in  such  a  connection,'  considering  that  the  principal  part  of  the  commerce  of  the  islands  is  with  the  United  States,  and  that  the  islands  must  look  almost  exclusively  to  the  Pacific  coast  of  the  United  States  for  a  market  for  their  products,  and  the  means  of  paying  for  their  heavy  imports.  I  perceive,  therefore,  nothing  very  extraordinary  in  the  pro project  ject project  remonstrated  against.  And  if  now,  or  at  any  future  time,  it  shall  be  found  to  be  decidedly  for  the  interest  of  both  countries  to  unite  their  sovereignties,  I  am  unable  to  perceive  any  treaty  or  moral  obligations  on  the  part  of  either,  to  forbid  the  desired  union,  or  any  good  reason  for  foreign  interference  to  prevent  it.  French  and  English  subjects  might  still  be  entitled  to  the  privileges  of  the  '  most  favoured  and  on  the  score  of  commercial  advantages  cannot  well  complain  of  being  subjected  in  these  islands  to  the  revenue  laws  of  a  country  which  consumes  and  pays  for  French  manufactures  and  other  products  to  the  amount  of  forty  millions  of  dollars  annually,  and  of  British  goods  to  the  amount  of  one  hundred  millions  annually—the  revenue  laws  of  a  country  rapidly  growing,  and  whose  trade  is  now  of  more  value  to  Great  Britain  and  France  than  that  of  any  of  their  colonies,  if  not  indeed  of  all  of  them  added  together,  vast  as  the  English  colonies  are.  In  view  of  these  great  interests  which  would  be  sacrificed  by  a  disturbance  of  pacific  relations,  (to  say  nothing  of  several  hundred  millions  of  American  stooks  held  in  Europe,  whose  value  might  for  the  time  be  seriously  affected,)  it  is  not  to  be  supposed  that  France  will  insist  on  the  little  ad advantage  vantage advantage  of  importing  into  these  islands,  silks,  wines,  &amp;c.,  to  the  amount  of  a  few  thousand  dollars  at  five  per  cent.  duty,  as  she  now  does  by  her  construction  of  the  treaty  of  26th  March,  1846  ;  a  treaty  which  instead  of  being  a  valid  reason  why  the  king  should  not  transfer  his  sovereignty,  is  a  stand standing  ing standing  and  powerful  argument  to  justify  him  in  doing  so,  since  that  treaty  denies  to  him  one  of  the  most  important  attri attributes  butes attributes  of  sovereignty—one  in  the  highest  degree  essential  to  all  independent  nations.  Still  less  is  it  to  be  supposed  that  great  Britain  will  claim  the  privileges  of  the  most  favoured  under  this  IFrench  treaty,  since  she  has  generously  thrown  up  her  own  treaty  of  the  same  date  and  tenure,  and  substituted  that  of  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES."
