text
"AMERICA.  ARRIVAL  OF  NO  MESSAGE.  The  United  States  Mail  steamer,  Baltic  arrived  'here  yesterday  morning  with  60  passengers  and  860,000  dollars  in  specie,  and  by  her  we  have  our  files  of  papers  from  New  York  to  the  26th  ult.  The  Baltic  left  the  lower  bay  of  New  York  at  1.0  a.m.  on  Thursday,  Dec.  27th,  and  arrived  at  the  bar  at  midnight,  Jan.  7th  ;  Dec.  27th,  passed  steamer  Pacific  160  miles  east  of  Sandy-Hook  Friday,  Jan.  4th,  at  3.30  p.m.  lat.  50,  long.  saw  apropeller  bound  west.  The  President's  message  had  not  been  delivered,  the  House  of  Representatives  not  yet  having  Sleeted  a  speaker,  and  had  adjourned  over  until  after  the  Ist  of  Jan.,  so  that  the  anxiously  looked.  for  document  can  scarcely  be  expected  even  by  the  next  arrival.  In  reference  to  the  election  of  speaker,  the  last  despatch  from  Washington  says  :  The  most  experienced  politicians  are  at  fault  with  rs.  gard  to  the  speakership.  The  whole  matter  is  at  head  lock,  and  nobody  pretends  to  have  the  key.  Only  one  thing  seems  certain,  and  that  is,  that  f STYLE=superscript  ninety  to  one onehundred  hundred onehundred  men  are  firmly  resolved  to  abandon  the  support  of  Mr.  Banks.  come  may.  Two  weeks  ago  some  of  these  were  disposed  *o  drop  him  and  try  a  new.  candidate.  But  every_be.aye  adds  strength  to  the  convic conviction  tion conviction  that  to  yield  ,  Kr  .  is  to  concede  the  defeat  of  the  Anti-Nebras':a  party,  and  yield  the  victory  to  the  traitors  elected  as  Anti-Nebraska  men,  are  relent-  Iv  Polessly  tr.,ssing  their  efforts  to  revive  toed  ational  know 'knowitingism,'  and  making  it  an  element  ivide  thenorth  t'ae  next  presidential  campaign.  We  quote  the  following  summary  of  the  news  trona  the  New  York  Herald:—  It  is  stated  by  our  correspondent,  that  Mr.  Marcy's  detoands  upon  the  British  Government  require,  among  other  things,  the  re-call  of  Mr.  Crampton,  or  some  other  public  act  of  equally  signal  satisfaction  to  the  United  -Slates.  So  that  point,  so  much  controverted  and  discuss  Sd  by  the  ne  wspapers  and  their  correspondents,  may  be  2',egarded  as  put  a  t  res  t  now.lOur  negotiations  with  the  'Spanish STYLE=superscript  government  are  progressing.  No  action  has  yet  been  taken  in  the  Cabinet  on  the  recognition  of  Walker's  Will  not  be  rec  ogn  i  ze  d  .  forw  In  the  Senate,  on  Wed  nes  da  y,  M  r.  Clayton  b  rought  'p  ard  the  interminable  F  renc  h  spo  li  at  i  on  quest  i  on.  Ho  roposes  to  discuss  the  subj  ec  t  f  u  l  ly  at  a  future  day,  and  expects  his  veto  messageto  demolish  the  arguments  used  by  the  president  i  n  .  One  of  our  Washington  correspondents  states  that  Col.  p STYLE=superscript  arker  H.  French,  the  newly  appointed  Minister  from  Nicaragua,  presented  his  credentials  at  the  State  Depart Departbent,  bent, Departbent,  and  that  Mr.  Marcy  refused  to  recognise  him,  on  the  ground  tbat  Walker's  government  had  not  received  a  proper  endorsement  from  the  people  of  t\  icarattua.  Cen Cenantral  antral Cenantral  American  affairs  and  the  alleged  filibustering  move movedit  dit movedit  s  Were  deliberated  upo  n  b  y  t  h  e  cabinet  on  Monday,  ta  .  was  resolved  to  use  th  e  most  stringent  measures  to  sterat  any  and  all  attempts  to  violate  the  neutrality  laws.  bur  accounts  from  Kansas  confirm  the  reports  ,  here heretofore  tofore heretofore  received,  of  the  triumph  of  law  and  the  restoration  'of  tranquility  in  that  territory,  if  it  can  be  said  that  such  thinglas  tranquility  was  ever  known  there.  i  If  any  doubts  remain  as  to  the  fate  of  the  intrepid  Arctic  navigator,  Sir  John  Franklin  —whose  exploits  and  sufferings  have  rendered  his  name  more  famous  through throughout  out throughout  the  world  than  will  ever  be  that  of  the  recognised  dig  coverer  of  the  Northwest  passage  —they  will  undoubtedly  be  set  at  rest  upon  the  perusal  of  the  narrative  relating  thereto,  which  we  publish  to-day.  It  is  a  brief  history  Hof  the  progress  and  results  of  an  expedition  sent  out  in  dam,  under  the  command  of  Mr.  James  Green  Stuart,  a  Shief  trader  of  the  Hudson's  Bay  Company,  to  explore  the  region  where  it  was  supposed  the  remains  01  Sir  John  and  his  companions  were  to  be  found.  The  explo exploration  ration exploration  party,  after  enduring  the  rigours  of  the  extreme  xrerthern  latitudes  with  incredible  courage,  succeeded  in  teaching  Montreal  Island,  where  were  found  relics  of  the  lon,g-lost  navigators,  confirming  the  reports  received  from  the  Ksquimax  by  Dr.'llae  who,  was  the  first  to  p  u  bli  s  h  the  tidings  of  th  e  i  r  fate.  in  connection  with  this  subject  `we  may  notice  the  arrival  at  New  London  on  Sunday  of  the  English  discovery  ship  Resolute,  one  of  the  vessels  oinVesitrg  Sir  Edward  Belcher's  squadron,  sent  out  in  search  of  Sir  John  Franklin,  and  which,  having  become  lShe  otked  in  the  Polar  ice,  was  abandoned  by  that  officer.  was  fallen  in  with  by  an  American  whaler,  the  captain  of  which  took  possession  of  her.  Her  value  is  estimated  at  100,000  dollars.  Captain  Belcher  was  tried  by  court  martial,  at  his  own  solicitation,  for  abandoning  Iris  ship,  and,  although  not  censured  for  his  conduct,  the  tribunal  did  not  justify  it.  t  ',We  have  intelli  g  ence,  by  telegraph,  of  the  wrec  k  o  f  t  h  e  steamer  Crescent  City,  of  and  from  this  port  for  Havana  and  New  Orleans.  She  went  ashore  on  the  Bahama  wanks  on  the  7th  Dec.,  and  will  probably  prove  a  total  loss.  The  passengers,  crew  and  baggage,  and  the  mails,  Were  taken  to.  Nassau,  N.P.,  hy_wreclters,  and  a  vessel  had  been  chartered  to  convey  them  to  their  destination.  We  publish  this  morning  a  full  account  of  the  particu particulars  lars particulars  attending  the  seizure  of  the  steamship  Northern  Light  by  the  United  States  authorities,  acting  under  in instructions  structions instructions  received  from  the  president.  The  district  at attorney  torney attorney  attended  at  the  vessel  in  person,  accompanied  by  his  assistant,  Mr.  Joachinssen,  and  three  or  lour  deputy  marshals,  and  informed  hers  captainland  owners  that  if  the  ie  ft  whil  e  under  detention  they  would  be  acting  i  n  'violation  of  the  laws,  and  they  should  be  held  responsible  tor  their  conduct.  In  defiance  of  his  authority,  how however  ever however  they  start  e  d  w  ith  the  officers  on  bo  ar  d,  an  d  fut  the  midst  of  the  most  intense  excitement  of  a  large  crowd  who  had  assembled  on  the  pier.  She  Inlet  with  no  interruption  till  passing  Governor's  Island,  when  she  was  stopped  by  the  United  States  revenue  nutter  Washington,  which  ,brought  her  to,  after  firing  three  times  with  blank  cartridge.  She  was  then  boarded  by  some  of  the  officers  from  the  cutter  and  anchored  in  the  river  between  the  Battery  and  Jersey  City,  where  she  ts  lying  at  present.  None  of  the  passengers  will  be  per permitted  mitted permitted  to  land  until  she  is  searched,  for  the  purpose  of  discovering  if  she  carries  any  concealed  munitions  of  war  for  Nicaragua.  The  latest  advices  from  Havana  speak  of  fresh  rumours  of  a  filibuster  invasion,  originating  in  the  fact  of  a  smspicious  vessel  having  been  seen,  or  spoken,  off  Cienfuegos,  —no  doubt  bound  for  that  now  common  rendezvous  of  filibusters  in  general,  —Nicaragua.  In  reference  to  this  a  correspondent  at  Havana,  writing  on  the  16th  of  December,  says  :  There  has  been  a  stupid  report  in  circulation  here  dur during  ing during  the  past  day  or  two,  that  a  party  of  filibusters  had  landed  somewhere  near  Cienfuegos.  The  evening  before  last  I  was  at  the  Villa  Nueva  Theatre.  General  Concha,  his  wife  and  daughters.  were  also  present.  I  observed  that  the  Captain-general  appeared  extremely  anxious,  and  I  thought  I  noticed  him  once  or  twice,  as  some  person  approached  his  box  door  with  hurried  step.  I  heard  yesterday  that  the  telegraph  employees  were  kept  in  their  office,  at  the  palace,  all  Friday  night.  The  report  is  understood  to  have  originated  in  the  circumstance  of  a  vessel,  crowded  with  men,  (emigrants  going  to  Nicaragua,)  having  been  spoken,  a  few  days  since,  off  this  port,  which  men  are  reported  to  have  had  a  fillibusterish  appearance,  whilst  some  say  a  cargo  of  negroes,  having  been  landed  near  Cienfuegos,  gave  rise  to  the  report.  pu,  advan  31.13,  RYE,  1300.  to  1320.  per  D  6  -n -n  FLOUR:  —6  dots.  to  1'  dot  change  znactiN  sales  80  bx  MEXO.  The  Alvarez  ministry  broke  C STYLE=superscript  up  on  the  6th  December.  One  account,  however,  denies  that  any  ministerial  crisis  had  occurred.  Comonfort  had  abandoned  Alvarez,  and  it  was  thought  the  latter  would  return  to  the  South.  The  condition  of  the  country  was  worse  than  ever.  Quarrels,  pronunciamentos,  robberies  and  every  conceiv conceivable  able conceivable  species  of  disorder  prevailed.  COMMERCIAL  INTELLIGENCE  ---  MONEY  AND  I,ToCKS.  -  The  continued  favourable  tenor  of  the  financial  advices  from  London  and  Paris  having  nearly  if  not  entirely  dis dissipated  sipated dissipated  the  immediate  apprehension  of  a  monetary  crisis  in  Europe  a  more  cheerful  feeling  prevades  our  stock  market.  With  the  exception  of  a  short  period  of  dullness  produced  by  an  advance  in  foreign  exchange,  and  a  mo momentary  mentary momentary  resumption  of  specie  shipments,  business  during  the  fortnight  has  been  active,  and  prices  generally  buoy buoyant.  ant. buoyant.  The  upward  tendency  is  perhaps  in  some  degree  attributable  to  the  apparent  confirmation  of  the  peace  rumours  by  the  advance  in  consols  and  Wrench  funds.  The  absence  however,  of  direct  proofs  of  the  authenticity  of  these  rumours  prevents  their  having  any  material  effect,  and  the  improvement  is  due  mainly  to  a  gro  wing  confi confidence  dence confidence  that,  under  any  c STYLE=superscript  ircumstances,  the  course  of  money  matters  on  this  side  during  the  winter  will  not  be  dis disturbed  turbed disturbed  by  serious  embarrassments  n  Europe.  In  state  stocks  we  have  to  notice  an  advance  of  per  .in  Kentucky  and  Tennessee,  2  per  cont.  in  Virginia  and  Missouri  6's.  CABIBIANN  &amp;  Co.  I.  COTTON  =  The  business  in  this  market  has  only  been  to  a  mode moderate  rate moderate  extent  for  home  consumption.  and  a  little  for  specu speculation.  lation. speculation.  Exporters  have  been  unable  to  operate,  from  the  limited  selection,  and  the  firmness  which  holders  h  ave  displayed.  The  sales  for  the  week  are  estimated  at  7,000  bales.  Prices  are  ic  to  Ic  per  lb.  higher  on  some  grades.  The  export  during  the  week  has  been—to  Great  Britain,  2,000-bales  ;  other  forei,m  ports,  1000.  RECEIPTS.—The  total  now  exceeds  the  large  crop  year,  and  from  the  rise  in  all  the  Southern  rivers,  we  may  with  confidence  expect  heavy  receipts  into  the  ports  for  some  weeks,  and  a  consequent  weekly  gain  upon  the  cor corresponding  responding corresponding  period  of  1852-53,  which-  will  establish  a  belief  in  the  large  estimates  now  prevailing  here  and  in  the  South.  Th  e  ex  p  or  t  to  Great  Britain  is  only  29,000  bales  for  the  week,  while  to  France  and  other  foreign  ports  a  largo  amount  has  again  been  taken.  The  following  is  a  statement  of  the  movement  in  cotton  since  the  Ist  of  September  last,  as  compared  with  the  previous  three  years:  18  5  5  .  1854  1853.  1852,  Receipts  at  the  1,253,000  781,000  7  8 STYLE=superscript  4,0001,244,0  00  Exports  to  Great  Britain-T.'  -  316,000  217,000  450,0  00  154 STYLE=superscript  ,000  85,000  52,000  66.000  other  For.  Ports  .  -108.00  f)  42  000  45,800  50,000  Total  Exports  .  680,000  443,000  ;  314,000  5 STYLE=superscript  7  2 STYLE=superscript  ,  00 STYLE=superscript  0  Stock  on  hand  .  514,000  354,  1 STYLE=superscript  ;00  408,000  560,000  DO STYLE=superscript  M  l STYLE=superscript  l  66 STYLE=superscript  G  r  s.  .:R  e  tal  e  in  ng  e  a  r  g  e  e  a  m  se  e  i  n  n  ts  exg  v  r  e  ts,  b  2  e  3  e  7  n  ,oo  l  l  m  b  i  a  te  let  at  7-32  d  to  id  for  cotton  to  Liverpool,  and  ic  per  lb.  to  THE  BALTIC.  Havre.  EXCZtANGES  are  dull,  and  lower,  clobing  at  iOBl  to  1081  per  cent.  on  London,  and  onTatis  at  5.20.  W.  P.  WRiouT  i3READSTUFFS.  FLOUR.—  Prices  fell  nearly  25  cents  per  brl.  on  the  Asia's  advises  to  the  Bth  inst  ,  from  Liverpool,  received  On  the  evenin2,-  of  the  18th  inst..  by  telegraph  via  Halifax;  but  the  market  has  since  tended  upWards,  and  closes,  with  slight  exceptions,  at  the  quotations  of  the  18th  inst.  No  mrchases  of  moment  could  now  be  made,  excepting  at  an  chance  on  our  lowest  figures.  WREAT  is  about  5  cents  per  bushel  lower.  INDIAN  CORN.—Has  declined  3  to  4  cents  p'r  bushel  v.  93c.  to  94c.  per  56  lbs.  Southern  Yellow;  new,  Mixed.  co-  per  brl.  otnEttsPooN,  KINGSFORD  &amp;  Co.  PROVISIONS.—The  market  for  pork  is  50  cents  lower  with  only  a  limited  demand;  sales  800  brls,  closing  at  19  dogs  500  to  19  dots  75c  for  mess;  16  dols  87ic  to  17  dols  fol.  prime  ;  18  dols  25c  to  18  dols  50c  for  thin  mess,  and  18  dols  75c  to  21  dols  for  prime  mess.  The  market  for  beef  is  dull  and  drooping,  but  prices  are  without  quotable  sales  4o  brls  at  9  dols  to  10  dols  for  country  ?rime;  10  dols  62ic  to  12  dols  for  ditto  mess;  13  dols  75c  to  14  dols  for  Vermont  mess  ;  14  dols  25c  to  15  dols  for  repacked  Western,  and  16  dols  to  16  dols  25c  for  extra  ditto.  Prime  mess  continues  dull,  and  prices  are  nomi nominally  nally nominally  20  dols  to  24  dols.  Beef  hams  are  more  plenty,  and  at  14  dols  to  17  dols.  Cut  meats  are  also  dull  -  'long  middles,  rib  in,  at  10  cents.  Dressed  '  hogs  are  selling  at  8c  to  Lard  is  in  moderate  demand  at  124  c  to  12ftc.,  at  which  prices  800  brls.  and  tierces  have  been  so:d.  Butter  and  Cheese  sell  slowly  at  quoted  rates.  FREIGHTS.—The  Market  is  without  material  change,  though  rates  are  barely  sustained,  and  in  view  of  the  in increased  creased increased  supply  of  tonnage  in  port,  engagements  could  probably  be  effected  for  next  week  on  more  reasonable  terms.  To  Liverpool,  the  operations  embrace  60  to  70.000  bushels  Grain  at  bid.  to  9d.  in  bulk  and  ship's  bags;  7000  brls.  Flour,  3s.  to  3s.  6d.  ;  GO  bales  Tobacco,  305.;  and  400  boxes  Cheese,  and  80  do.  l3acon,  355."
