text
"DOCK  COMMITTEE.-YESTERDAY.  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  this  Committee  was  held  yesterday,  at  one  o'clock  ;  and  after  the  minutes  of  the  last  meeting  were  read,  Mr.  CHARLES  TURNER  was  unanimously  re-elected  chairman,  and  Mr.  Francis  Shand,  deputy  chairman  of  the  committee  for  the  ensuing  year.  On  being  re-elected,  The  CHAIRMAN  thanked  the  committee  for  such  a  mark  of  their  confidence.  He  felt  grateful  for  the  assistance  they  had  always  given  him,  and  with  the  aid  of  that  assistance  a&amp;.ain  he  hoped  he  would  be  able  to  perform  the  duties  of  his  office  with  satisfaction  to  the  committee  and  the  town.  The  other  members  present  were—Messrs.  Langsdale,  Holmc,  Evans,  Grayson,  Barber,  Robinson,  Robertson  Glad Gladstone,  stone, Gladstone,  Smith,  Holden,  Malcomson,  Rankin,  Steele,  Round Roundthwaite,  thwaite, Roundthwaite,  Molyneux,  Royden,  Tobin,  Healing,  Brocklebank,  Chaloner,  Littledale,  and  Lockett.  No  change  took  place  in  the  appointment  of  the  sub-com sub-committees.  mittees. sub-committees.  They  remain  the  same  as  last  year.  The  sub-committee  recommended  that  the  upper  floor  of  the  transit  sheds  at  the  south  side  of  Huskisson's  Dock  be  let  to  Messrs.  I,l‘lvers  and  Co.  ;  that  the  offer  of  Mr.  Ralph  Lyons  to  supply  100  large  and  six  dozen  of  small  poles  be  accepted.  Agreed  to.  The  sub-committee  also  submitted  a  plan,  with  a  recommendation  that  it  be  agreed  to,  of  a  stair staircase  case staircase  for  obtaining  better  access  to  the  upper  floor  of  the  dock  offices,  and  alteration  in  the  skylights,  for  converting  the  rooms  into  offices—the  estimated  cost  of  which  would  be  1500.  Mr.  HOLME  said  that  he  had  not  seen  the  plan  of  the  pro proposed  posed proposed  improvements,  but  he  knew  that  they  would  render  the  rooms,  which  were  now  useless,  available  for  any  pur purpose.  pose. purpose.  The  CHAIRMAN  observed  that  they  were  greatly  pinched  for  accommodation,  and  that  it  would  be  a  great  convenience  if  the  now  useless  rooms  could  be  made  available.  It  being  understood  that  the  proposed  stairs  were  to  be  wood,  ,  Mr.  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE  asked  if  the  present  stone  stair-case  could  not  be  continued  ?  He  thought  it  would  have  rather  a  bad  effect  if  wood  were  introduced.  Mr.  HOLME  replied  that  stone  would  be  much  more  ex expensive  pensive expensive  than  wood.  Mr.  R.  GLADSTONE  inquired  what  would  be  the  difference  of  expellee?  The  DEPUTY-CHAIRMAN  replied  that  the  expense  of  a  stone  stair-case  would  be  double  :the  cost  of  a  wood  one.  Mr.  R.  GLADSTONE  said  that  they  would  have  to  keep  official  documents,  and  other  papers,  in  those  rooms,  and  he  conceived  that  stone  would  be  a  better  protection  against  fire  than  wood.  The  CllAntmAx  observed  that  it'  was  not  intended  to  make  the  proposed  staircase  as  wide  as  the  present  one  by  two  feet.  Mr.  HoukiE  said  that  though  he  preferred  stone  to  wood,  yet  as  to  protection  against  fire,  they  should  recollect  that  on  the  burning  of  the  Apothecaries  Hall,  the  stone  stair staircase  case staircase  was  the  first  to  give  way.  Mr.  STEELE  thought  they  should  have  the  staircase  of  stone  for  the  sake  of  uniformity.  The  recommendation  of  the  Sub-Committee  was  adopted,  but  it  was  re-referred  to  them  for  consideration  as  to  whether  the  staircase  should  be  of  stone  or  wood.  The  Sub-committee  of  Warehouse  Management  submitted  a  plan  for  obtaining  additional  room  at  the  Albert  Dock  Warehouse,  by  filling  in  the  South  West  end—the  estimated  cost  of  the  improvement  being  £4,357.  Mr.  ROBINSON  said  that  by  the  proposed  plan  they  would  obtain  819  square  yards  additional,  and  as  they  contemplated  a  five  storey  building,  they  would  have  at  outside  measure measurement,  ment, measurement,  4090  yards  of  additional  room.  They  would  derive  from  this  £1,560  a  year,  and  according  to  the  estimate  of  Mr.  Hartley,  the  total  outlay  would  be  recovered  within  three  years.  Mr:  HOWIE  observed  that,  independently  of  any  profit,  the  proposed  improvement  was  requisite  for  the  general  convenience.  Mr.  RomNsoN  observed  that  the  new  building  would  be  managed  by  the  present  staff,  so  that  on  that  head  there  would  be  no  additional  expense.  The  CHAIRMAN  suggested  that  the  matter  should  be  re referred  ferred referred  to  the  Committee  of  Works.  Mr.  BARBER  did  not  see  why  it  should  be  referred  to  the  Committee  of  Works.  He  thought  the  General  Committee  competent  to  decide  the  question.  The  report  of  the  Sub-committee  was  adopted.  A  letter  was  read  from  Mr.  Gordon,  assistant  clerk  in  one  of  the  warehouses,  praying  the  Committee  to  take  into  con.  sideration  the  distressed  circumstances  under  which  his  father,  who  was  a  clerk  in  the  warehouse,  and  had  recently  died,  had  left  his  family.  Mr.  ROBINSON  said  that  the  father  had  but  £BO  a  year,  and  that  he  had  been  in  the  warehouse  since  its  establishment.  Mr.  LANGSDALE  observed  that  it  was  not  likely  that  a  man  could  put  up  anything  for  his  family  upon  such  a  salary.  It  was  ordered  that  £2O  should  be  given  to  the  family  out  of  the  charitable  fund.  In  the  marine  department,  the  sub-committee  recommended  that  six  small  denoting  buoys  be  obtained,  the  cost  being  from  50s.  to  525.  each.  A  letter  was  read  from  Mr.  Charles  M•lver,  requestsng  to  be  informed  if  those  whom  he  repre represented  sented represented  could  have  a  large-sized  .  graving  dock  allocated  to  their  sole  use.  They  would  require  one  for  twelve  months,  Mr.  LOCKETT  said  that  the  Committee  had  come  to  the  resolution  not  to  recommend  such  applications.  They  could  not  do  so,  as  they  would  have  a  number  of  like  applications  made  to  them,  with  which  it  would  be  impossible  to  comply.  Some  doubt  seemed  to  exist  as  to  whether  Mr.  M'lver's  application  was  for  the  use  of  any  of  the  present  docks,  or  a  request  that  a  large-sized  dock  be  constructed  for  their  use  for  a  certain  time.  _  _  _  Mr.  RANKIN  thought  that  the  application  was  for  the  construction  of  a  new  dock,  of  larger  dimensions  than  any  of  the  present.  Mr.  RoyDEN  said  that  even  so,  it  would  not  suit  to  let  Mr.  Myer,  or  any  other  gentleman,  have  the  sole  use  of  a  graving  dock.  Mr.  HoLmE  thought  the  principal  question  for  considera consideration  tion consideration  was,  whether  or  not  they  had  sufficient  accommodation  for  vessels  visiting  the  port  requiring  repairs.  It  seemed  not,  and  therefore  it  might  be  well  to  consider  whether  it  would  be  worth  while  to  build  a  large  graving  dock,  pro provided  vided provided  Mr.  M'lver  paid  the  interest  on  the  outlay.  If  he  did  so,  he  would  be  entitled  to  the  exclusive  use  of  the  dock.  Mr  . STYLE=superscript  RovnE,NE  thought  such  a  course  would  be  a  very  bad  precedent.  HOLME  :  And  yet  that  is  what  the  Corporation  are  about  to  do  at  the  other  side  of  the  river.  Mr.  MaLcoLmsom  said  there  was  no  doubt  but  that  a  large  graving  dock  was  required,  and  that,  under  any  cir circumstances,  cumstances, circumstances,  the  Committee  would  be  compelled  to  consider  the  propriety  of  at  once  constructing  such  a  work.  Mr.  RANKIN  asked  if  any  of  the  ships  of  Messrs.  Brown,  Shipley,  and  Co.,  could  go  into  any  of  the  present  graving  docks?  The  CHAIRMAN  replied  not.  They  could  go  only  into  the  Huskisson  Dock.  Mr  HOLME  said  that,  knowing  that  it  was  the  intention  to  build  very  large  ships,  they  should  endeavour  to  antici anticipate  pate anticipate  every  want,  in  order  to  keep  the  trade  in  Liverpool.  The  matter  was  referred  to  the  Harbour  Master's  Com Committee.  mittee. Committee.  A  letter  was  read  from  Mr.  Baynes,  Birkenhead,  enclosing  a  memorial,  signed  by  several  parties,  setting  forth  that  the  present  approach  to  the  landing  stage  was  both  difficult  and  dangerous,  and  praying  that  it  might  be  remedied.  Amongst  other  improvements  they  suggested  the  construc construction  tion construction  of  a  high  level  bridge  from  the  bottom  of  James'-street  to  near  the  stage.  Mr.  If  onrE  thought  they  had  already  sufficiently  bene benefitted  fitted benefitted  the  Cheshire  property.  Every  convenience  would  be  given  to  passengers,  but  the  traffic  of  the  port  could  not  be  shut  up.  The  Secretary  was  directed  to  reply  to  the  memorialists  to  that  effect.  The  Committee  then  adjonrned."
