text
"THE  MINISTERIAL  CRISIS  At  the  time  of  going  to  press  no  intimation  had  reached  us  that  Lord  Palmerston  had  acceded  to  the  entreaties  of  Lord  Aberdeen,  and  consented  to  resume  the  seals  of  Secretary  of  State.  That_  office  has  been  vacant  for  more  than  ten  days.  It  has  been  refused  by  Lord  John  Russell;  declined  by  Sir  George  Grey;  and  cannot  be  re resumed  sumed resumed  by  Lord  Palmerston  except  upon  conditions  which  every  true  Englishman  would  approve  ;  but  which,  it  is  said,  are,  unfortunately,  not  consistent  with  the  honour  and  convictions  of  her  Majesty's  remaining  ministers.  Let  us  hope  for  the  sake  of  her  Majesty,  and  considering  the  season  of  the  year,  that  they  may  yet  accept  them.  Several  of  Lord  Palmerston's  late  colleagues  have  paid  him  visits  during  the  week.  Mr.  Glad Gladstone  stone Gladstone  was  the  last.  We  understand  the  right  hon.  gentleman  abounded  in  reasons  why  Lord  Palmer Palmerston  ston Palmerston  should  return  to  Downing  -street.  He  distin distinguished  guished distinguished  between  the  opinion  of  the  (Lord  Aberdeen,  Lord  John  Russell,  and  Sir  James  Graham)  and  the  remainder  of  his  colleagues  whom  nobody  ever  consulted,  but  who  were  prepared  to  assert  their  independence.  We  hear  the  right  hon.  gentleman  was  extremely  ingenious,  and  would  probably  have  been  successful  had  he  not  ad addressed  dressed addressed  an  individual  who  was  in  the  habit  of  thinking  before  he  acted.  The  cabinet  is  divided  into  two  parties,  the  major majorrity  rity majorrity  having  pronounced  against  the  tyranny  Of  the  _  _  _  Lord  Granville,  being  too  late  by  the  train,  was  not  present  at  the  council  on  Thursday,  which  delay,  considering  that  the  ministers  were  five  hours  and  a  half  in  deliberation,  was  an  adroitly adroitlymanaged  managed adroitlymanaged  accident.  Lord  Lansdowne,  though  he  holds  no  office,  and  does  not  attend  the  cabinet  councils,  remains,  we  are  assured,  one  of  her  Majesty's  ministers,  which  is  considered  not  the  least  remarkable  feature  of  our  matchless  constitution.  We  understand  that  another  cabinet  will  be  held  on  Tuesday  next.  .  The  country  still  continues  to  enjoy  the  blessings  of  a  strong  government—Press  of  Saturday.  The  BEST  PATTERNS  and  the  NEWEST  STYLES  of  READY  MADE  GARMENTS  are  to  be  had  At  Wm.  EARP  and  CO.'S,  59  and  61,  LORD  STREET.  A  seaman,  named  Campbell  Johnstone,  was  allowed  to  compromise  a  case  of  ship  desertion  at  Belfast,  by  payment  of  a  sum  of  £5  to  the  Sailors'  Home.  ACCIDENTS.—Between  nine  and  ten  o'clock  on  Saturday  night,  William  Edward  Wilson,  the  second  mate  of  an  American  vessel,  the  Empire  State,  met  with  a  severe  acci accident,  dent, accident,  by  which  his  thigh  was  broken,  and  he  has  received  other  contusions.  Wilson  was  ascending  a  ladder  belonging  to  the  vessel,  which  is  now  lying  in  the  Sandon  graving  dock,  when  he  acc  id  en  t  a  lly  fell  backwards  into  the  dock.  ° STYLE=superscript  At  present  it  is  doubtful  whether  he  will  recover.  Late  on  Friday  night,  a  woman,  named  Mary  Quinn,  living  at  55,  Thomas-street,  was  crushed  between  a  cart  and  tie  wall,  by  which  her  arm  was  fractured,  and  she  received  some  other  injuries  in  the  ribs.  Yesterday  afternoon  a  man  named  Robert  Brewer,  Tinemore-street,  was  conveyed  from  the  Rosehill  bridewell  with  a  fractured  skull.  He  had  been  in  bridewell  all  night.  The  statement  is  that  he  met  with  the  accident  on  Saturday,  in  Byrom-street,  by  falling,  while  in  a  state  of  intoxication,  on  th  e  b  ac  k  o  f  th  e  head.  When  he  is  sufficiently  recovered,  we  presume,  he  will  be  taken  before  the  magistrates,  and  the  charge  for  which  he  was  apprehened  and  detained  investigated,  and  not  suffered  to  disappear,  as  the  man  did,  who  was  so  grossly  misused  in  Lord-street,  a  short  time  since.  From  what  we  can  learn  of  the  character  of  the  wound,  it  may  have  been  inflicted  by  a  stick.  Loan  PALMERSTON.—The  Observer  of  yesterday  says  :  Lord  Palmerston  has  not  ceased  to  hold  the  seals  of  principal  Secretary  of  State,  and  we  have  the  happiness  to  be believe  lieve believe  that  he  will  continue  to  h  o  ld  th  em  s  till.  H  e  .  h  a  s  transacted  business  at  the  Home  Office  during  the  week.  it  is  highly  probable  that  the  Gove  rn  m  e  nt  w  ill  a  pp  e  a  r  a  t  the  opening  of  Parliament  in  the  same  form  and  condition,  in  which  they  concluded  this  year,  one  of  the  most  practically  useful  and  triumphant  sessions  on  record.  THE  LATE  GENERAL  SIR  A.  MA.CKENZIE  has  left  a  variety  of  munificent  bequests  for  religious  and  charitable  objects.  Among  them  are—to  the  church  pastoral  aid  society,  £1,000;  to  the  consumption  hospital,  £1,000;  to  the  Scot Scott'sh  t'sh Scott'sh  hospital,  £500;  to  the  Northern  infirmary,  Inverness,  „ea°  ;  in  tht  , STYLE=superscript  poor  of  and  of  D:ufncali,  Cl6O  raeli  :  Rath  tlistria  tienevolt-nt  institution,  CJOIJ,  tirviral  annuities  anti  minor  I,equests  are  then  directed  by  the  will  to  lw  made,  and  the  residue  of  the  property,  which  was  proved  as  under  £BO,OOO,  is  left  equally  to  his  nephews,  Sir  Roderick  Impey  Murchison,  and  Mr.  K.  Murchison.—lnverness  Advertiser."
