text
"NORTHERN  TIMES.-LIVERPOOL,  [lnsurance  certificates  by  witness  on  Walter's  state  of  health  put  in]—are  in  my  hand  writing;  the  first  bears  date  2nd  December,  1854  ;  I  then  certified  that  his  health  was  entirely  recovered  t  thy  opinion  as  time  grew  on  became  altered,  and  the  result  was  that  I  was  Of  opinion  that  the  life  should  be  declined.  The  private  letter  sent  by  the  witness  to  the  insurance  company,  was  here  handed  to  the  coro coroner,  ner, coroner,  who  read  the  following  extract  from  it  the  pro proposer's  poser's proposer's  brother  is  of  intemperate  habits.  The  proposer,  William  Palmer,  insured  his  wife's  life  for  many  thousand  pounds  and  after  the  payment  of  the  first  premium,  she  died.  Be  The  coroner  also  read  extr  .  iets  from  the  witness's  private  communication,  in  referenct  to  pro proposals  posals proposals  made  to  the  Athenaeum  and  the  Gresham  offices.  Mr.  Smith  :  Not  one  of  these  proposals  were  accepted,  and  therefore  0  - STYLE=superscript  6  , STYLE=superscript  are  not  evidence.  By  Mr.  Deane  iUp  to  July  he  was  temperate.  I  had  better  opportunities  of  judging  of  this  from  February  to  July,  than  I  ever  had  in  my  life  ;  I  often  met  him,  and  he  seemed  healthy  from  the  conversati  on  I  h  a  d  with  him;  I  did  not  call  upon  him;  he  called  Upon  me  once  in  July;  he  once  I  know  the  evil  of  my  life  ;  I  think  you  have  prevented  me  from  insuring  my  life  long  That  was  in  July  or  August,  1854;  he  said  he  owed  his  brother  William  £4OO,  and  he  was  anxious  to  have  it  secured;  I  had  prevented  him  from  insuring  his  life  several  times,  and  he  Are  you  aware  that  my  habits  are  entirely  altered  ?  I  only  drink  two  or  three  glasses  of  bitter  beer  a-day,  and  I  eat  like  a  It  was  not  altogether  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  that  conversation  that  I  gave  those  cer certificates;  tificates; certificates;  he  called  at  my  house  )  I  examined  him,  he  was  sober,  and  ,I  was  satisfied  there  was  no  organic  disease.  By  Mr.  Smith:  Prom  the  statements  I  have  heard,  it  might  be  that  the  deceased  died  from  apoplexy,  caused  by  excessive  drinking  ;  if  a  person  has  had  delirium  tremens,  and  continues  the  exciting  cause,  I  am  of  opinion  that  death  may  take  place  at  no  very  remote  period  ;  I  have  seen  a  person  die  of  apoplexy  from  drink  ;  the  appearances  described  by  the  witnesses,  .2re  such  as  in  a  case  of  death  produced  by  drinking,  where  the  person  died  from  apoplexy.  By  Mr.  foene:  I  did  not  know  at  the  time  Walter  Palmer  spoke  to  me,  that  his  life  was  already  insured  by  his  brother  in  another  office  for  £l3  000.  Here  a  letter  was  produced  by  the  witness  from  Wm.  Palmer  himself,  dated  from  Rugeley,  requesting  that  if  Mr.  Waddell  had  received  a  letter  from  the  Solicitors'  and  General  Life  Assurance  Company,  he  would  not  reply  to  it  until  he  had  seen  him  (William  Palmer.)  I  afterwards  saw  Mr.  William  Palmer  about  the_pro the_proposal  posal the_proposal  to  the  Solicitors'  and  General  Life  Assurance  Com Company,  pany, Company,  and  the  Gresham:  He  dictated  several  of  the  answers,  and  interfered  with  them  in  a  manner  that  I  had  never  before  perceived  ;  t  believe  I  was  his  medical  attendant  when  I  gave  the  certificate;  William  Palmer's  dictation  had  no  influence  with  me  ;  Walter  Palmer  was,  in  my  opinion,  quite  sober  when  I  gave  him  the  physic.  At  this  stage  of  the  proceedings  the  court  adjourned  for  an  hour.  On  resuming,  Mrs,  Mary  Ann  Parkes,  wife  of  Mr.  Benjamin  Parkes,  was  examined.  She  said  :  I  reside  at  Wolverhampton  ;my  husband  has  left  England;  I  first  knew  Walter  Palmer  about  twelve  months  before  his  death  ;  I  first  saw  him  at  Mr.  Yohn  Blanthorne's  spirit  vaults  whose  business  I  managed  ;  he  came  in  accidentally  with  Mr.  Walkerdine  ;  they  generally  came  in  together.  liy  . STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Deane:  I  now  keep  the  Fountain-inn  at  Wolver Wolverhampton;  hampton; Wolverhampton;  I  recollect  the  deceased  Walter  Palmer  calling  at  my  house  in  Wolverhampton  on  the  14th  of  August  last,  and  Mr.  Waikerdine  came  with  him;  he  arrived  between  eleven  and  twelve  o'clock,  and,  at  the  request  of  Mr.  Walkerdine,  a  mutton  chop  was  prepared  for  Mr.  Walter  Palmer;  he  eat  a  very  small  portion  of  the  chop;  I  drew  a  glass  of  bitter  beer  for  him,  which  I  do  not  think  he  drank  ;  he  afterwards  had  a  glass  of  gin  ;  he  seemed  very  sober  and  steady  when  he  was  at  the  house  ;  he  left  about  one  o'clock  ;  Walkerdine  lett  with  him;  they  said  they  were  gaing  to  the  races;  gin  was  had  by  Walkerdine  from  Mr.  Blanthorne's  for  Mr.  Walter  Palmer,  at  the  rate  of  a  quart  a  day.  Mr  Smith  :  What  has  that  to  do  with  it  ?  Walkendine  said  he  had  gin,  and  I  believe  everything  he  said  to  be  true.  (Loud  laughter.)  Men  in  a  good  state  of  health  would  not  order  a  mutton  chop,  and  then  leave  it  if  it  is  good.  I  know  I  don't.  (Laughter.)  The  CorUneri  Yoa'are  quite  sure  he  was  sober  and  steady,  and  well  in  health  to  all  appearance  ?  Witness  :  He  appeared  well,  and  was  very  quiet  ;  I  have  seen  him  much  more  elevated  than  be  was  then.  (Laughter.)  Mr.  Smith  :  Yes,  you  have  seen  him  on  horseback  some  times,  I  suppose  ?  (Renewed  laughter.)  Mrs.  Lucy  Astle  examined  :  She  said,  I  am  the  wife  of  Joseph  Astle,  and  reside  at  Ginner  :  my  husband  is  manager  for  the  Enl  of  Stamford.  I  am  the  mother  of  the  last  witness,  and  was  staying  at  her  hou.e  on  the  14th  of  Auznst  ;  I  saw  Walkerdine  and  the  deceased  on  that  day  at  the  Fountain-inn  ;  they  arrived  a  little  after  eleven  o'clock,  and  left  about  one,  and  returned  again  between  three  and  four;  the  deceased  ca  ll  e  d  for  brandy  an  d  so  d  a  -  water  ;  I  helpedhim  to  it,  and  Mr.  Walkerdine  gave  it  to  him  ;  I  cannot  say  whether  the  deceased  had  a  second  glass  of  gin  and  water  ;  when  Walter  came  in  the  second  time,  he  seemed  very  ill,  unea.y,  and  a  sickness  came  over  him,  and  soon  after  Walker Walkerawe  awe Walkerawe  took  him  to  the  railway  station  ;  I  asked  the  deceased  what  was  the  matter  with  him,  and  he  said  he  was  very  ill,  and  very  unhappy,  but  did  not  say  what  made  him  so.  George  Wyman,  of  Wolverhampton,  chemist's  assistant.  was  next  examined.  He  said  :  lam  in  the  employment  of  Messrs.  Maunder,  Weaver,  and  Co.,  of  Wolverhampton  ;  William  Palmer,  on  a  Tuesday  in  August,  the  first  or  second  Tuesday  in  that  month,  purchased  at  our  shop  one  ounce  of  prussic  acid,  and  a  third  article,  which  I  cannot  remember;  Mr.  William  Palmer  I  knew  as  a  name  on  our  books  ;  he  had  no  account  with  us  ;  1  can't  say  if  be  has  had  similar  articles.  unhappy  By  Mr.  Dears:  I  have  met  Mr.  Palmer  in  London.  By  the  Coroner:  When  I  saw  him  in  London,  I  knew  that  he  was  Mr.  Palmer,  of  Rugeley.  The  Coroner:  If  any  one  came  and  told  you  he  was  a  sureou,  would  you  let  him  have  such  articles  ?  Witness  :  We  frequently  have  surgeons  come  to  our  shop.  By  Mr.  Smith  :  I  have  no  note  or  minute  of  the  transac transaction  tion transaction  ;  I  speak  front  my  memory;  the  small  amounts  are  five  shillings  and  under,  and  are  entered  in  the  petty  cashbook  ;  the  large  entries  are  made  in  the  daybook;  this  transaction  was  on  the  same  day  ;  I  cannot  recollect  the  day  ;  I  have  not  looked  in  `he  book,  which  would  refresh  my  memory.  By  Mr.  Deane:  I  was  not  requested  to  bring  my  book  with  me.  By  the  Coroner  :  If  my  books  were  produced  now  I  could  tell  the  date  of  the  sale;  the  price  would  be  ten-pence  for  the  prussic  acid,  and  four-pence  for  the  powders;  the  third  article  I  cannot  recollect.  By  Mr.  Deane  :  I  first  met  Mr.  Palmer  at  the  tavern,  Fleet-street,  London,  in  1852.  By  the  Coroner  :  I  don't  recollect  selling  any  ether  in  the  month  of  August  ;  in  July,  or  it  might  be  the  end  of  June  or  the  beginning  of  July,  I  sold  six  ounces,  two  to  one  person,  three,  and  one;  I  sold  the  six  ounces  in  one  week  '  •  I  sold  none  from  June  to  A  ugust;  I  k  now  to  whom  I  sold  those  ;  the  three  ounces  were  sold  to  a  surgeon  in  the  town,  another  to  a  person  from  D  trleston,  to  whom  I  sold  two  ounces  ;  I  know  him  to  be  a  surgeon.  By  Mr.  Smith  :  I  never  commenced  to  think  about  it  until  yesterday  ;  I  mentioned  two  months  ago  to  Mr.  Devereux  that  Mr.  William  Palmer  had  purchased  prussic  acid  in  August  ;  Mr.  Devereux  keeps  the  Puck  Horse  in  Wolverhampton,  and  is  a  sporting  man  ;  I  don't  do  a  little  sporting  myself;  I  did  not  mention  to  my  masters,  Maunder  and  Weavers,  that  I  had  sold  this  prussic  acid.  By  Mr.  Deane  :  It  was  never  mentioned  to  any  one  else  but  Mr.  Devereux.  By  a  Juror  :  Our  employer  never  speaks  to  me  of  any anything  thing anything  of  that  sort.  By  Mr.  Smith  :  I  have  mentioned  it  to  Mr.  Weaver  :  he  asked  me  if  I  had  sold  any  strychnine  over  the  counter,  and  I  said  I  had  Rot  ;  I  had  only  sold  some  prussic  acid  to  Mr.  Palmer.  By  the  Coroner  :  The  prussia  acid  was  put  in  a  blue  ounce  bottle  ;  there  was  a  large  !able  with  the  dose  on  it  ;  the  lable  had  on  it  in  large  letters,  Hydrocyanic  acid  we  keep  it  made  up  for  constant  use.  Mrs.  Walter  Palmer,  the  widow  'of  the  deceased,  was  next  called,  and  was  about  to  be  put  in  the  box.  The  un unfortunate  fortunate unfortunate  lady  was  so  overwhelmed  and  affected  that  the  coroner,  on  the  application  of  Mr.  Smith,  adjourned  to  another  room  and  took  her  deposition  privately.  The  de-  position  was  as  follows  :—I  am  the  widow  of  the  late  Walter  Palmer,  and  reside  at  No.  92,  Chatham  street.  Liverpool.  On  Slturdly,  the  4th  of  Anust,  Mr.  Walter  Palmer  ir,-)mr,  fr.  T  ween  claven  and  twelve  o'elocs,  anu  stayed  with  me  uLtil  ten  o'clock  in  the  evening  of  the  Bth  of  August,  when  he  returned  to  Stafford  by  the  mail  train  ;  during  that  time  he  was  constantly  with  me,  and  was  pretty  well,  better  than  I  have  seen  him  before  ;  he  was  quite  himself;  he  did  not  take  any  ,intoxicating  liquor  whilst  with  me,  but  a  glass  or  two  of  wine  at  dinner  ;  he  did  not  seek  to  take  anything  else  ;  he  got  much  better  whilst  he  stopped,  and  left  me  greatly  improved  in  health  ;  his  cough  was  much  better;  we  had  been  talking  seriously  about  him  taking  the  pledge,  and  he  had  almost  promised  to  do  so  ;  when  he  left  he  was  shortly  to  return  to  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  and  we  had  arranged  to  go  to  a  concert  together  ;  he  had  always  been  in  the  habit  of  writing  to  me  about  twice  a  week,  sometimes  oftener.  On  the  10th  of  August,  after  his  return  to  Stafford,  I  received  the  following  letter  from  him,  which  I  produce.  The  letter  is  as  follows  :  Castle  Terrace.  My  Dearest  Agnes,—l  left  you  last  evening,  and  did  feel  I  possessed  a  light  heart;  but  on  my  arrival  at  Warrington  I  found  the  Scotch  express  was  three-quarers  of  an  hour  late,  owing  to  the  flood.  I  was  lonely,  only  myself  in  the  carriage.  The  rain  on  my  arrival  was  incessant.  Thanks  to  God  I  had  not  very  far  to  go.  I  have  been  home  to-day;  am  truly  sorry  to  say  mother  has  been  very  uuwell,  but  is  better.  I  told  Sarah  you  were  going  to  the  concert  on  the  27th,  and  she  wishes  to  go.  Please  write  to  her,  and  she  can  come  with  me.  If  I  should  bring  little  Miss  Bonba,  you  won't  be  jealous,  dear,*will  you?  But  I  do  not  know  whether  we  shall  meet  or  not.  I  should  like  you  to  know  one  steady  and  sensible  creature  upon  earth,  but  not  a  teetotaller  on  piinciple.  She  Bays  t  never  drink  One  Mass  o  f  *ihe  in  twelve  Months.  I  therefore  have  no  occasion  to  be  aT.T.  R.  I  will  write  you  to-morrow,  and  explain  a  few  little  secrets.  Good  night;  God  bless  you,  and  ever  believe  in  the  affection  of  WALTER  PALMER.  The  post  mark  bore  the  date  August  10th,  1855;  I  answered  that  letter  immediately,  but  I  never  heard  from  him  again;  on  the  17th  of  AugUst,  Mr  William  Palmer  came  to  me  at  Liverpool,  and  informed  me  of  my  husband's  death,  on  the  preceding  day;  I  asked  him  why  he  had  not  written  to  me,  or  telegraphed  for  me  ?  and  he  said  that  Walter  himself  had  said  he  would  write  if  he  wanted  me  ;  I  sclshcd  to  go  to  Stafford  immediately  to  see  my  husband  before  he  was  hurried,  but  Mr.  William  Palmer  said  he  was  been  obliged  to  close  him  up  in  lead,  and  it  was  no  use  my  going,  for  I  could  not  see  him;  he  said  that  he  had  been  sent  for  to  see  him  on  Thursday  morning,  and  that  Mr.  Day  had  been  in  attendance  on  him  all  the  week;  he  said  that  he  had  been  delirious  for  days,  and  bad  broken  a  blood  vessel  two  hours  before  his  death,  and  had  had  a  fit  of  apoplexy.  In  consequence  of  Mr.  William  Palmer's  statement,  I  abandoned  the  idea  of  going  to  Stafford  ;  on  the  28th  of  September  I  received  friina  Mr.  William  Palmer  the  letter  which  I  produce  ;  it  is  as  follows,  and  dated  Rugeley,  September  27th,  1355:  Dear  Agnes,—l  hope  the  change  cf  air  and  scenery  has  done  you  good  by  this  time,  arid  that  you  are  more  quiet  and  more  reconciled  than  when  I  communicated  to  you  the  painful,  the  sorrowful  news  of  the  death  of  poor  dear  Walter.  Ah  !  poor  fellow,  I  often  think  of  him,  and  only  wish  I  could  have  done  more  for  him  than  I  did  when  he  was  alive,  and  I  assure  you  that  I  did  a  very,  very  great  deal  for  him,  perhaps  a  great  deal  more  than  we  are  aware  of.  I  know  not  whether  Walter  told  you  that  I  had  advanced  him,  on  the  drawing-room  furniture,  £B5.  Of  course,  I  was  aware  that  some  of  it  belonged  to  you,  but  the  poor  fellow  told  me  you  would  repay  me,  which  I  feel  sure  you  will  do  after  I  have  told  you,  and  I  shall  have  much  pleasure  in  sending  it  to  your  order.  There  was  also  another  item  you  must,  if  you  please,  assist  me  to,  viz.,  £4O.  for  a  hill  which  you  knew  well  of  the  circumstances,  and  I  must  be  excused  going  into  particulars.  This  account  I  should  not  ask  you  for,  but  Walter  said  it  I  would  only  take  up  the  bill,  you  would  pay  me,  and  I  feel  sure  you  will  after  all  the  money  I  have  before  paid•  I  have  received  bills  amounting  to  £230,  which,  I  suppose,  must  be  paid  by  some  one.  What  say  you  to  this  ?  You  canq  for  a  moment  think  but  that  I  ought  to  have  assistance  from  some  one,  and  I  crane  yours  because  I  feel  certain  poor  Walter  mutt  have  told  you  bow  very,  neru,  often,  on  very  many  occasions,  I  have  stood  his  friend,  and  I  believe  I  and  his  dear  mother  (except  yourself)  were  the  only  friends  he  had  on  earth.  I  only  wish  his  career  through  life  had  been  a  different  one.  He  might  have  been  alive,  but  poor  tallow,  he  is  dead  and  buried,  and  I  hope  and  trust  he's  gone  to  heaven.—With  kind  regards,  yours  very  truly,  I  replied  to  this  letter  as  follows  :  WM.  PALMER  Dear  William—l  have  just  received  your  note,  and  must  say  lam  much  surprised  a  t  i  ts  contents.  What  right  have  you  to  lend  money  supposing  that  I  would  repay  it,  with without  out without  consulting  me  on  the  subject?  Poor  Walter's  expla explanation  nation explanation  to  me,  over  and  over  again,  was,  that  you  had  insured  his  life  for,  I  think  be  said,  £l,OOO,  and  that  you  had  promised  to  advance  him  £5OO  of  that  money,  but  that  you  had  put  him  off  from  time  to  time,  and  were  just  giving  him  a  few  pounds  now  and  then,  to  go  on  with,  until  you  find  means  to  pay  him  the  whole.  Now,  if  that  is  true,  and  I  am  much  disposed  to  believe  it,  you  are  the  proper  person  to  pay  all  that  he  owes,  but  if  you  make  that  out  to  be  in incorrect,  correct, incorrect,  and  I  have  no  way,  I  am  sorry  to  say,  of  proving  it,  I  still  should  not  consider  that  I  am  the  person  to  be  looked  to  to  pay  his  debts,  never  having  received  one  farthing  from  him,  or  been  kept  by  him  during  the  whole  course  of  our  married  life  ;  I  should  not  think  your  mother  can  be  aware  that  you  are  applying  to  me  for  payment  of  her  son's  debts,  and  I  will  not  for  a  moment  have  it  suponsed  that  I  am  the  responsible  person  ;  in  conclusion,  I  beg  of  you  t  o  remember  and  beware  h  ow  y  ou  belie  he  (lead.—.  Yours,  truly,  A.  H.  PALMER.  Edith  Lodge,  Great  Malvern,  Sept.  28,  1855.  Up  to  the  time  of  my  husband's  death  I  always  believed  that  his  life  was  insured  for  41,000  only  ;  he  had  repeatedly  told  me  so  ;  I  often  told  him  that  if  he  would  take  th  e  pledge,  and  keep  it  for  six  months,  I  would  return  to  him  and  live  with  him;  I  first  separated  from  him  about  seven  years  ago,  and  since  that  period  I  have  lived  with  him  about  three  or  four  months  at  Stoke-upon  -Trent  ;  I  left  him  upon  that  occasion  in  consequence  of  his  intemperate  habits  ;  I  was  once  two  years  and  did  not  see  my  husband  at  all,  when  he  was  in  the  Isle  of  Man  ;  I  saw  him  on  the  20th  of  July,  1855,  at  Liverpool  ;  he  stayed  till  the  23rd  ;  previous  to  that  he  came  to  Liverpool  at  the  beginning  of  M  ay,  1855,  and  stayed  a  day  or  two.  Thomas  Mvatt,  boots  at  the  Junction  Hotel  at  Stafford,  deposed  to  William  Palmer,  two  days  before  Walter  Pal Palmer's  mer's Palmer's  death,  giving  him  two  small  bottles  full  of  something,  to  take  care  of;  he  told  him  to  lock  them  up,  and  not  to  let  the  air  get  to  them  ;  afterwards  he  fetched  them  away.  Mr,  Lloyd,  landlord  of  the  Junction,  confirmed  this  evi evidence,  dence, evidence,  and  added  that  on  the  morning  of  Walter  Palmer's  death,  William  Palmer  was  mixing  something  up  in  the  stable  yard  in  a  small  bottle  :  he  told  witness  that  - STYLE=superscript  Walter  was  very  ill,  and  that  he  was  going  to  give  him  a  stimulant.  Thomas  Wyatt,  boots  at  the  Junction  Hotel,  at  Stafford,  said  that  two  days  before  Walter  Palmer's  death,  William  Palmer  came  into  the  yard  of  the  inn,  and  gave  witness  two  small  bottles,  screwed  up  in  white  paper,  and  told  him  to  put  them  by  safe,  so  that  they  would  not  be  ex exposed  posed exposed  to  the  air;  witness  locked  them  up  in  a  drawer  in  the  boot-house  ;  in  about  an  hour,  William  Palmer  came  to  him  and  asked  for  them  back  again,  on  which  witness  went  to  the  boot  house,..and  fetched  them  for  him,  and  Palmer  took  them  away.  In  a  short  time  afterwards  Palmmer  again  brought  them  back,  and  asked  witness  to  keep  them  until  he  called  for  them.  On  Wednesday,  the  15th  day  of  August,  the  day  previous  to  Walter  Palmer's  death,  William  Palmer  again  came  into  the  yard,  and  asked  witness  for  the  bottles.  He  went  to  the  boat boathouse,  house, boathouse,  and  took  them  out  of  the  box,  and  delivered  them  to  Palmer,  who  was  then  in  the  stables.  Witnes  then  saw  him  take  a  very  small  bottle  from  his  pocket,  and  he  began  to  make  a  mixture  from  one  bottle  into  the  other.  At  this  time  Mr.  Lloyd,  the  landlord  came  into  the  stable,  and  began  to  converse  with  Palmer,  when  witness  went  away.  After  this  conversation  Palmer  gave  witness  the  bottles  again,  and  on  Wednesday  night  Pallier  finally  took  them  away,  putting  them  into  his  gig  which  was  then  waiting  at  Mr.  Lloyd's  front  door.  On  tee  following  day,  Thursday,  the  16%  of  August,  witness  met  William  Palmer  coming  from  Walter  Palmer's  house,  when  Palmer  said  to  witness,  poor  Walter  is  when  witness  said  it  was  a  bad  job.  Palmer  then  said,  a  take  this  message  to  the  telegraph  The  message  was  to  Mr.  Beckett,  of  Watling-street,  telling  him  to  back  a  certain  horse,  which  was  marked  in  cypher,  for  £5O  ;  he  also  gave  him  another  message  to  Mr.  Frail,  of  Shrewsbury,  who  was  then  at  Ludlow,  to  telegraph  to  him  to  Stafford  ;  the  message  was,  me  word  to  Stafford  station  what  won  the  Ludlow  stakes  that  was  the  day  on  which  Walter  Palmer  died.  Mr.  Lloyd,  landlord  of  11e  - STYLE=superscript  .T  unc`ion-hotel,  said,  that  on  Wednesday,  the  15th  August,  the  day  before  Walter  Palraet's  death,  that  on  passing  up  the  stable-yard,  he  saw  William  Palmer  standing  inside  one  of  the  stables  ;  he  was  then  pouring  from  about  a  two  dram  bottle  a  white  liquid,  into  a  larger  bottle,  about  an  ounce  and  a-half  or  a  two  ounce  bottle  ;  witness  said  to  him,  Good  morning,  Mr.  Palmer,  how  is  Walter  this  morning  he  replied,  he  is  very  ill,  indeed,  very  weak,  and  very  low,  and  I.am  just  going  up  to  see  him,  and  take  him  something  a  little  more  stimulating  he  added  that  Mr.  Day  was  attending  him,  and,  as  he  did  not  know  his  habits  as  well  as  him  (Palmer),  he  was  taking  his  drink  from  him  too  suddenly,  and  giving  him  too  muck  medicine;  witness  then  left;  the  next  day  he  heard  of  Walter  Polmer's  death.  After  the  examination  of  some  gentlemen  from  the  insuranca  companies,  the  evidence  closed  about  half-past  seven  o'clock,  when  the  court  adjourned  for  half-an-hour,  preparatory  to  the  coroner's  summing  up.  On  re  -assembling,  the  foreman  of,  the  jury  said  they  had  been  deliberating.,  and  they  should  not  be  satisfied  until  Mr.  Pratt  of  London,  was  examined  about  the  insurance  transactions  ;  also  George  B  Ltes,  and  they  wiAhed  to  have  further  evidence  from  Dr.  Taylor  and  Mr.  Day.  The  case  was  then  further  adjourned  till  Wednesday  next.  SALE  OF  PALMER'S  RACING  STUD'  The  brood  mares,  horses  in  training,  and  yearlings,  be belonging  longing belonging  to  the  notorious:  Willia  m  P  a  l  mer  were  put  up  of  Monday  by  auction  by  the  Messrs.Tattersall,  at  and  attracted  so  large  an  attendance  of  com company  pany company  that  the  sale-yard  was  completely  crowded.  In  certain  instances  competition  was  sustained  with  much  spirit,  and  it  will  be  seen  that  high  prices  were  realised.  In  the  aggregate  the  sale  amounted  to  3,906/.  Major  Grove,  her  Majesty's  commissioner  from  the  Royal  Padocks,  bought  Trickstress  for  230  guineas  ;  but,  strange  to  say,  although  he  appeared  to  bid  anxiously  for  Nettle—a  decidedly  superior  animal—he  at  last  let  her  go,  Mr.  F.  L.  Popham  purchasing  her  for  430  guineas.  Nettle,  it  will  be  remembered,  was  first  favourite  for  the  Oaks  last  year,  but  she  fell  over  the  chains  soon  after  starting,  and  her  jockey  had  his  thigh  fractured.  The  Chicken  was  knocked  down  for  600  guineas.  The  first  bid  was  300,  and  Mr.  H.  Hill  spiritedly  advanced  the  price  until  he  reached  780  guineas,  when  he  stopped.  The  horse  was  ultimately  sold  to  Mr.  Harlock,  who,  it  was  under understood,  stood, understood,  bought  him  for  a  noble  For  the  three threeyear  year threeyear  old  filly  by  Melbourne  ont  of  Seaweed,  Mr.  Sargent  b  gave  590  g  u  i  neas.  Staffordsh  i  re  N  an  was  purchased  for  300  colt  guineas.  With  regar  d  to  the  two-y  ear  -  old  brown  t  y  Sir  Hercules,  the  auctioneer  annou  nce  d  that  a  P  a  aper,  signed  by  P  a  l  mer,  h  a  d  b  e  en  hand  e  d  to  him,  con conning  ning conning  a  promise  on  Palmer's  behalf  to  pay  the  breeder  of  the  colt  100  guineas  on  the  first  occasion  of  the  animal's  winning.  This  promise,  however,  the  auctioneer  stated,  would  in  no  way  affect  the  sale,  as  the  purchaser  could  pay  the  money,  or  not,  as  he  pleased.  WEDNESDAY,  JANUARY  la,  1856.  dotJNTY  COVET.-YEST.tRDAY  (BEFORE  JOSEPH  POLLOCK,  ESQ  )  LAWRENCE  V.  TRUEMAN.—The  plaintiff  is  a  woman  who  earns  her  livelihood  by  contracting  for  the  washing  and  cleaning  of  Ships'  cabins,  and  she  brought  the  present  action  to  recover  from  the  defendant,  master  of  the  American  ship  Canoe,  the  sum  of  30s  ,  under•these  circumstances:  She  alleged  that  on  previous  occasions  she  had  frequently  been  employed  by  the  defendant  s  and  that  On  his  arrival  at  Liverpool,  on  his  present  voyage,  she  contracted  with  him  to  clean  the  seen•  d  cabin  for  the  actin  she  no*  sought  to  recover.  She  Went  to  the  vessel  on  the  morning  of  the  31st  of  Decetn Decetnber  ber Decetnber  last,  with  five  other  women  whom  she  had  'engaged  to  assist  her,  but  after  waiting  from  seven  o'clock  until  twelve  o'clock,  to  see  the  defendant,  when  he  came  he  would  not  permit  her  to  execute  the  work.  Under  these  circumstances  she  resolved  to  bring  this  action,  and  Mr.  Gray,  who  appeared  on  her  behalf,  obtained  an  against  Captain  Truernan,  and  on  that  he  attended.  The  defendant  positively  denied  that  he  had  ever  engaged  her,  though  she  con constantly  stantly constantly  asked  him  to  do  so  f  arid  complained  of  the  exactions,  of  which  the  present  claim,  he  said,  was  a  specimen,  to  which  American  shipmasters  were  subject  in  Liverpool.  It  appearing  that  the  defendant's  vessel  will  not  sail  for  the  next  ten  days  or  more,  and  the  plaintiff  in  consequence  failing  to  prove  the  necessity  of  an  immediate  His  Honour  pointed  out  that  he  had  no  jurisdiction  in  the  case,  but  observed  that,  after  hearing  the  statements  on  both  sides,  if  it  had  come  before  him  in  proper  course,  he  should  have  given  a  verdict  for  the  defendant  on  the  merits,  A  nonsuit  was  accordingly  entered.  THE  MANX  FAIRY  V.  WILLIAM  FA this  case,  which  arose  out  of  a  collision  opposite  the  landing landingstage,  stage, landingstage,  and  which  was  heard  before  the  Court  a  fortnight  since,  his  Honour  gave  judgment  on  Monday.  He  said,  that  the  'William  Fawcett  should  have  ported  her  helm  earlier  than  she  appeared  to  have  done,  because,  though  She  did  port  it  before  the  collison,  yet,  being  a  slow  boat,  she  was  unable  to  answer  it  in  time  to  avoid  the  accident.  At  the  Same  time,  he  considered  that  the  Manx  Fairy  was  to  blame  in  making  t  6  sweep  art  full  speed,  for  in  doing  so  she  had  not  only  violated  the  Admiralty  instructions,  but  had  done  what  was  in  itself  manifestly  wrong,  when  the  crowded  navigation  of  the  Mersey  was  fur  a  moment  considered.  Under  those  cir circumstances  cumstances circumstances  the  verdict  should  be  for  the  defendant,  hint'  without  costs  Mr  H.  Bell  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mt.  Almond  for  the  defendant.  POLICE  COURT.-YESTERDAY,  -...-.-......._.  (BEFORE  MR.  HUGH  HORNBT.)  MORE  COlNllRS.—inspector  Murphy  brought  up  two  persons,  named  Thomas  Pilkington,  and  Esther  Mason,  on  a  charge  of  being  fabricators  of  base  coin.  The  Inspector,  along  with  officers  Cozens  and  Carlyle,  went  to  the  residence  of  the  prisoners,  at  3  Court,  Peter Peterstreet,  street, Peterstreet,  where  they  discovered  five  or  six  base  half-crowils,  tiles,  cement,  metal,  &amp;c.,  all  used  in  the  manufacture  of  base  coin.  The  only  excuse  offered  by  the  prisoners  was,  that  they  found  the  things  in  Scotland-road.  The  prisoners  were  fully  committed  for  trial  at  the  sessions.  EXTENSIVE  PLUNDER.—John  King,  the  keeper  of  an  eating-house  in  Hanover.street,  opposite  the  Sailors'  Home,  Mary  M'Ardle,  and  Ellen  Hughes,  alias  Kavanggh,  were  charged  under  the  following  circumstances  :  From  the  evidence  of  detectives  Povey,  Sullivan,  Horn,  and  constable  4,  it  appeared  that  they  went  to  King's  house,  where  they  found  about  a  ton  weight  of  lead,  and  upwards  of  a  horse  load  of  copper  acid  copper  bolts,  nails,  &amp;e  .,  the  greater  portion  of  whi  c  h  were  new  .  It  was  found  that  several  ship-building  yards  had  been  broken  into,  and  similar  property  to  that  found,  as  described,  stolen  therefrom.  Amongst  the  yards  so  I  broken  into,  was  that  of  Mr.  Wilson;  of  Jordan-street,  and  the  foreman  of  that  house  identified  a  quantity  of  the  copper  found  on  King's  premises,  as  a  portion  of  the  property  which  had  been  stolen  between  Saturday  night  and  Monday  morning.  There  was  a  quantity  of  brass  and  other  materials  stolen  from  ships,  and  these  things  were  identified  by  parties  connected  with  the  vessels.  It  appeared  that  the  female  prisoners  were  what,  in  a  slang  phrase,  are  termed  the  is  the  parties  who  receive  t  he  stolen  goods  from  the  plunderers,  and  sell  it  to  third  persons,  and  it  was  shown  in  the  present  case,  that  they  had  sold  the  property  to  the  wife  and  daughter  of  King.  Mr.  Snowball,  who  appeared  for  King,  said  that  his  client  had  been  only  three  years  in  Liverpool,  having  been  previously  a  pilot  at  Yarmouth,  and  was  a  man  of  excellent  character.  A  man  named  Roxborough,  who  resided  next  door  to  King  in  Hanover-street,  and  who  was  a  plumber  and  metal  dealer,  went  to  reside  some  time  ago  in  Birmintham,  and  when  going  away  he  gave  a  com commiss:on  miss:on commiss:on  to  King's  wife  and  daughter  to  purchase  metal  for  him,  and  it  was  proved  in  this  instance  that  Mrs.  King  and  her  daughter  did  purchase  the  property  from.  the  female  prisoner,  and  entered  the  transaction  in  a  book.  The  male  prisoner  was  absent  at  the  time.  These  were  the  facts  of  the  case  as  given  pro  and  con,  and  his  worship  said,  although  there  was  great  want  of  caution  on  the  part  of  the  prisoner  King,  yet  he  did  not  think  he  was  guilty  of  felony,  and  therefore  he  would  discharge  him.  Mr.  Bluck,  who  defended  the  female  prisoners,  then  asked  what  the  charge  against  his  clients  was  ?  and  Mr.  Wvbergh  replied,  the  charge  was  for  not  accounting  for  their  legal  possession  of  the  property,  Mr.  Block  having  a  dd  ressed  the  bench  for  the  prisoners:  they  were  sent  to  jail  for  one  month  each.  WRAT'S  IN  A  NAME  ?—A  young  woman,  named  Mary  Anne  Parker,  was  charged  with  having  fradulently  obtained  £5  from  Mr.  Thorn,  publican  '  Denison-street.  It  appeared  that  a  seaman,  named  Dearborn,  who  is  on  board  a  ship  called  the  Sarawak  in  the  Crimea,  was  attached  to  two  young  women,  or  p3shaps  they  were  attached  to  his  money.  Roth  of  dies  , STYLE=superscript  :  females  went  by  the  name  of  Mary  Anne  Parker,  but  it  di  I  not  appear  that  they  knew  each  other.  When  the  sailor  was  going  away  he  told  both  of  th  em  h  e  wou  ld  remit  money  to  the  care  of  Mr.  Thorn,  and  it  anpears  he  kept  his  word,  for  some  time  ago  an  order  for  £5  came  to  Mr.  Thorn,  which  he  gay-3  to  the  prisoner,  who  duly  acknowledged  the  same.  It  seems,  however,  that  the  money  was  intended  for  the  other  fair  of  the  same  name,  and  on  discovering  this,  Miss  Mary  Anne  Parker,  No.  2,  gave  Miss  Mary  Anne  Parker,  No.  1,  into  custody  on  the  charge.  These  were  the  facts  of  the  case  as  they  trans transpired.  pired. transpired.  but  his  worship  said  he  could  not  deal  with  the  case  in  its  present  form,  and  therefore  discharged  the  prisoner.  (BEFORE  MR.  MANSFIELD.)  VIOLENT  ASSAULT.—A  tall,  thin,  wild-looking  fellow,  named  Samuel  Murphy,  was  c  h  arged  b  y  Henry  O'Hara,  his  father-in-law,  with  having  violently  assaulted  him.  The  complainant's  nose  was  broken,  his  face  cut,  his  mouth,  and  the  entire  part  of  his  countenance,  so  much  injured,  that  it  was  bandaged  and  covered  with  blood.  He  said  he  lived  in  20  Court,  Oriel-street,  and  in  the  same  house  as  the  prisoner.  On  Monday  evening  the  prisoner  was  heating  his  wife,  when  the  complainant  interposed,  and  told  him  it  was  a  shame.  The  prisoner  rushed  at  him,  swearing  he  would  serve  him  worse,  and  then  heat  him  until  he  presented  the  state  in  which  he  now  appeared.  In  the  fight,  the  complainant  lost  255,  hut  he  could  not  tell  whether  or  not  the  prisoner  took  it.  The  prisoner  said  his  wife  was  the  complainant's  daughter,  and  her  father  took  her  out  and  made  her  drunk,  and  then  left  her  lying  on  the  fiagway  in  a  most  beastly  state.  He  (the  prisoner)  came  up,  carried  her  into  the  h.ouse,  and  then  upbraided  bim  with  his  conduct;  the  complainant  was  drunk  and  fell,  and,  after  that,  a  brother  of  the  prisoner  had  a  fight  with  him  ;  but  the  prisoner  denied  having  struck  the  com complainant.  plainant. complainant.  The  case  was  adjourned  to  this  day,  to  pro procure  cure procure  further  evidence.  THE  PRICE  OF  THE  A  VOYAGE  A  very  stout  man,  named  Patrick  Daly,  was  brought  up  by  detective  officer  Kennedy.  who  said  he  found  him  begging  in  London  -road.  The  prisoner  was  a.profes a.professional  sional a.professional  beggar,  but,  in  order  to  avoid  the  law,  he  used  to  carry  matches.  At  last  Kennedy  watched  I  im,  and  caught  him  begging.  On  his  person  were  found  three  letters.  Two  of  the  letters  were  from  the  prisoner's  wife  ;  one  dated  Oct.  and  acknowledging  the  receipt  of  £1  3s,  and  praising  the  Almighty  for  his  goodness  to  him,  and  stating  that  all  the  money  due  to  them,  they  were  getting  in  as  fast  as  they  c  ou  ld.  Th  e  next  letter  was  dated  Ireland,  23rd  and  was  from  the  loving  of  the  said  Patrick  Daly,  and  acknowledging  the  receipt  of  165.,  and  informing  him  that  all  the  money  due  had  been  got  in,  except  the  price  of  the  pig,  but  that  would  soon  be  got  in.  The  third  document  was  from  Thomas  Daly,  and  dated  6th  January,  in  which  the  writer  implored  the  prisoner  to  I  go  home,  and  at  the  same  time  acknowledging  the  sum  of  165.,  and  assuring  him  in  the  most  positive  way  that  it  was  his  own  real  son,  and  nobody  else,  that  implored  him  to  go  home  for  a  while,  as  he  had  done  so  well  here.  Do  come  to  Cork,  for  sure  it's  your  own  son  Thomas  that  implores  you  thus  ended  the  epistle.  In  reply  to  Mr.  Mansfield,  the  prisoner  begged  to  he  sent  to  Dublin,  and  that  he  would  then  make  his  way  to  Cork,  as  he  intended  to  go  out  to  the  States,  and  purchase  a  farm.  The  intended  voyage  was,  however,  delayed  for  a  month,  f  or  w  hi  c  h  period,  with  the  addition  of  hard  labour.  Mr.  Daly  was  consigned  to  the  mill,  the  magis magistrate  trate magistrate  telling  him  by  that  time  the  price  of  the  pig  would  have  been  got  in,  and  a  portion  of  it  might  be  sent  to  him  to  pay  his  passage  to  Dublin.  POCKET-PICKING.—A  youth,  named  Joseph  Kelly,  was  charged  with  picking  the  pocket  of  a  lady,  in  Church Churchstreet.  street. Churchstreet.  The  lady  caught  the  prisoner  in  the  act  of  taking  her  purse,  when  she  handed  him  over  t  o  t  h  e  police.  He  %%as  committed  fora  mrntli.  VIOLENT  ASSAVT,T.—Cdia  ViZ  ird  was  charg  e  d  w  i  th  having  assaulted  Lucy  Noble  in  a  violent  manner,  by  striking  her  on  the  head  with  a  poker,  and  inflicting  a  serious  wound  on  her  head;  and  also  for  ro  bb  ing  her  of  2s.  6d.  The  affair  took  place  in  a  house  of  ill  repute.  The  prisoner  was  committed  for  one  month.  ,  SELECT  VESTRY.-YESTERDAY.  The  usual  fortnightly  meeting  of  the  select  yes  try  was  held  in  the  board  room,  workhouse,  at  ten  o'clock  yesterday,  Rev.  Rector  Campbell  in  the  chair.  The  following  gentlemen  were  present  :—Messrs.  Woodruff,  Chesney,  Bold,  Fairhurst,  Satchell,  Crawford,  Rawle, STYLE=superscript  Gardner,  Luff,  Denton,  Mellor,  Whitty,  John  Jones,  Owen,  Bradley,  RA  il  stow,  Shaw,  Clatke,  &amp;c.  The  minutes  of  the  last  meeting  were  read.  worekrottsn  coMmiTfitE,  ta  rend  .  I  The  minutes  of  this  committee's  proceeding  appeared  that  the  numbers  admitted  during  vagrant  sheds  were  197  males,  110  females,  29  children,  in  all  336.  The  number  of  sick  cases  in  the  hesaizal  on  the  5,1,  ItosiN  li4  to  the  week  to  tt  TRAM  REPOR  -lUESDAY  There  has  been  a  fair  b  us  i  ness  i  n  Cotton  to  day,  y,  hold  ers  o  ff  er  f  reely,  but  and  prices  are  quite  ma  i  n  ..  I  are  the  e  t  t  r  e  a  a  d  d  e  y  p  i  u  n  r  c  htheir  ase  d  d  e  m  m  o  a  d  e  e  d  r  e  a  ,  t  e  l  tained.  The  sales—including  150  Pernambuco,  6k.1  to  7,11  •  20  Bahta.  bid  ;  20  Maranham,  6d  ;  100  Ervptian,  6.d  to  bid;  500  Surat,  31d  to  41d—are  reported  6000  bales,  of  which  1000  are  on  speculation  and  for  export.  PIG  IR.ON  :  There  has  been  no  change  in  the  market  to  igy,  the  closing  quotations  for  warrants  being  77s  Gd,  c  as  h.  `e  shipments  last  week  were  9800  tons,  against  7100  for  3 STYLE=superscript  ing  week  last  year:  COTTON  0.  r.esp  200  barrels  coma;  American  have  been  sold  at  TA  LOW  Quiet.  I  March,  6S  ►SAGO  FLoO  a  new  Colonial  Minister"
