text
"SANITORY  INQUIRY  AT  WATERLOO.  Yesterday  Mr.  Alfred  Lamerte  Dickens,  one  of  the  superintending  inspectors  under  the  general  board  of  health  (brother  to  Mr.  Charles  Dickins),  held  a  public  inquiry  at  the  national  sch?olroorn,Waterloo,  iu  reference  to  the  proposed  introduction  of  the  Health  of  Towns  act  into  the  townships  of  Great  Crosby  and  Litherland.  The  inquiry  was  held  in  consequence  of  a  report  made  to  the  general  board  of  health  by  Air.  Rawlinson,  C.E.,  after  holding  a  public  inquiry  last  year,  and  from  which  report  it  appeared  to  the  general  board  that  in  case  the  act  should  be  applied  to  the  two  townships,  the  present  township  boundaries  were  not  those  which  might  be  most  advantageously  adopted  for  the  purposes  of  the  act,  and  that  it  would  be  proper  to  form  a  new  boundary.  Mr.  Mason,  solicitor,  appeared  on  behalf  of  the  pro promoters  moters promoters  of  the  bill.  There  were  several  ratepayers  present,  some  in  favour  of,  and  others  in  opposition  to  the  intro introduction  duction introduction  of  the  act  into  the  township.  The  evidence  as  regarded  the  township  of  Litherland  was  first  gone  into.  Mr.  W.  H.  Weightman,  surveyor,  submitted  a  plan,  showing  what  he:  considered  ought  to  be  the  new'  boundary.  He  considered  that  the  present  boundary  was  insufficient,  as  it  excluded  a  quantity  of  swampy  land  near  the  railway,  which  ought  to  be  drained.  He  proposed  that  the  new  boundary  (for  the  purposes  of  the  act)  should  include  the  whole  of  the  township  of  Litherland,  and  the  low  lands  near  it.  Mr.  W.  instanced  the  unhealthy  con condition  dition condition  of  Litherland,  in  support  of  his  statement.  Mr.  Ormisher  resisted  Mr.  Weightman's  proposal,  and  stated  that  the  ratepayers  of  Litherland  were  opposed  to  the  introduction  of  the  act  into  the  township.  A  meeting  of  ratepayers  was  recently  held  at  the  Red  Lion-inn,  ninety-four  were  against  the  introduction  of  the  act,  and  only  five  in  its  favour.  He  denied  that  Litherland  was  unhealthy,  and  remarked  that  people  who  resided  there,  lived  to  a  long  age.  Mr.  Weightman  on  the  mortality  of  th  e  p  l  ace,  s  h  owe  d  githened:and  irreg  u  l  ar  di  scussion,  the  inspec inspecew  ew inspecew  the  land  p  roposed  to  be  included  in  the  -  ttnoherAewwfctbeoeonrnuttanrtadoireayynry.  At  one  o'clock  the  inquiry  was  resumed,  when  the  case  of  the  township  of  Crosby  was  proceeded  with.  A  plan  was  submitted  on  the  part  of  Messrs.  Myers  and  Houghton,  which  proposed  to  include  in  the  new  boundary,  a  quantity  of  land  north-east  of  the  railway,  belonging  to  Mr.  Myers.  Mr.  Reyes,  auctioneer,  of  Crosby,  and  several  other  ratepayers  present,  opposed  the  proposal,  as  well  as  the  introduction  of  the  act  into  the  township,  as  both  nu'  necessary  and  injurious  to  the  intersts  of  the  ratepayers.  Mr.  Dickens,  the  inspector,  did  not  see  the  force  of  the  objections  urged.  Mr.  Myers  wished  to  have  his  own  land  placed  under  a  public  body,  for  sanitary  purposes,  and  he  thought  it  would  be  a  monstrous  injustice  if  a  public  good  was  not  to  be  effected,  on  the  ground  that  the  highway  rates  might  possibly  be  increased.  After  receiving  further  evidence,  the  inquiry  terminated,  the  inspector  stating  that  he  should  make  his  report  to  the  general  board,  which  would  be:communicated  to  the  ratepayers.  TOWN  COUNCIL-YvittRDAY.  SPECIAL  MEETING  ON  THE  GAS  QUESTION.  a  special  meeting  of  the  Town  Council  was  held  in  the  Town•hall,  yesterday,  at  eleven  o'clock,  for  the  purpose  of  taking  into  consideration  the  report  of  the  special  com comanittee  anittee comanittee  upon  the  supply  of  gas,  presented  to  the  council  on  the  30th  of  October  last,  the  consideration  of  which  was  :postponed;  the  reply  of  the  directors  of  the  United  Gas Gaslight  light Gaslight  Company  to  such  report  ;  and  the  further  proceed proceedings  ings proceedings  of  the  council  thereon,  including  reports  from  Messrs.  Clegg  and  Taunton.  The  chair  was  taken  by  his  Worship  the  Mayor.  The  council  summons  contained  the  following  reselm  tions,  which  it  was  announced  would  be  moved  fur  .  1 STYLE=superscript  adoption  :-....  Ist  4flas.  That  i  That  be  to  th  r STYLE=superscript  ecommended  to  the  council  to  propose  e  Company  that  the  share  property  of  the  company  be  converted  into  bonds  of  the  company,  bearing  a  fair  and  eq  auaguitabl  b  e  rate  of  interest,  an  d  that  the  undertaking  be  tned  y  a  board  of  tine  directors,  three  of  whom  shall  be  appointed  by  the  'council,  tbrce  by  the  consumers  of  gas,  and  three  by  the  bendholders.  2nd.  That  this  committee  be  re-appointed,  with  instruc instruction  tion instruction  to  make  the  above  prop  osa  l  to  the  company,  and  to  confer  arr  with  ith  them  on  the  t  erms  upon  which  the  same  shall  be  cie  into  effect,  and  to  report  thereon  to  the  council,  aad  vitth  further  instructions  to  recommend  to  the  company,  That  an  immediate  reduction  be  made  in  the  price  6:  That  the  Borough  Engineer  for  the  time  being  shall  &amp;have  access  to  all  Departments  of  the  Company's  works,  with  every  facility  f  or  test  i  ng  the  quality  of  t  h  e  G  as  and  Ascertaining  the  pressu  re  at  which  it  is  supplied.  c.  That  the  Company  consent  to  the  at  Officers  responsibl  e  to  the  Coancil  appointment  ,  to  test  examine  of  and  adjust  the  M  eters,  on  behalf  of  the  Consumers.  d.  That  the  powers  of  the  Auditor  be  extended,  so  as  to  enable  him  to  have  access  to  all  documents  and  accounts  Which  he  may  think  necessary,  to  en  the  financial  positi  on  of  the  Co  enable  mpany,  and  to  him  to  report  ascertain  fully  the  that  all  mort STYLE=superscript  ies*are  paid  o  u  t  of  and  carried  to  the  credit  of  pro STYLE=superscript  p  e STYLE=superscript  r  accounts.  -  Tau  Th  e  minutes  of  the  last  meeting  of  the  gas  committee  nt,ad,  and  comprised  reports  from  Messrs.  Clegg  and  ns  of  which  we  publish  the  following:—  .  ~  .•  y,  near  London,  2nd  ec.,  1855.  Dear  sir,—l  beg  toPutne  s  end  you  the  following  D STYLE=superscript  observations  !upon  those  points  of  the  reply  of  the  Liverpool  United  `-Gas  Light  Company  to  the  Town  Council,  which  have  ,reference  to  the  flow  of  gases,  and  to  the  leakage  from  4treet  mai  ns,  B,  e.  I  stated  both  in  my  report,  and  in  my  evidence,  that  'a  lighter  gas  would,  coeteris  paribus,  issue  through  an  ° STYLE=superscript  Pening  with  greater  velocity  th  an  one  of  greater  specific  gravitY•  This  fact  has  for  very  many  years  been  so  clearly  established,  and  so  universally  accepted,  that  I  am_sur am_surprised  prised am_surprised  to  find  it  contradicted.  I  assum  e  that  the  directors  of  the  gas  company  had  Mr.  I.•ing's  assistance  iu  framing  their  reply,  and  that  that  gentleman  Was  cogn  i  zant  of  all  contained  therein.  I  there  f STYLE=superscript  ore  further  assume  that  Mr.  hat  Kin  is  'r  ignorant  he  of  the  laws  which  g  overn  the  motion  o  g STYLE=superscript  f  fluid  eithe STYLE=superscript  s,  or  t  has  contradicted  me  for  the  sake  of  doing  so.  The  circumstances  in  which  lam  avoi STYLE=superscript  dable  that  I  should  substantiate  my  statement  by  'ex STYLE=superscript  p  la STYLE=superscript  ining  the  m  ec  h  anical  laws  I  have  referred  to.  Sir  Isaac  Newton,  Drs.  Hutton  Gregory,  and  - STYLE=superscript  Roison  age,  in  England  ,  Dubuat,  Bossut,  Birnoulli,  Eytelbwein,,  and  ethers,  on  the  continent,  have  es  t  a  b  lished  these  eitt STYLE=superscript  ramely  simple  p  r  i  nc  i  ples  :  'I.  The  velocity  with  which  same  under  pressure  issues  from  an  orifice,  or  pipe,  is  theas  that  which  a  heavy  'body  would  acquire  in  falling  through  a  space  equal  to  a  tcolumn  of  the  fluid,  required  to  produce  that  pressure.  'thy2.  That  of  different  fluids  under  the  same  ress  e  e  specifically  li  g  h  ter  must  acquire  a  greater  velocity,  and  their  different  velocities  will  be  to  one  another  as  the  roots  of  the  specific  gravities  of  the  fluids.  The  height  of  a  column  of  the  fluid  which  would  pro produce  duce produce  a  pressure  p  is  =ll  The  theoretic  theoretic  velocity  v,  acquired  by  a  body  falli  ng  an STYLE=superscript  y  space,  h,  i  s  expressed  by  v  V  2  g  g  bei  ng  t  h  e  fo STYLE=superscript  rce  of  gravity,  viz.,  32.19,  we  have  v  8.02  °  _.  2  2g  F.•  Friction,  however,  is  an  'element  that  must  be  taken  into  act:oust  in  obtaining  practical  results  ;  and  first,  it  is  proportionate,  to  the  extent  of  the  rubbing  surface  of  ti STYLE=superscript  le  PiPe  through  which  the  fluid  passes;  or  to  the  length  Illeltiplied  by  the  circumference  (1  c).  2.  It  varies  with  lee  '  ve STYLE=superscript  locity  to  so  ave  extent.  3.  It  is  proportionate  to  the  specific  gravity  of  the  fluid.  If  P  represent•s  the  force  required  to  overcome  friction  F=--l  c  S  v  2  .  °  It  is  necr  J  ssary  to  ascertain  by  ex  p  er  i  ment  a  certain  distant  oluantity  M  the  co-efficient  of  and  F  4Th  '  add STYLE=superscript  itional  force  re  qu  i  red  to  produce  motion  may  be  t STYLE=superscript  he  area  of  the  pipe;i  p-  a  is  eq  ua  l  to  F  .  •  iLleß  v  or  At  /  c  v  2.  and  get  by  takin  g  gravity  again  into  the  equation  p  x  p'  2 STYLE=superscript  JII  c  Sv2  which  is  the  general  equation  for  the  j  - STYLE=superscript  i  vt  a  motion  of  a  fluid  in  a  pipe.  The  value  of  the  co-efficient  of  Mims  been  thoroughly  established  by  experiments  on  a  working  scale,  thboth  in  Paris  and  London  ;  and  the  formula  for  calculating  e  act STYLE=superscript  ual  passage  of  fluids  through  pipes  has  b  een  dili diliently  ently diliently  investigated  by  Mr.  Hawksley,.;M  mr.  W.  Pole,  M.  qtrrard,  and  m  y  son.  I  make  my  calculation  in  accordance  NI  ith  the  foregoing  Principles,  and  give  the  following  examples,  taking  the  case  of  pure  hydrogen  gas  and  atmospheric  air.  in_slteequired  the  quantity  of  atmospheric  air  that  would  be  harged  by  a  pipe  one  inch  diameter  and  100  yards  I.l STYLE=superscript  g  , STYLE=superscript  with  a  pressure  of  half  an  in  head  of  water.  1.000.  The  formula  is  1350  d?  Vh--d  Q STYLE=superscript  `  - STYLE=superscript  and  i  give  the  computation:-  1  x  1350=  1350  V  sxl  1350  x STYLE=superscript  =----  17.---  1  xiuo  leo  707  =------  954.45  cub.  ft.  per  hour  =--Q.  disch2  Requie'',  the  quantity  of  p  ure  h  ydrogen  gas  that  would  be  .rged,  under  the  same  circumstances  as  the  last.  S  ...-..-  0691  =707.  1  1350  1350  0691  x  100  --  V STYLE=superscript  0691  ----'  848 STYLE=superscript  '  3350  x  848  ' STYLE=superscript  144.80  cub.  ft.  per  hour  =---  Q.  Se  that  the  lighter  fluid  acquires  a  greater  velocity  than  the  heavier  one,  urged  through  the  same  pipe  with  the  ame  pressure,  the  increase  of  velocity,  .  giving  an  increased  discharge  of  190.35  cubic  feet  per  hour.:,  1  therefore  repeat  that  a  lighter  gas  passing  through  the  same  meter,  and  through  the  same  burners,  urged  V'forward  by  the  same  pressure,  will  travel  with  greater  v STYLE=superscript  elocity,  and  cause  the  m  e  t  er  t  o  revolve  more  quickly  than  heavier  gas.  Another  part  of  the  same  question  :  Consumers,  having  been:accustomed  to  the  light  given  by  a  heavier  gas,  would  naturally  turn  on  their  taps,  so  as  to  get  the  same  quantity  of  light  from  the  lighter  gas.  This  would  increase  the  openings  through  which  the  lighter  gas  would  flow,  and  be  an  additional  cause  for  the  meter  to  revolve  with  greater  rapidity,  which  the  gas  company  say  so  evident,  that  it  hardly  required  to  be  confirmed  by  any  I  say  that  the  burners  are  turned  higher,  to  get  the  same  quantity  of  light  from  the  lighter  as  from  the  heavir.r,.gas,  which  is  a  natural  thing  for  a  consumer  to  do  ;  and  1  do  not  admit  what  the  gas  company  say,  that  a  diminution  iu  price  always  produces  a  less  careful  use  of  the  It  may  in  some  cases,  but  it  is  the  exception,  not  the  rule;  and  I  adhere  to  my  opinion,  that  the  two  circumstances  com combined  bined combined  will  account  for  the  gas  bills  of  the  consumers  being  larger  with  cheaper  than  with  dearer  gas,  their  burners  b STYLE=superscript  eing  the  same  in  number  and  size.  With  regard  to  the  loss  by  leakage  from  the  gas  com company's  pany's company's  mains,  The  gas  company  say,  in  their  reply,  that  no  evidence  'was  given  to  me,  as  a  comm  i  ssioner  of  Woods  and  Forests,  in  the  Liverpool  Gas  Inquiry  in  1847,  which  can  justify  MY  assertion,  that  the  loss  or  gas,  through  leakage  and  otherwise,  is  at  least  20  per  The  following  is  part  of  Mr.  King's  evidence,  before  me  The  total  q  uan  tit  y  supplied  by  the  Gas-light  Com Company  pany Company  to  private  consumers  by  meter  is  171,203,000  net  ;  the  quantity  made  was  245,000  ,000,  the  quantity  lost  was  And  I  the  meters  i  s  may  conceive  th  a  t  t  h  e  i  naccuracies  of  not  taken  into  account.  Mr.  King,  in  his  evidence  before  Mr.  Lowe,  on  the  Bth  ef  February,  1847,  says  the  leakage  is  rather  better  than  eleven  per  cent.  Therefore  it  is  quite  true  that  the  evidence  of  Mr.  King  went  to  show  that  the  leakage  was  not  20  per  cent.,  as  I  state  it  to  be.  During  my  experience  of  fifty  years  (which,  I  think,  w  il  l  b  e  admitted  even  by  Mr:  Ring  has  townnot  been  without  g  oo  d  fruits),  I  have  never  met  with  a  street  mains  s  h  owed  less  than  20  per  cent  loss.  And  whose  the  following  extract  from  the  report  of  Messrs.  Ellison  and  Lowe,  on  Liverpool  Gas  Inquiry,  will  show  that  Mr.  Lowe  is  of  the  same  opinion  ,With  myself  concerning  leakage::—  Vih  regard  to  the  leakage,  we  have  no  hesitation  in  reporting  that  Mr.  Cox's  estu  is  lower  than  what  the  practical  experience  of  the  o  mi  tscondcd  works  shows  to  be  the  actual  loss  from  that  cause;  and  we  would  dwell  the  More  upon  this  point,  because,  whilst  tile  leakage  is  only  ,  yea  are  perfectly  well  estimated  at  10  per  cent.  by  Mr.  Cox  satisfied  that  20  per  cent,  would  be  nearer  the  mark  ;  the  which  allegation  we  are  justified  in  making,  th  e  more  par particularly  ticularly particularly  from  all  the  evidence  upon  the  subject  Ri  vet  ,  to  us  throughout  the  whole  of  the  investigations  we  h  ave  coo.  ducted  in  the  course  of  these  inquiries.  I  must  apologise  for  not  sending  this  reply  earlie  r  ,  b  ut  i STYLE=superscript  ndisposition  has  prevented  me  from  giving  the_  matter  a STYLE=superscript  ttention  befor  e  .--I  rema  i  n,  dear  sir,  yours,  very  truly,  SAMUEL  CLEGG.  Mr.  F  re  d  er  i  c  k  Taunton's  communication  is  too  volu voluruinous  ruinous voluruinous STYLE=superscript  for  p  u  bli  cat  i  on  i  n  extenso  ;  but  the  followingis  an  abstract  :—He  begins  by  expressing  his  astonishment  at  the  way  in  whi  c  h  h  e  was  attacked  by  the  gas  com compand.  pand. compand.  whi  cy,  in  their  r  e  pl  y;  an  d,  explaining  the  circumstances  une  r  which  he  came  to  Li  verpool,  and  the  manner  in  whih  page  nm  .he  tested  th  e  me  t  ers,  h  e  proceeds  to  On  e  of  the  company's  reply,  the  directors  say  they"
