text
"direction  from  which  the  sound  of  the  bell  came.  His  HoNon:  How  do  you  account  for  the  mistake  on  the  part  of  the  pilot  ?  Mr.  LORD:  It  must  have  been  an  error  of  judgment.  His  HONOR:  What  means  had  he  of  ascertaining  accu accurately  rately accurately  his  position  with  regard  to  the  Bell  buoy  besides  the  sound  ?  Mr.  LORD  :  By  ascertaining  whether  the  lights  were  to  the  northward  or  the  southward.  His  HONOR  :  What  lights  are  these  ?  Mr.  LORD  :  The  floating  light  and  the  Formby  light.  You  cannot  strike  the  Bell  buoy  unless  you  have  these  lights  in  a  line.  - STYLE=superscript  His  Horron  :  But  I  want  to  know  what  means  had  he  of  knowing,  when  he  altered  his  position,  whether  he  had  come  abreast  of  the  Bell  buoy,  of  had  passed  it,  or  had  not  reached  it  ?  Mr.  LORD  :  He  could  tell  when  he  was  approaching  the  bar  by  the  depth  of  the  water.  His  HONOR  :  Does  the  water  begin  to  shoal  rapidly  towards  the  Bell  buoy  ?  Mr.  LORD  :  It  does.  His  HONOR  :  Were  there  any  means  by  which  a  person  on  board,  having  a  competent  knowledge  of  the  navigation  of  the  port  could  tell  whether  he  was  abreast  of  the  Bell  buoy  or  had  passed  it  ?  Mr.  LORD  :  The  first  error  in  judgment  was  committed  in  coming  rather  to  the  southward  of  the  Bell  buoy  than  to  the  north.  If  he  had  been  to  the  north  he  would  then  have  opened  the  lights  in  such  a  way  as  would  enable  him  to  tell  whether  he  had  approached  the  Bell  buoy  was  abreast  of  it,  or  had  passed  it.  His  HONOR  :  Were  there  any  indications  which  would  lead  him  to  know,  or  any  reasonable  man  to  understand,  that  he  was  close  to  the  buoy,  or  was  passing  it,  if  he  had  gone  to  the  southward  ?  Mr.  LORD  :  There  are  no  cross-bearings.  All  he  could  do  would  be  to  slow  the  vessel  and  listen  for  the  sound  of  the  bell.  Mr.  jouN  JONES  was  next  examined,  and  deposed  that  he  had  commanded  a  merchant  ship  and  merchant  sea-going  steamer,  and  was  a  master  of  a  man-of-war.  Had  been  for  fourteen  years  assistant  marine  surveyor  to  the  Liverpool  dock  estate.  Went  out  on  the  day  after  the  occurrence  to  put  down  the  duplicate  bell  beacon.  When  he  arrived  out  he  could  not  find  the  old  beacon.  It  was  found  upon  Sunday,  the  17th  of  April,  about  80  fathoms  to  the  east  south  east  from  her  station.  The  bell  was  broken  off,  and  the  hull  was  torn  from  the  keel  up  to  the  gunwall.  The  only  way  he  could  imagine  the  injury  was  done  was  by  the  anchor  hooking  to  it.  Mr.  Jones  corroborated  the  opinions  of  the  former  witness  with  regard  to  the  Baltic  having  come  up  at  too  great  a  rate  of  speed.  Going  at  full  speed  up  to  the  buoy  was  necessarily  attended  with  great  dama,,  , STYLE=superscript  re  of  running  ships  down,  running  the  bell  beacon  down,  and  running  herself  into  the  bank.  A  great  number  of  vessels  were  always  in  the  Victoria  channel,  particularly  at  that  time  of  tide.  The  fact  of  vessels  being  generally  in  that  channel,  must  have  been  known  to  persons  coming  to  this  port.  Thinks  five  knots  an  hour  as  great  a  rate  of  speed  as  would  be  safe  in  coming  up  that  channel  ;  and  it  was  highly  necessary  to  go  slow,  and  make  sure  of  the  beacon.  If  he  were  coming  up  there  with  a  vessel,  he  would  prefer  going  to  the  northward.  The  engines  should  be  slowed,  and  a  look-out  kept  for  the  bell  beacon,  bearings  taken  to  the  northward  of  the  lightship,  and  sounding  taken  with  the  lead.  Mr.  BLAIR  Whose  duty  is  it  to  keep  the  lead  going  ?  Mr.  JONES  :  It  is  both  the  duty  of  the  captain  and  of  the  pilot.  If  the  pilot  neglects  doing  it,  it  is  the  duty  of  the  captain  to  see  that  it  is  done,  and  they  do  so.  If  the  vessel  had  been  kept  at  a  proper  rate  of  speed,  with  a  proper  look lookout,  out, lookout,  is  of  opinion  that  the  accident  would  not  have  happened.  Any  person  in  the  habit  of  coming  up  the  river,  should  know  that  such  a  rate  of  speed  as  was  kept  up  by  the  Baltic  on  that  occasion,  was  dangerous.  This  witness  was  not  cross-examined.  A  boatman,  named  Joseph  Rooriquez,  proved  the  finding  of  the  Baltic's  chain  and  anchor,  about  150  yards  from  the  station  of  the  Bell  buoy,  about  a  week  after,  the  14th  of  April.  Mr.  Charles  Cox  deposed  that  he  was  a  master  in  the  navy,  and  water-bailiff  to  the  port  of  Liverpool.  lied  been  some  time  assisting  Mr.  Lord,  as  marine  surveyor.  Is  of  opinion  that  the  speed  at  which  he  has  heard  the  Baltic  was  coming  up  the  channel  was  dangerous.  If  she  had  come  at  a  proper  speed,  and  that  the  proper  look-out  had  been  kept,  thinks  the  accident  would  not  have  occurred.  Knows  Capt.  Com Comstock,  stock, Comstock,  of  the  Baltic,  by  repute.  Should  think  he  is  acquainted  with  the  navigation  of  the  river.  His  HONOR:  I  think  that  may  be  assured.  Mr.  Aspinall  is  not  likely  to  set  up  as  a  defence,  that  the  captain  of  the  Baltic  is  not  acquainted  with  his  duties.  Mr.  Cox  stated  that  he  had  heard  the  evidence  of  Mr.  Lord  and  Mr.  Jones,  and  he  agreed  with  them  generally  in  the  opinions  they  had  expressed  regarding  the  cause  of  the  accident.  Mr.  GEORGE  EVANS  deposed  that  he  was  a  captain  in  the  navy,  and  is  acting  conservator  of  the  river  Mersey.  Has  a  thorough  and  exact  knowledge  of  the  port  of  Liverpool,  and  the  channels  leading  to  it.  Sailed  the  first  steam-ship  in  the  royfvl  navy.  Took  the  first  steam  vessel  out  to  the  West  Indies  in  1833.  Has  heard  the  statement  of  the  pilot  read  with  regard  to  the  speed  at  which  the  Baltic  was  coming  up  the  river  upon  the  occasion  of  the  accident.  Considers  that  rate  of  speed  to  have  been  hi  g  hly  imprudent,  and  the  im imprudence  prudence imprudence  was  made  much  more  so  by  the  fact  of  its  bein  g  in  the  night.  In  approaching  the  Bell  buoy  there  could  be  no  doubt  that  the  speed  should  be  reduced—no  man  in  his  senses  would  have  attempted  to  run  for  the  bar,  at  the  full  speed,  without  getting  hold  of  the  buoy  first.  That  was  evident  to  any  man,  even  of  the  meanest  capacity,  in  a  ship.  The  speed  should  not  have  been  increased  until  they  got  free  of  the  bar;  and  at  night,  he  should  not  have  gone  at  more  than  six  miles  an  hour  in  that  place,  where  she  was  likely  to  meet  the  whole  trade  of  Liverpool  coming  out  of  the  docks.  Any  one  acquainted  with  the  navigation  of  the  port  would,  no  doubt,  have  been  aware  that  the  speed  which  was  described  was  dangerous.  He  could  hardly  conceive  a  man  coming  on  at  twelve  miles  an  hour  at  such  a  time.  .The  steamers  generally  a  d  ver  ti  se  t  o  sail  within  two  hours  of  high  water,  which  would  bring  them  to  the  bar  just  at  the  time  that  the  Baltic  was  there.  His  HONOR  asked,  whether  having  taken  the  cou  rse  which  she  did,  th  er  e  could  be  any  indication  obtained  by  the  Baltic  of  her  being  close  upon  the  Bell  buoy,  except  from  the  Bell  buoy  itself  ?  Mr.  EvAsts  :  No,  there  is  not  ;  and,  therefore,  there  is  the  more  necessity  why  she  should  have  come  slowly  up  to  it.  That  is  one  of  the  principal  reasons  why  she  should  have  gone  slowly  up  to  it.  Mr.  THOMAS  HODSON  deposed  that  he  had  been  for  some  years  harbour-master  of  Liverpool,  and  had  previously  commanded  a  sailing  vessel.  Has  an  intimate  knowledge  of  the  navigation  of  the  port  of  Liverpool.  In  Lhis  opinion,  the  general  rate  of  a  vessel's  speed  should  be  regu regulated  lated regulated  according  to  the  extent  of  vision  from  her  deck.  Agrees  with  the  previous  witnesses  in  the  evidence  they  gave,  and  the  opinions  expressed  by  them.  Mr.  WILLIAM  WILLIAMS  stated  that  he  is  captain  of  the  Windsor  steamer,  belonging  to  the  City  of  Dublin  Steam  Packet  Company,  and  has  traded  here  for  twenty-two  years.  Has  heard  the  evidence  given,  and  agrees  with  the  opinions  which  have  been  expressed  generally.  Decidedly  would  not  pass  the  Bell  buoy  himself  without  stopping  the  engines  to  look  for  it.  Does  not  think  a  vessel  is  ever  safe  in  running  on  without  knowing  where  that  buoy  is.  Would  slow  the  engines,  of  course,  when  approaching  that  buoy,  and  keep  the  lead  going.  It  is  not  very  prudent  in  such  a  time  as  has  been  described,  to  come  up  at  such  a  rate  of  speed,  as  the  Baltic  did.  Should  think  that  any  vessel  accustomed  to  the  port  would  know  that  it  was  dangerous.  His  vessel  takes  no  pilots.  To  the  Court  :  When  coming  up  at  night  always  slows  his  engines,  and  listens  for  the  bell.  Never  runs  into  the  channel,  under  any  circumstances,  without  making  the  buoy.  Would  have  slowed  a  mile,  or  a  half  mile  from  the  buoy.  This  closed  the  plaintiffs'  case.  Mr.  ASPINALL  then  addressed  the  court  on  behalf  of  the  defendants.  He  submitted  that  it  was  not  a  case  upon  which  the  court  could  act.  It  was  not  a  case  which  could  be  sent  to  a  jury,  and  taking  his  Honor  as  a  jury,  and  suppos supposingit  ingit supposingit  to  go  to  him  in  that  capacity,  there  was  nothing  in  it  upon  which  he  could  properly  act.  It  was  a  question  which  had  often  arisen  in  that  court.  It  might  be  stated  broadly  that  having  a  pilot  on  board,  unless  a  fault  was  distinctly  proved  to  have  been  committed  by  the  captain  or  some  of  the  crew,  who  were  the  servants  of  the  owners,  the  owners  were  exempt  from  liability.  He  now  contended  that  there  was  nothing  whatever  in  the  case  to  show  that  there  was  any  fault  or  any  neglect  of  duty  upon  the  part  of  the  captain  or  the  crew  of  the  Baltic,  which  could  have  the  effect  of  ren rendering  dering rendering  the  owners  liable.  What  had  caused  the  accident  was  distinctly  stated.  All  the  witnesses  agreed  that  it  arose  from  a  mistake  in  judgment  of  the  pilot  in  the  the  first  instance,  regarding  her  position,  and  next  from  the  velocity  at  which  the  vessel  was  going.  Now  it  was  quite  clear  that  the  owners  could  not  in  any  way  be  held  responsible  for  a  mistake  upon  the  part  of  the  pilot.  From  that  they  were  perfectly  exempt,  and  they  had  nothing  whatever  to  do  with  it,  it  being  just  precisely  one  of  the  cases  where  the  Pilot  Act  made  them  exempt.  Then  the  velocity  was  one  of  these  things  which  was  under  the  control  of  the  pilot,  indeed  exclusively,  and  not  under  that  of  the  mate,  nor  had  the  mate  the  slightest  right  to  interfere,  unless  in  the  case  of  gross  misconduct  or  incapacity  upon  the  part  of  the  pilot.  There  appeared  to  be  a  fallacious  opinion  upon  the  other  side  that  because  Captain  Comstock  was  a  gentleman  who  knew  the  port  he  therefore  had  some  special  duty  and  right  to  interfere  with  the  control  and  directions  of  the  pilot.  Now  the  duty  of  the  pilot  was  exactly  the  same  whether  he  was  bringing  in  such  a  ship  as  the  Baltic  to  Liverpool,  or  such  a  ship  as  the  Golden  Age,  which  had  never  been  here  before,  and  was  never  likely  to  come  here  again.  The  pilot's  duties  were  well  defined.  The  right  of  the  master  to  interfere  with  him  was  well  defined,  and  there  was  a  fixed  law  regulating  the  conduct  of  the  pilot  and  the  control  he  had  over  the  ship,  which  was  quite  irrespective  of  the  familiarity  which  the  captain  or  the  sailors  possessed  with  the  port  which  they  were  entering.  If  they  allowed  any  other  rule  to  be  established,  it  might  be  said  that  if  there  happened  to  be  any  one  of  the  servants  of  the  company  on  board  the  ship,  from  the  captain  down  to  the  very  lowest  seaman,  who  knew  the  channel,  that  fact  would  have  more  or  less  influence  upon  the  position  and  authority  of  the  pilot.  The  owners  were  clearly  not  bound  to  have  any  one  on  board  who  knew  anything  of  that  particular  port,  for  which  they"
