text
"POLITICAL  MOVEMENTS.  We  learn  from  the  Court  Circular  that  Lord  Aberdeen  re returned  turned returned  to  town  from  Osborne,  on  Friday  evening,  and  that  he  was  immediately  met  by  the  Duke  of  Newcastle,  with  whom  he  had  a  short  conference.  Mr.  Gladstone  and  family  arrived  on  the  same  afternoon,  from  Lord  Lyttleton's  seat  in  ;  Earl  Grenville,  President  of  the  Council,  from  a  visit  to  Earl  Bruce;  the  Right  Hon.  S.  Herbert,  from  his  residence,  Wilton  House,  Salisbury;  the  Duke  of  Argyle,  from  Newtham  ;  the  Right  Hon.  Sir  James  Graham,  from  Grimsby,  Yorkshire,  where  he  had  been  for  twenty-four  hours  only.  The  Lord  Chancellor;  the  Right  Hon.-  Sir  William  Moles Molesworth,  worth, Molesworth,  and  the  Right  lon.  Sir  Charles  Wood  were  staying  in  town.  Viscount  Palmerston,  accompanied  by  her  ladyship,  left  town  on  Thursday,  to  meet  the  distinguished  circle  visiting  the  Marquis  of  Lansdowne,  at  Bowood,  Wilts.  The  noble  viscount  returned  to  Carlton-gardens  on  Saturday  afternoon,  (he  had  intended  to  stay  there  until  Tuesday  next),  and  early  this  week  his  lordship  quits  London  for  Broadlands,  his  seat  near  Romney,  Hants.  The  Earl  of  Aberdeen  had  given  audiences  on  Friday  night  to  several  of  his  colleagues  in  the  cabinet.  Late  in  the  evening,  the  Earl  of  Aberdeen,  the  Duke  of  Newcastle,  the  Right  Hon.  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  and  two  other  members  of  the  cabinet,  assembled  at  Sir  James  Graham's  official  residence,  at  the  admiralty,  and  were  in  consultation  until  after  12  o'clock.  CABINET  COUNCIL.—On  Thursday  morning,  says  the  Observer  of  Sunday,  summonses  were  issued  to  the  ministers  to  attend  a  cabinet  council,  yesterday,  at  the  foreiF,n-office,  Downing-street.  One  o'clock  was  th  e  h  our  appointed  for  the  meeting,  and  soon  after  that  time  the  following  ministers  assembled,  viz.  :  —The  Lord  Chancellor,  the  Duke  of  Newcastle,  the  Earl  of  Aberdeen,  the  Earl  of  Clarendon,  Sir  James  Graham,  Lord  John  Russell,  Mr.  Gladstone,  Mr.  Sidney  Herbert,  and  Sir  C.  Wood.  Lord  Granville  arrived  soon  after  two  o'clock,  having  travelled  to  town  from  Marlborough,  in  order  to  attend  the  meeting.  The  ministers  remained  in  deliberation  until  near  six  o'clock.  TAR  INDIA  BOARD.  —The  government  has  come  to  the  de determination  termination determination  of  appointing  one  of  the  secretaries  to  the  India  Board,  a  permanent  officer,  as  was  recommended  by  so  many  parties  last  year  in  the  discussion  of  the  India  Bill,  Sir  Thomas  Redington,  formerly  under-secretary  for  Ireland  and  the  abomination  of  the  extreme  parties  in  that  country.  has  been  named  the  first  permanent  secretary.  Sir  Thomas  Redington  is  an  Irishman,  and  a  Galway  landed  proprietor."
