text
"COVPT.  --Y  I.s.rEILD..IY  This  court  sat  at  10  o'clock  on  ,  yesterday.  AUSTIN  V.  Camo.---Thia  was  an  action  brought  by  the  )I:iintiff,  who  is  a  licensed  victualler  residing  in  Brunswick Brunswickroad,  road, Brunswickroad,  to  receive  4/.  from  the  defendant,  a  cow-keeper  in  Great  Homer-street.  The  plaintiff  sought  to  recover  the  amount  in  consequence  of  a  false  representation  which  he  alleged  had  been  made  by  the  defendant  to  induce  him  to  purchase  a  cow.  From  the  evidence  given  upon  the  part  of  the  plaintiff,  it  appeared  that  upon  the  3rd  of  October  last,  the  defendant  was  at  the  cattle-market  in  Liverpool,  and  had  with  him  a  cow  which  he  alleged  to  be  a  calving  cow.  The  Plaintiff  was  also  there,  and  had  brought  with  him  a  fat  cow,  which  he  valued  at  101.  He  entered  into  negociation  with  the  defendant  for  the  exchange  of  the  two  animals,  and  the  defendant  valued  his  cow  at  141.  Finally,  they  agreed  to  make  an  exchange,  the  plaintiff  consenting  to  , STYLE=superscript  pay  4/.  in  addition  to  the  defendant  as  the  difference  of  value  between  the  cattle.  The  plaintiff  stated  that  he  had  made  this  bargain  upon  the  distinct  representation  of  the  defen defendant  dant defendant  that  his  cow  was  a  calving  cow,  and  had  calved  within  a  few  weeks  previously.  After  the  bargain  was  made,  the  plaintiff  took  the  cow  home,  when  it  turned  out  that  she  Was  not  a  calving  cow,  and  gave  scarcely  any  milk.  He  therefore  brought  the  present  action  to  recover  the  4/.  which  lie  had  paid  to  the  defendant  as  the  difference  between  the  value  of  the  animals,  in  consequence  of  the  representation  made  by  the  defendant  that  the  cow  which  he  sold  was  a  Calving  cow.  Mr.  — STYLE=superscript  HrmE  appeared  for  the  defence,  and  contended  that  the  plaintiff  had  sufficient  opprtunities  of  knowing  the  finalities  of  the  animal  he  purchased,  and  that  being  a  man  who  was  in  the  habit  of  dealing  in  cattle,  he  must  have  known  what  kind  of  a  cow  she  was,  and  had  therefore  no  right  to  complain  of  the  bargain  he  had  made.  His  HONOR  gave  a  verdi  c  t  f  or  th  e  pl  a  i  n  tiff  f  or  2/  .  ;  an  d  in  giving  the  verdict  cautioned  the  defendant  against  mak making  ing making  such  representations  in  future  as  it  appeared  he  had  made  in  that  case.  He  added  that  he  felt  bound  to  tell  the  defendant  that  a  very  little  more  would  have  rendered  him  liable  to  a  criminal  prosecution  for  having  obtained  money  under  false  pretences.  LIVERPOOL  MARKETS.  -YESTERDAY.  (Written  expressly  for  the  Norther.  Daily  Times.)  SUGAR..—The  market  is  without  change,  and  the  sales  tt  report  to-day  comprise  330  hhds  Antigua,  at  32s  9d  to  34s  9d  cwt,  for  refining.  No  sales  of  Rum,  MOLASSES,  or  COFFEE.  Five  hundred  bags  Para  COCOA  have  been  sold,  at  27'  , STYLE=superscript  Ir/  cwt.  RICE  continues  to  occupy  attention,  500  bags  Arracan  having  been  sold  at  13s  9d;  and  7,000  bags  Madras,  .afloat,  for  distant  arrival,  at  13s  6d  cwt..  Two  hundred  bales  Bombay  HEMP  has  been  taken,  with  all  faults,  at  £23t9  ton  for  good.  TEA.  --  The  market  continues  in  the  same  quiet  state,  with  commm  Congou  quoted  nominally  at  is  2d  to  is  .22d  lb.  In  Hums  there  is  nothing  of  moment  to  report,  Of  TALLOW  about  50  pipes  South  American  have  been  sold  at  54s  to  55s  6d  ffP  cwt.  T  wenty-ope  bags  of  VA.LONIA.  brought  £l6  19  ton.  COTTON.  -We  have  no  change  to  notice  in  the  Cotton  market  so  far  as  prices,  but  the  quantity  taken  for  consump consumption  tion consumption  was  unusually  limited.  Of  5,000  bales  sold,  2,500  were  for  export  and  on  speculation;  of  the  latter,  2,000  were  Surats."
