text
"visicidity  It  has  been  averred  over  and  over  again,  that  Ireland's  worst  miseries  are  of  her  own  creating.  And  surely  none  not  wilfully  blind  to  facts  of  periodical  occurrence  will  impugn  the  nature  of  the  testimony.  There  are  certain  inflammable  ele elements  ments elements  cognate  with  Irish  nationality,  which,  how however  ever however  they  may  seem  to  smoulder  for  a  while,  only  require  the  gentlest  breath  of  Bigotry  to  provoke  into  a  terrible  conflagration.  Of  this  we  have  lately  been  furnished  with  a  melancholy  example.  We  allude  to  the  dreadful  riot  which  occurred  in  Lisburn  on  the  night  of  Thursday  last.  An  ac account  count account  of  which  mid&amp;  was  supplied  by  our  Dublin  Correspondent  yesterday.  In  good  truth,  it  would  seem  as  if  Ireland's  re repeated  peated repeated  warnings  and  bitter  chastisements  went  for  nothing.  The  same  narrow-minded  prejudices— prejudicesthe  the prejudicesthe  same  petty  animosities—the  same  detestable  politico-religious  feuds,  which  for  so  long  a  period  have  desolated  and  cursed  her  soil,  again  and  again  manifest  themselves  in  all  their  hideous  deformity  and  pristine  horrors.  Suffering,  generally  speak speaking,  ing, speaking,  has  a  beneficial  tendency  upon  nations  as  well  as  upon  individuals.  It  unites  the  unfortu unfortunate  nate unfortunate  with  the  golden  bond  of  sympathy,  and  softens  down  asperities  unaffected  by  aught  else.  Miseris  sucurere  was  the  saying  of  one  who  had  expe experienced,  rienced, experienced,  in  his  own  person,  its  wholesome  and  salutary  teachings.  But,  unhappily,  Ireland  ap appears  pears appears  to  be  without  the  pale  of  its  influence.  She  stands  as  an  isolated  exception  to  all  other  coun countries  tries countries  on  the  face  of  the  earth,  of  the  omnipotent  sway  Bigotry  exercises  over  every  sentiment  of  nationality,  patriotism,  and  religion.  When  diseases  are  chronic,  or  when  they  interfere  with  the  vital  organs,  the  remedy  becomes  more  difficult  to  effect,  and  the  recovery  less  hopeful.  We  should  be  sorry,  however,  to  pronounce  Irish  evils  incurable.  On  the  contrary,  we  do  think  that,  with  an  extensive  and  efficient  system  of  Education,  old  prejudices  may,  in  time,  be  destroyed,  and  new  ideas  become  ingrafted  in  their  stead,  which  would  ulti ultimately  mately ultimately  work  the  regeneration  of  that  country.  As  it  is,  PANDORA'S  box  of  evils  have  found  a  con congenial  genial congenial  resting  place  on  Irish  soil—but  perhaps  HOPE,  which  is  said  to  have  remained  at  the  bot bottom  tom bottom  of  her  casket,  may  operate  as  a  counteracting  agent—and  that  Ireland  may,  ere  long,  like  the  bird  of  fable,  rise  triumphantly  from  her  long  prostration,  ere  the  hearts  of  those  regardful  of  her  interests  sicken  with  despair.  THE  RUSSIAN  GOVERNMENT,  AND  THE  LATE  STA STATISTICAL  TISTICAL STATISTICAL  CONFERENCE  AT  BRUSSELS.—III  the  pre present  sent present  complicated  state  of  our  relations  with  Russia,  and  the  intense  interest  which  is  felt  in  this  coun country  try country  relative  to  the  aggressive  steps  of  that  Power  against  the  independence  of  Turkey,  a  little  in  cident,  which  oozed  out  during  the  proceedings  of  the  late  statistical  conference  at  Brussels,  may  not  be  uninteresting.  The  straw  thrown  up  in  the  air  is  said  to  indicate  the  course  of  the  tempest,  and  many  persons  will  infer  from  what  we  are  about  to  state  that  the  governmental  mind  of  Rus Russia  sia Russia  is  so  absorbed  in  schemes  of  conquest  and  ter territorial  ritorial territorial  aggrandizement,  that  the  peaceful  pursuits  of  statistical  science  have  ceased  to  possess  charms  for  it,  and  that  so  far  as  the  Autocrat  is  concerned,  rather  than  encourage  statistical  science  in  his  ex extensive  tensive extensive  dominions,  he  is  ready,  when  he  has  ar arranged  ranged arranged  other  and  more  important  matters  to  his  own  satisfaction,  to  avail  himself  of  the  knowledge  acquired  by  the  labours  of  others,  at  the  smallest  possible  cost.  There  were  26  governments  re represented  presented represented  at  the  conference  at  Brussels,  com comprising,  prising, comprising,  the  leading  ones  of  Europe  and  America.  The  representative  of  each  government  gave  a  ,description  of  the  manner  in  which  the  statiratie_st  of  his  country  were  made  up.  Russia  was  not  repre represented,  sented, represented,  and  the  absence  of  a  representative  for  that  country  formed  the  subject  of  conversation,  and  it  was  elicited  that  a  letter  had  been  received  from  the  Russian  government  on  the  subject.  This  excited  an  interest  to  ascertain  the  nature  of  the  contents,  but  a  feeling  of  contempt  soon  occupied  the  place  of  the  former,  when  it  became  generally  known  that  the  letter  announced,  that  the  statistics  of  the  Russian  Empire  were  taken  by,  and  for  the  government;  that  they  were  not  cognizant  of  any  defect  in  the  present  system  in  operation,  and  con concequently,  cequently, concequently,  they  had  no  need  to  send  a  representa representative  tive representative  to  Brussels.  The  letter,  however,  significantly  added,  that  if,  in  the  course  of  time,  a  defect  was  experienced  in  the  present  system,  nothing  would  hinder  the  government  afterwards  purchasing  a  copy  of  the  proceedings  of  the  So  much  for  the  desire  of  Russia  to  promote  civilization  and  science.  DEATH  BY  DROWNING.-013  Sunday  morning  about  9  o'clock,  a  police  officer  on  duty  at  the  Brunswick  Quay,  saw  a  watchman  named  John  Walker,  struggling  in  the  water,  close  by  a  boat  from  which  he  seemed  to  have  fallen.  The  officer  ran  to  his  assistance,  and  succeeded  in  getting  Walker  out  of  the  dock,  and  had  him  conveyed  to  the  Southern  Hospital,  but  when  he  reached  that  Institution,  he  was  found  to  be  dead.  The  deceased  was  the  sexton  of  the  Scotch  kirk,  in  Mount  Pleasant  and  was  much  respected  for  his  sobriety  and  general  good  conduct.  HORRIBLE  - STYLE=superscript  DEATH.—On  the  evening  of  Thursday  last,  an  accident  of  a  horrible  nature,  which  resulted  in  the  death  of  a  young  woman  named  Anne  Grant,  occurred  at  No.  1,  Houghton-street,  a  house  of  ill  fame.  During  Thursday  Miss  Grant  appears  to  have  been  drinking  some  wine,  and  about  nine  o'clock  she  went  up  stairs  for.the  pur purpose  pose purpose  of  dressing,  but  in  a  few  minutes  afterwards  came  rushing  down  stairs,  screaming  in  the  most  alarming  manner.  Startled  by  her  cries,  some  of  the  inmates  of  the  house  rushed  out  of  the  parlour,  and  beheld  the  unfortunate  woman  at  the  bottom  of  the  stairs  enveloped  in  flames.  She  had  no  dress  on  ;  but  her  underclothes  were  in  a  blaze,  the  rapidity  with  which  she  descended  the  stairs  causing  them  to  burn  with  such  fury,  that  when  assistance  was  available,,  every  thing  had  fallen  a  prey  to  the  flames,  except  the  bands  of  the  several  articles  of  dress,  which  fastened  close  to  the  body.  The  unfortunate  woman's  body  was  found  to  be  severely  burned.  A  rug  was  at  once  thrown  over  her,  and  medical  assistance  called  in.  The  burns  were  dressed  with  oil,  and  covered  over  with  wool,  and  she  was  removed  the  infirmary,  where  she  died  on  Sunday  evening.  Before  her  death,  in  reply  to  a  question  as  to  how  her  clothes  took  fire,  she  said  she  was  arranging  her  hair,  and  whilst  doing  so  she  stood  on  some  lucifer  matches  which  were  on  the  ground.  One.of  those  she  supposed  to  have  ignited  and  set  some  of  her  under.  , STYLE=superscript  clothes  on  fire  ;  and  the  first  intimation  of  danger  she  had  was  when  she  saw  the  reflection  in  the  looking-glass  of  the  flames  creeping  up  her  dress  behind.  The  11  1 STYLE=superscript  ,-fated  woman  was,inler  21st  year.  ACClDENTS.—Yesterday  morning  Thomas  Clancy,  passenger  in  the  emigrant  ship  bound  for  New  York,  and  lying  in  Fiupkisson's  Dock,  fell  from  the  deck  into  the  hold  of  the  vessel,  thereby  causing  a  concussion  of  the  brain,  and  fractured  ribs.  Thomas  Wilson  passenger  on  board  the  Commodore  steamer,  when  she  was  entering  the  river  on  her  voyage  from  Glasgow,  on  Sunday  eveningit  during  the  gale,  sustained  a  compound  fracture  of  the  leg,  by  the  slipping  of  some  casks  of  oil.  Edward  Roche,  30,  Court  Maguire-street,  Ship-carpenter,  working  in  Sand  Engraving  Dock,  yesterday  afternoon,  fell  off  the  stage,  into  the  dock,  thereby  sustaining  a  fracture  of  his  thigh,  and  a  compound  fracture  of  the  arm.  Peter  Kelly,  Brook-street,  same  afternoon,  while  drunk  and  fighting,  was  knocked  down  and  fractured  his  leg.  Yesterday  afternoon,  John  Connor,  I,  Sand-street,  labourer  on  board  the  Steamer  Telegraph,  Nelson  Dock,  while  carrying  a  sack  of  flour,  fell  off  the  stage  into  the  dock,  and  fractured  his  leg.  Yesterday  evening,  William  Dickson,  Ship-joiner,  working  in  Prince's  Dock,  fell  into  the  hold  of  a  ship.  Yesterday  afternoon,  Robert  Walsh,  Seaman,  American  Ship,  Ondyuee,  outward  bound  in  the  river,  whilst  working  aloft,  furling  sails,  was  struck  by  a  man  whose  name  did  not  transpire,  nick-named  Scotty,  with  a  marline  spike,  inflicting  a  severe  scalp  wound.  The  Captain  had  this  man  sent  in  irons  on  shore.  FIRE  EXTRAORDINARY  AT  MANCHESTER.—On.  Sunday  morning  about  four  o'clock,  information  reached  the  Town's  yard,  Clarenec-street,  that  a  strong  smell  of  fire  pervaded  George-street,  and  the  neighbourhood.  ➢Tr.  Rose,  superintendent  of  the  fire  brigade,  immediately  dispatched  several  firemen  for  the  purpose  of  ascertaining  whence  the  unwelcome  smell  proeeeded.  After  diligent  search  they,  in  conjunction  with  a  private  watchman  and  the  policeman  on  the  beat,  discovered  smoke  mysteriously  issuing  from  one  of  the  groves  in  St.  James's  church  yard.  On  further  examination  it  turned  out  that  some  alterations  were  being  made  in  the  church,  and  that  there  had  been  thrown  upon  the  grave  a  quantity  of  shavings,  which  in  some  way  or  other  eecame  ignited.  The  rain  which  fell  heavily  at  the  time  soon  extinguished  the  flames."
