text
"AMERICA'  ARRIVAL  OF  THE  C/NAD.S.  The  British  and  North  American  royal:  steam  ship  Canada,  Captain  Stone,  arrived  '  P STYLE=superscript  a,  Mersey  at  midnight,  and  we  received  ou  t STYLE=superscript  patches  by  her  shortly  after  one  o'clock  this  ing.  She  left  Boston  on  the  7th,  and  1  131if STYLE=superscript  '  15 STYLE=superscript  the  9th  inst.  Her  dates  are  from  New  York  to  the  6th  be STYLE=superscript  ;  six  day  later  than  those  previonsly  - STYLE=superscript  to'halid'  has  brought  home  101  passengers,  and  7„ STYLE=superscript  v  f  o STYLE=superscript  n  '  t  dollars  in  specie,  and  al  so  th  at  important'h,  can  state  document,  the  President's  messag  e STYLE=superscript  oi  livered  at  the  opening  of  C  ongress  on  t  h  e  6111 STYLE=superscript  1  i  The  screw  steamer  Ande  s  ,  f  rom  Li  v  erP°  ( STYLE=superscript  %  Boston,  put  into  H  a  lif  ax  f  or  coa  l  on  t  h  e  5th10.,46  The  American  steamer  Atlantic,  from  th'  F STYLE=superscript  ;  with  advices  to  the  16th  November,  reache  d STYLE=superscript  York  on  the  morning  of  the  29th.  41  ,  6;  1 STYLE=superscript  The  Europa  arriv  e  d  off  Sandy  Hook  oil  e STYLE=superscript  ,el  instant,  at  10  o'clock,  p.m.,  but  did  not  ent  er STYLE=superscript  i  i  ,  ii  York  until  9  o'clock  o  n  th  e  -  morn  i  ng  of  t  he  bti  consequence  of  fog.  She  made  a  very  long  1  0 STYLE=superscript  '  1  ;1,  having  encountered  ver  y  b  a  d  weat  h  er  t  he  voyage.  )  Our  correspondent  at  New  Y  or  k  wr  it  es  ,  t-at,  6  emigrant  ships  that  had  arrived  were  more  he  a STYLE=superscript  p  and  that  but  few  additional  deaths  had  reported,  The  American  mail  steamer  Humboldt  , STYLE=superscript  1i  ;,5  Southampton  for  New  York,  was  as  h  ore  off  11'1`i  and  the  last  report  st  a  t  es  th  a  t  s  h  e  was  no  t  be  got  off.  Her  passengers  were  all  safe.  Congress  assembled  on  the  sth,  when  ther  e STYLE=superscript  )  1  unusual  expedition  in  the  organisation  of STYLE=superscript  /l:  House,  and  L.  Boyd  was  elected  Speaker.  estimates  for  the  Army  proper  are  10,151,0  00 STYLE=superscript  `  0  j  for  the  Naval  Establishment,  10,234,000  the  Steam  Mail  service,  1,496,000  dollars,  _  The  Secretary  of  the  Treasury's  estimates  f  li STYLE=superscript  t  ,  next  fiscal  year,  were  laid  on  the  desks  of  0  01:11 STYLE=superscript  The  entire  estimates  for-  the  year  ending  J  ulie STYLE=superscript  1855,  are  51,060,277  dols.  12c.  I  °  Gen.  Gadsden  the  U  n  it  e  d  St  a  t  es  Mi  n  is''  , STYLE=superscript  p  r STYLE=superscript  j  e  6  Mexico,  had  arrived  at  Washington  wit  h STYLE=superscript  A  patches.  The  intelligence  he  brings  coneerfiiiii  the  filibustering  movements  in  Lower  &amp;li  fe STYLE=superscript  ,  is  important,  but  not  a  l  arm  i  ng.  Only  a5OllO,P'  hundred  men  are  engaged  in  the  expeditioy•  Gadsden  had  directed  measures  to  be  tak9  suppress  the  expedition,  by  th  e  a  id  o  f  the  States  troops.  0  bo STYLE=superscript  The  whole  character  of  th  ese  dispatches  t't  that  the  expedition  will  fail,  and  that  pet(  tween.  the  United  States  and  Mexico  will  ttj  sei  ved.  The  movement  above  referred  to  was  the  reP  110  landing  of  200  armed  Californians  from  ti  le STYLE=superscript  cc  olt,  Caroline,  at  the  port  of  L  a  P  az  ,  i  n  L  ower  Call'  jov  taking  possession  of  the  town,  putting  1  0  1/  0* STYLE=superscript  governor  in  prison,  and  declaring  Lower  nia  A  In  the  Senate  Mr.  G  w  i  nn  h  a  d  i  n  t  ro  duce  , STYLE=superscript  -  p STYLE=superscript  si  granting  land  to  California  for  a  railroad  fr°  11 STYLE=superscript  :  0  ttl  e STYLE=superscript  Francisco,  via  the  Valley  of  the  Sacrament  ° STYLE=superscript  boundary  of  Oregon.  v.,,p  et STYLE=superscript  The  Washington  correspondent  of  the  •  - STYLE=superscript  ..,,  6  0,  11 STYLE=superscript  Commercial  Advertiser,  writing  on  the  3rd  1- STYLE=superscript  e  ,  N  A  ,  C. STYLE=superscript  says,  in  a  letter  to  the  State  Department  lier STYLE=superscript  fl  s  liell  Buchanan  acknowledges  the  receipt  o  f  the  jo  treaty,  and  says  that  he  thinks  it  will  be  e  u STYLE=superscript  ,  e  '  r  cle,e,  t  that  he  has  had  an  interview  with  Lord  Au  f3r  ia,'7  upon  the  subject,  who  promised  that  the  0  10  Cabinet  would  act  upon  it  as  soon  as  s'  i  s  ,  It  would  ha  v  e  rece  i  ve  d  attent  i  on  b  e  f  o  re  ,  heir  #  :that  Russo-Turkish  affairs  had  occupied  tention.  n  ce  tlO  Havana  advices  of  the  28th  ult.,  aun  pezu,e  r  the  new  Governor  of  the  Island,  Gee  e STYLE=superscript  l  o  f  \l'&#34;  :  „1  was  hourly  expected.  H  e  b  ears  the  roy  of  Cuba,  and  po  ssesses  ,  it  i  s  believeu,  ,„  t  ie  un  powers.  No  other  news.  Mexican  advi  ees  o  f  lilt  ,  sin  n  oaln  oT  in.  the  Maclean.  provinces.  fea  s  :  ot.o  v  actm  e  hso  r  pemt  a  il  l  ilem.ea  p  acpe  o  cy:  l  o.ct  i  va  t  oi  i  agni  c  :at_  a  rim  l  nys  a  sa.i  r  ttg  r  tt  e  neTh  s  rohe  t  sr  s  edGcooh  a  a  t  o,oe  e  lbretnisi  i  aa  - STYLE=superscript  mp  e  h  e  rlev  e  aena  n  adts  t  r,  l  o  y  tror,,  ::  :  !  ;selielit  a  ret  A  a  gone  any  material  change.  The  Stock  /11 STYLE=superscript  :  13  t,,,  l STYLE=superscript  '  h  '  i  the  early  part  of  the  week  had  been  blion  v:  towards  the  close  it  was  scarcely  so  act  market  for  foreign  exchange  is  reporteucao%  active  than  had  been  anticipated  for  the  us  ill  (e STYLE=superscript  fi  The  business  was  chiefly  at  1098  for  prime  ii  oo  o,  names,  and  from  this  there  was  a  concessule  on  nearly  all  considerable  tran  sac  ti  o  n  s  .  l  o  a  for  money  remained  without  alteration,  a STYLE=superscript  p  e STYLE=superscript  ,  leading  stockbrokers  were  well  supplied.  o  rtit  t  York  paper  says  :  —The  increased  discount  S STYLE=superscript  past  week  by  the  banks,  while  both  the  ir STYLE=superscript  dg  io  A  and  individual  deposit  s  f  e  ll  off  slightly,  is  --  or  cation  that  the  country  bank  balances  ar  t STYLE=superscript  3 STYLE=superscript  improving.  Our  correspondent  writes  In  flour,  ,9  1 STYLE=superscript  ;  ,  departure  of  the  last  ste  amer  f  or  Europe,  t',.-eat,  fell  off,  and  the  m  ar  k  e  t  became  deP`i,otO  while  lower  prices  w  e  re  su  b  m  i  tte  d  to.  F°r;10(,  there  has  been  a  steady  de  man  d  ,  an  d  prices  et  an  upward  tendency.  Th  e  provision  int;•s  firm,  and  considerable  business  has  been  ao'  NEW  YORK  MARKETS,  DEC.  6Th;.  :,  0  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  Corrox.  —The  market  for  this  staple  is  represent  ej STYLE=superscript  ,  v STYLE=superscript  be  ilf STYLE=superscript  o  official  report  of  the  Board  o  f  C  otton  Brokers,  9:00,1  lightly  stocked,  and  clo  s  i  ng  qu  i  et  l  y,  within  the  e  6  range  of  prices.  We  subj  o  i  n  th  e  authorised  ataWc  the  sales  effected  d  ur  i  ng  t  h  e  wee  k  ending  with  '  f  and  during  this  day  :  PI  Week.  6 STYLE=superscript  10  To  Spinners,  bales  .  3,602  1,1  ITo  Shippers,  bales  3,327  ,  To  Speculators,  bales  i  /I  To  Transitu,  bales  li  . STYLE=superscript  Total,  bales  .9,636  We  likewise  append  the  official  list  of  current  06 STYLE=superscript  cording  to  the  NEW  YORK  CLASSIFICATION.  1  4 STYLE=superscript  '•  Uplands.  Florida.  Mob  10. STYLE=superscript  nit  Ordinary,  per  lb.  Middling,  per  lb  .  101  10-  g  10  1 STYLE=superscript  Middling  Fair,  per  lb  _ll  11  11-i  FLOUR—Has  Is  Fair,  per  lb  ll  11  1  111  01  ou  j  Fun—Has  improved  very  littl  e  e  ith  er  i  n  e  b  ut  if  value.  The  steamer's  n  ews  is  d  eeme  d  favorable,  A  ,  ri  private  advices  a  re  y  e  t  lacking,  and,  until  receivst'A  chants  will  not  operat  e  f  ree  ly.  Th  e  day's  business  ,0  8 STYLE=superscript  `  of  8000  bbls.  State,  W  es  t  ern  ,  an  d  S  outhern,  a  t  a°  rise  of  6ic  per  bbl.,  in  price.  et  i STYLE=superscript  '  4 STYLE=superscript  o  l  6 STYLE=superscript  GRAlN.—Wheat  is  held  with  greater  firmness'  in  much  request,  a  t  unc  h  ange  d  rates.  Among  t  h  e  ol  p  r  o  were  reported  a  parcel  o  f  choice  Genesee  white,  e  OO  D,t  at  $1  80c;  some  Michigan  do.  at  $1  72c  ;  and  8 STYLE=superscript  /  4 STYLE=superscript  0  3  / STYLE=superscript  ‘  O  , STYLE=superscript  Western  rAd,  part  at  $1  53c.  A  l  o  t  o  f  S  ou  thern  the  r  ere  j  said  to  have  been  purcha  se  d  a  t  $1  56  c.  R  ye  is  ruriosere  active,  at  $l.  Barley  and  Oats  are  essentially  11 STYLE=superscript  %  Corn  is  seemingly  dep  resse  d.  Th  e  d  ay  '  s  movernel„  l STYLE=superscript  `„  to  exceed  18,000  bush.,  W  es  t  ern  an  d  S  out  h  ern  a  t  7 STYLE=superscript  '„',o  o STYLE=superscript  '  the  latter  price  havi  ng  .  been  realised  only  for  small  4n STYLE=superscript  of  choice  yellow,  needed  by  the  home  trade.  3  tiO  ,e`  PROVISIONS.—Pork  has  conti  n  u  e  d  t  o  f  avor  ovra  e STYLE=superscript  o  e  o.l  the  influence  of  the  light  s  t  oc  k  h  ere  an  d  the  pre  l STYLE=superscript  os  re  d;  a  very  animated  inquiry.  The  day's  trausact'  ° STYLE=superscript  „,  e  ov  1,200  brls.  Western  at  $l3  311  c.  to  $l3  50c.  for  1- STYLE=superscript  1  1  4  1.  $ll  ;for  prime,  per  brl.—both  kinds  evincing,  311 STYLE=superscript  tenor  towards  the  close.  This  is  an  encouragiq  d  •  after  such  a  long  period  of  depression  and  laugli  t  ero&#34;;:'  meats  and  dressed  hogs  manifest  no  essential  g  o  ,  Lard  is  a  little  mo  re  so  u  g  ht  a  f  ter,  b  ut  d  oes  not  higher.  s  o-  FRElGHTS.—Business,  in  this  line,  displays  c  o STYLE=superscript  n STYLE=superscript  el4f  activity,  though  restricted  by  the  scarcity  of  v  e STYLE=superscript  ,  o  l,  the  lack  of  later  European  accounts.  For  Live  r STYLE=superscript  gd,;_p  were  engaged  700  brls.  Flour,  to  fill  up,  at  3s•  .  at  jg  lots  do.  at  3s.  9d.  ;  and  20,000  bushels  Wheat,  fi STYLE=superscript  the  tsi  t  bulk,  and  13d.  in  ship's  bags.  For  London  00  b  been  taken  3,000  brls.  Flour,  at  4s.  9d.  ;  1 STYLE=superscript  °,.9  ° STYLE=superscript  .  t  60.;  Wheat,  in  ship's  bags,  at  16d.  ;  some  lots  Bee'  100  brls.  .Lard,  at  455.  per  ton.  •  BY  'TELEGRAPH.  the  0?)/  .1  4 STYLE=superscript  ALBANY,  Monday,  Dec.  S.—R  ece  ipts  during,  000  b  twenty-four  hours—Flour,  19,000  b  r  l  s  .  ;  wheat,  3 STYLE=superscript  `',  o  4ce  ti STYLE=superscript  tt  l STYLE=superscript  :  corn,  11,000  bush.;  oats,  22,0  0  0  b  us  h.  Our  ~1*  0  9 STYLE=superscript  '  •  dull,  and  the  only  sales  w  or  th  not  i  ng  are  17,  000 STYLE=superscript  00  0 STYLE=superscript  ley  at  12c.  to  83c.  f  or  two-rowed  :  831-e  for  1  6,1  1( STYLE=superscript  1  end  84c.  for  four-rowed.  Oats  dull  at  51.  Ro  n  P:  4  17 STYLE=superscript  ,,,  NEW-ORLEANS  MONDAY,  DEC.  s.—Our  ar  t  / STYLE=superscript  t  d  is  without  animation—dealers  awaiting  the  ffo  r° STYLE=superscript  P3lsr,i  e STYLE=superscript  ,/  , STYLE=superscript  ‘,„  ef STYLE=superscript  CHARLESTON,  MONDAY,  DEC.  s.—Our  Cotton  an  d  day  has  declined  :  1-,c  to  lc  principally  on  middl  i STYLE=superscript  liz  to  descriptions.  The  sales  were  1,100  bales  at  300  bales  fair  Georgia  brought  ate:  P2_TB00095 ten  A  PRESIDENT'S  MESSAGE.  aro  '  0  .Z'ellow-citizens  of  the  Senate  and  of  the  House  of  Reptesentatioes  :  ~The  interest  with  which  the  people  of  the  Republic  anti-  Xte  the  assembling  of  Congress,  and  the  fulfilment  on  that  4  1  8 STYLE=superscript  61,  of  the  d  u  ty  i  m  p  ose  d  U  p  on  a  new  P  res  id  en  t,  i  s  one  v  2  e  best  ev  id  ences  o  f  t  h  e  i  r  capac  i  ty  to  real  i  se  the  hopes  of  ,',..e  founders  of  a  political  system,  at  once  complex  and  Por STYLE=superscript  netrical.  While  the  different  branches  of  the  govern governtaent  taent governtaent  are  to  ii  certain  extent,  independent  of  each  other,  the  duties  130...  of  all  alike,  have  direct  reference  to  the  source  of  %  ler  , STYLE=superscript  Fortunately,  Under  this  system,  no  man  is  so  high,  t  y  so  humble  in  the  scale  of  public  station,  as  to  es ese'  e' ese'  front  the  scrutiny,  or  to  be  exempt  from  the  responsibi responsibi-4  -4 responsibi-4  Which  all  official  functions  imply.  ,  upon  the  justice  and  intelligence  of  the  masses,  in  a  Go Goelement  element Goelement  thus  organised,  is  the  sole  reliance  of  the  Con Cont'eraey,  t'eraey, Cont'eraey,  and  the  only  security  for  honest  and  earnest  de de..etion  ..etion de..etion  to  its  i  n  t  eres  t  s  ,  aga  i  ns  t  th  e  u  s  ur  p  a  ti  ons  an  d  encroach encroach:Q:l43  :Q:l43 encroach:Q:l43  of  po  wer  on  one  h  a  nd,  an  d  th  e  assau  lt  s  o  f  p  ers  onal  am STYLE=superscript  bit•  ion  on  the  Other.  lhe  interest,  of  which  I  have  sp  o  ken,  is  inseparable  from  b  inquiring,  self-governing  community  ;  but  stimulated,  do STYLE=superscript  ubtless  at  the  present  time,  by  the  unsettled  condition  of  c STYLE=superscript  er  relations  with  several  foreign  powers;  by  the  new  obli obligations  gations obligations  resulting  from  a  sudden  eater  sion  of  the  field  of  en STYLE=superscript  terprise  ;  by  the  spirit  with  which  that  field  has  been  :ctered,  and  the  amazing  energy  with  which  its  resources  6  '°r  meeting  the  demands  of  humanity  have  been  developed.  ••&amp;lthough  disease,  assuming  at  one  time  the  characteristics  t  '  a  Wide-spread  and  devastating  pestilence,  has  left  its  sad  most  •  upon  some  portions  of  our  country,  we  have  still  the  'cst  abundant  cause  for  reverent  thankfulness  to  God  for  an  ticumulation  of  signal  mercies  showered  upon  us  as  a  na nacumulation  cumulation nacumulation  It  is  well  that  a  consciousness  of  rapid  advancement  ,  Q STYLE=superscript  ,.nd  increasing  strength  be  habitually  associ.ted  with  an  '  tl  i STYLE=superscript  tling  sense  of  dependence  upon  Him  who  holds  in  his  hands  'e  destiny  of  men  and  of  nations.  Recognizing  the  wisdom  of  the  broad  principle  of  abso abso-14  -14 abso-14  e  religious  toleration  proclaimed  in  our  fundamental  law,  lud  rejoicing  in  the  benign  influence  which  it  has  exerted  'Pon  our  social  and  political  condition,  I  should  shrink  from  a  clea  r  d  uty  did  I  f  a  il  to  express  my  deepest  conv  i  ct  i  on  t  h  at  fe  can  pl  ace  no  secure  re  li  ance  u  p  on  an  y  apparen  t  p  rogress  it  b  e  not  sustained  by  national  integrity,  resting  upon  the  r'eat  truths  affirmed  and  illustrated  by  divine  revelation.  the  midst  of  our  sorrow  for  the  afflicted  and  suffering,  it  has  L  ,  oeen  consoling  to  see  how  promptly  disaster  made  true  n STYLE=superscript  eighbours  of  districts  and  cities  separated  widely  from  each  and  cheering  to  watch  the  strength  of  that  common  bo STYLE=superscript  nd  ' STYLE=superscript  of  brotherhood  which  unites  all  hearts  in  all  parts  of  r  n  a  Union  when  danger  threatens  from  abroad,  or  calamity  I STYLE=superscript  ,,Poods  over  us  at  home.  'J  •  ar  diplomatic  relations  with  foreign  powers  have  under undert'olle  t'olle undert'olle  no  essential  change  since  the  adjournment  of  the  last  et  tigress.  With  some  of  them  questions  of  a  disturbing  i  i  are  still  pending,  but  there  are  good  reasons  to  be beeve  eve beeve STYLE=superscript  that  these  may  all  be  amicably  adjusted.  ,  Per  s  ome  y  ears  p  as  t,  G  rea  t  B  r  it  a  i  n  h  as  so  cons  t  ru  ed  the  nt  article  of  the  Convention  of  the  20th  of  April,  1818,  in  `'bard  to  the  fisheries  on  the  north-western  coast,  as  to  ex exude  ude exude  .  •  ti  ,  e  our  citizens  from  some  of  the  fishing  grounds,  to  which  h  „.'°Y  freely  resorted  for  nearly  a  quarter  of  a  century  subse subse„went  „went subse„went  to  the  date  of  that  treaty.  The  United  States  have  ge  r  ,  er  acquiesced  in  this  construction,  but  have  always  e STYLE=superscript  t  t4 STYLE=superscript  inied  for  their  fishermen  all  the  rights  which  they  have  k  ° STYLE=superscript  ll  l STYLE=superscript  °  l STYLE=superscript  l.  ft  enjoyed  without  molestion.  With  a  view  to  remove  t  difficulties  on  the  subject—to  extend  the  rights  of  our  t'hermen  beyond  the  limits  fixed  by  the  Convention  of  1818,  'V  to  regulate  trade  between  the  United  States  and  the  British  Forth  American  Provinces,  a  negotiation  has  been  t  ° STYLE=superscript  Pened,  w  ith  a  f  a  i  r  p  ros  p  ec  t  o  f  a  favorable  result.  To  pro prov  v prov  et  our  fishermen  in  the  enjoyment  of  their  rights,  and  pre preeat  eat preeat  collision  between  them  and  the  Briti  s  h  fi  s  h  ermen  ,  I  de STYLE=superscript  emed  it  expedient  to  station  a  naval  force  in  that  quarter  ding  the  fishing  season.  G  - STYLE=superscript  r  - STYLE=superscript  atobarrassing  questions  have  also  arisen  between  the  two  o..'&#34;ernments  in  regard  to  Central  America.  Great  Britain  A  -.4‘ STYLE=superscript  PrOPOSed  to  settle  them  by  an  amicable  arrangement,  ..p  d  .  .  ti  ,  our  Minister  at  London  is  instructed  to  enter  into  nego-  Q STYLE=superscript  ttons  on  that  subject.  -A•  commission  for  adjusting  the  claims  of  our  citizens  a  gai STYLE=superscript  nst  Great  Britain,  and  those  of  British  subjects  against  t  he STYLE=superscript  United  States,  organised  under  the  Convention  of  Feb Feb-121:Y  -121:Y Feb-121:Y  last,  is  now  sitting  in  London  for  the  transaction  of  ,s  iness.  b  o  l STYLE=superscript  t  is  in  many  respects  desirable  that  the  ,boundary  line  4,'  W STYLE=superscript  ,een  the  United  States  and  the  British  provinces  in  the  4'  4  4 STYLE=superscript  ,  4- STYLE=superscript  west,  as  designated  in  the  Convention  of  the  15th  of  t  er  1846,  and  especially  that  part  which  separates  the  t  io  i STYLE=superscript  4  ,  t STYLE=superscript  °rY  of  Washington  from  the  British  possessions  in  the  th  ''a)  should  be  traced  and  marked.  I  therefore  present  e  a  •  abject  to  your  notice.  to  u  .,_.  all  Prance  our  relations  continue  on  the  most  friendly  lZg,_  •  The  extensive  commerce  between  the  United  States  ii  k  .  l  country,  might,  it  islconceived,  be  relased  from  some  I)a  tt  7  ee STYLE=superscript  ssary  restrictions,  to  the  mutual  advantage  of  both  Oi  k  ie  3 STYLE=superscript  .  With  a  view  to  this  object,  some  progress  has  .  been  \  !  .  ill  negotiating  a  treaty  of  commerce  and  navigation.  km-N.,  pendently  of  our  valuable  trade  with  Spain,  we  have  1  1  260  ,N:  t  political  relations  with  her,  growing  out  of  our  o  4 STYLE=superscript  bourhood  to  the  Islands  of  Cuba  and  Porto  Rico.  1  Ici  l  t  ern  h STYLE=superscript  appy  to  announce  that  since  the  last  Congress  no  at atk  k atk  Pas  have  been  mad  e  ,  by  unau  th  or  i  se  d  expe  diti  ons  w  i  t  hi  n  %  ti  „  united  States,  against  either  of'  those  Oolonico.  Should  bj  Movement  be  manifested  within  our  limits,  all  the  1  t  '  51 STYLE=superscript  41  at  my  command  will  be  vigorously  exerted  to  repress  ►  4  ,  1  Several  annoying  occurrences  have  taken  place  at  Ha Haet•  et• Haet•  a,  or  in  th  e  v  i  cini  ty  of  the  I  s  land  of  C  u  b  a  ,.  between  our  i'  7. STYLE=superscript  eas  and  the  Spanish  authorities.  Considering  the  .prox .prox-4ut  4ut .prox-4ut STYLE=superscript  t  t  a  of  that  Island-to  our  shores—lying,  as  it  does,  in  the  IC;  ''  of  trade  between  some  of  our  principal  cities—and  ti  e  „'&#34;icious  vigilance  with  which  foreign  intercourse,  par part.  t. part.  'arty  that  with  the  United  States,  is  there  guarded,  a  11;Petition  of  such  occurences  may  well  be  ap aptgel'eenoded.  tgel'eenoded. aptgel'eenoded.  As  no  diplomatic  intercourse  is  allowed  be beha.,  ha., beha.,  our  Consul  at  Havana  and  the  Captain  General  of  Cuba  a  ff  °Y  explanations  cannot  be  made,  or  prompt  redress  crded,  where  injury  has  resulted.  All  complaint  on  the  part  tOlir  citizens,  under  the  present  arrangement,  must  be,  in  fe  ar  first  place,  presented  to  this  government,  and  then  re reticie,(l  ticie,(l reticie,(l  to  Spain.  Spain  again  refers  it  to  her  local  authori authoritill  till authoritill  Cuba  for  investigation,  and  postpones  an  answer  i  t  •She  had  heard  from  those  authorities.  To  avoid  these  tjltating  and  vexatious  delays,  a  proposition  has  been  made  li  ,Provide  a  direct  appeal  for  redress  to  the  Captain  Ge Geli!.al  li!.al Geli!.al  by  our  Consul,  in  behalf  of  our  injured  fellow-citizens.  t  o  l STYLE=superscript  therto,  the  government  o  f  Sp  a  i  n  h  as  decl  i  ned  to  enter  ,  e,  any  such  arrangement.  This  course  on  her  part  is  ‘l43'  regretted;  for,  without  some  arrangements  of  this  hi  t  ,'  the  good  understanding  between  the  two  coun coun°Or  °Or coun°Or  may  be  exposed  to  occasional  interruption.  ne  t  i  Minister  at  Madrid  is  instructed  to  re reticle  ticle reticle  the.  proposition,  and  to  press  it  again  upon  the  con conzoNtion  zoNtion conzoNtion  of  her  Catholic  Majesty's  Government.  ,  thi  s  o STYLE=superscript  „r  several  years  Spain  has  been  calling  the  attention  of  ect  Government  to  a  claim  for  losses,  by  some  of  her  sub sub,  , sub,  h  B, STYLE=superscript  in  the  case  of  the  schooner  A  rmistad.  This  claim  is  titre  t  i STYLE=superscript  ed  to  rest  on  the  obligations  imposed  by  our  existing  di  sty  With  that  country.  Its  justice  was  admitted,  in  our  q  t  :  i  taliatic  correspondence  with  the  Spanish  Government,  as  4e  4  Y  a STYLE=superscript  s  March,  1847;  and  one  of  my  predecessors,  in  his  4  h  o  aal  M  essage  o  f  that  year,  recommend  e  d  th  a  t  prov  i  s  i  on  k  t  ,,,!thi  be  made  for  its  payment.  In  January  last  it  was  erl  submitted  to  Congress  by  the  Executive.  It  has  re-'.  a  favorable  consideration  by  Committes  of  both  bran brantr,`,3,  tr,`,3, brantr,`,3,  but  a  s  y  e  t  th  ere  h  as  been  no  final  action  up  on  it.  I  I  it  qcoive  that  good  faith  requires  its  prompt  adjustment,  and  vtesent  it  to  your  early  and  favorable  consideration.  li  k  4 STYLE=superscript  artin  Basta,  a  Hungarian  by  birth,  came  to  this  count  r  y  d  5 STYLE=superscript  O,  and  declared  his  intention,  in  due  form  of  law,  t  o  lle  a  citizen  of  the  United  States.  After  he  remained  h,  1  nearly  two  years  he  visited  Turkey.  While  at  Smyrna  'Tas  forcibly  se  i  ze  d,  t  a  ken  on  board  an  Austrian  brig  of  eftlien  lying  in  the  harbor  of  that  place,  and  there  con con-0(77  -0(77 con-0(77  in  irons,  with  the  avowed  design  of  taking  him  into  the  litn  i STYLE=superscript  •nions  of  Austria.  Our  consul  at  Smyrna  and  legation  ftt,,  Co  ions  interposed  for  his  release,  but  their  efforts  g  r  ;  k  e  ineffect  ua  l.  Whil  e  t  h  us  imp  risoned,  Commander  In Inkti:j'atia,  kti:j'atia, Inkti:j'atia,  with  the  United  States  ship  of  war,  St.  _Louis,  kt  k  jed  at  Smyrna,  and,  after  inquiring  into  the  eircum eircumeiq,e,es  eiq,e,es eircumeiq,e,es  of  the  case,  came  to  the  conclusion  that  Kosta  was  e  ae  to  the  protection  of  this  government,  and  took  kr  t  'getic  and  prompt  measures  for  his  release.  Under  an  It  41 STYLE=superscript  ,  geMent  between  the  agents  of  the  United  States  and  io  to  'lastria,  he  was  transferred  to  the  custody  of  the  lie  - STYLE=superscript  e STYLE=superscript  h  Consul  General  at  Smyrna,  there  to  remain  until  th  e  'oould  be  disposed  of  by  the  mutual  agreement  of  pl  at  Consuls  of  the  respective  Governments  at  that  atid''  Pursuant  to  that  agreement  he  has STYLE=superscript  been  released  ha.,  4 STYLE=superscript  now  in  the  United  States.  The  Emperor  of  Austria  tr•  44  ° STYLE=superscript  lade  the  conduct  of  our  officers  who  took  part  in  this  as  ,j.etion  a  subject  of  grave  complaint.  Regarding  Kosta  th  e  l  '.  ll STYLE=superscript  his  subject,  and  claiming  a  right  to  seize  him  within  0  1  ,,,,  1111 STYLE=superscript  its  of  the  Turkish  empire,  he  has  demanded  of  this  'llg  ll STYLE=superscript  nlent  its  consent  to  the  surrender  of  the  prisoner,  a  all  e  a-' STYLE=superscript  :°wal  of  the  acts  of  its  agents,  and  satisfaction  for  the  1 STYLE=superscript  1,  e STYLE=superscript  d-  outrage.  After  a  careful  consideration  of  the  case,  1 STYLE=superscript  'ehre  to  the  conclusion  that  Kosta  was  seized  without  I'll  b  e STYLE=superscript  nthority  at  Smyrna  ;  that  he  was  wrongfully  detained  4 STYLE=superscript  41  B  ° STYLE=superscript  e  9  r STYLE=superscript  d  of  the  Austrian  brig  of  war  ;  that,  at  the  time'  of  k  ate  tzure  he  was  clothed  with  the  nationality  of  the  United  tt4  tie  s STYLE=superscript  ;  and  ' STYLE=superscript  that  the  acts  of  our  officers,  under  the  circum circum'tell  'tell circum'tell  1.  8 STYLE=superscript  ,,0f  the  case,  were  justifiable.  and  their  conduct  has  ';  1 STYLE=superscript  1  d  e  u STYLE=superscript  itY  approved  by  me,  and  a  compliance  with  the  seve seve,,  ,, seve,,  Or  a  k STYLE=superscript  ands  of  the  Emperor  of  Austria  has  been  declined.  nekartitnore  full  account  of  this  transaction,  and  my  views  in  '  l STYLE=superscript  l,  s  t  „  t°,  it,  I  refer  to  the  correspondence  between  the  `  t  t STYLE=superscript  4i  c  ir  cv  Affairs  of  Austria  and  the  Secretary  of  State,  1  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  te  tei  P  herewith  transmitted.  The  principles  and  policy,  he,4  t STYLE=superscript  naintained  on  the  part  of  the  United  States,  will,  'tb  e  e STYLE=superscript  r  a  proper  occasion  occurs,  be  applied  and  enforced.  t STYLE=superscript  hat  l  so  c STYLE=superscript  ondition  of  China,  at  this  time,  renders  it  probable  Thleh  L STYLE=superscript  '.°  important  changes  will  occur  in  that  vast  Empire,  ,  h  e  e  will  lead  to  a  more  unrestricted  intercourse  with  it.  ;`,llioi4c4tet!iissioner  to  that  country,  who  has  been  recently  u STYLE=superscript  NI  4  :1  1, STYLE=superscript  is  instructed  to  avail  himself  of  all  occasions  to  topi,  e  u  extend  our  commerc  i  a  l  re  l  a  ti  ons,  not  on  l  y  w  i  t  h  t  h  e  /  11  °f  China,  but  with  other  Asiatic  nations.  m  52  4 STYLE=superscript  d.  18 STYLE=superscript  of  ,  ,  an  expedition  was  sent  to  Japan,  unde  r  the  corn cornte  te cornte  ret  ai  C  o STYLE=superscript  mmodore  Perry,  for  the  purpose  of  opening  coin cointoeei,edultercourse  toeei,edultercourse cointoeei,edultercourse  with  that  island.  Intelligence  has  been  ),he  ° STYLE=superscript  f  his  arrival  there,  and  of  his  having  made  known  ki  ee  _Mlieror  of  Japan  the  object  o  f  his  visit;  but  it  is  not  rt STYLE=superscript  ained  how  far  the  Emperor  will  be  disposed  to  aban abandon  don abandon  his  restrictive  policy;  and  open  that  populotis  country  to  a  commercial  intercourse  with  the  - STYLE=superscript  United  States.  _  _  It  has  been  niy  earnest  desire  to  maintain  friendly  inter intercourse  course intercourse  with  the  .  governments  upon  this  continent,  and  to  aid  theta  in  preserving  good  understanding  among  themselves.  With  Mexico,  a  dispute  has  arisen  as  to  the  true  boundary  line  between  our  territory  of  New;MexicO  and  the  ,exit  aii  State  of  Chihuahua.  A  fotnier  Cotiiiiiissioner  of  the  United  States,  employed  in  running  that  line,  pursuant  to  the  treaty  of  Guadaloupe  Hidalgo,  made  a  serious  mistake  in  determin determining  ing determining  the  initial  point  on  the  Rio  Grande  ;  but,  inasmuch  as  his  decision  was  clearly  a  departure  from  the  directions  for  tracing  the  boundary  contained  in  that  treaty,  and  was  not  concurred  in  by  a  surveyor  appointed  on  the  part  of  the  United  States,  whose  concurrence  was  necessary  to  give  va validity  lidity validity  to  that  derision,  this  Government  is  not  concluded  thereby;  but  that  of  Mexico  takes  a  different  view  of  the  sub'  ect,  There  are  also  other  questions  of  considerable  magnitude  pending  between  the  two  republics.  Our  minister  in  Mexico  has  ample  iustructions  to  adjust  them.  Negotiations  have  been  opened,  but  sufficient  progress  has  not  been  made  therein  to  enable  me  to  speak  of  the  probable  result.  Im Impressed  pressed Impressed  with  the  importance  of  maintaining  amicable  rela relation  tion relation  with  that  Republic,  and  yielding  with  liberality  to  all  her  just  claims,  it  is  reasonable  to  expect  that  an  arrange arrangement  ment arrangement  mutually  satisfactory  to  both  countries  may  be  con concluded,  cluded, concluded,  and  a  lasting  friendship  between  them  confirmed  and  perpetuated.  Congress  having  provided  for  a  full  mission  to  the  States  of  Central  America,  a  minister  was  sent  thither  in  July  last,  As  yet  he  has  had  time  to  visit  only  one  of  these  States,  (Nicaragua,)  where  he  was  received  in  the  most  friendly  manner.  It  is  hoped  that  his  presence  and  good  offices  wll  have  a  benign  effect  in  composing  the  dissentious  which  prevail  among  them,  and  in  establishing  still  more  intimate  and  friendly  relations  between  them  respectively,  and  be between  tween between  each  of  them  and  the  United  States.  Considering  the  vast  regions  of  this  continent,  and  the  number  of  States  which  would  be  made  accessible  by  the  free  navigation  of  the  river  Amazon,  particular  attention  has  been  given  to  this  subject.  Brazil,  through  whose  territories  it  passes  into  the  ocean,  has  hitherto  persisted  in  a  policy  so  restrictive,  in  regard  to  the  use  of  this  river,  as  to  obstruct,  and  nearly  exclude,  foreign  commercial  inter intercourse  course intercourse  with  the  States  which  lie  upon  its  tributaries  and  upper  branches.  Our  minister  to  that  country  is  instructed  to  obtain  a  relaxation  of  that  policy,  and  to  use  his  efforts  to  induce  the  Brazilian  government  to  open  to  common  use,  under  proper  safeguards,  this  great  natural  highway  for  international  trade.  Several  of  the  South  American  States  are  deeply  interested  in  this  attempt  to  secure  the  free  navigation  of  the  Amazon,  and  it  is  reasonable  to  expect  their  co-operation  in  the  measure.  As  the  advantages  of  free  commercial  intercourse  among  nations  are  better  under understood,  stood, understood,  more  liberal  views  are  generally  entertained  as  to  the  com common  mon common  rights  of  all  to  the  free  use  of  those  means  which  nature  has  provided  for  international  communication.  To  these  moral,  liberal,  and  enlightened  views,  it  is  hoped  that  Brazil  will  conform  her  policy,  and  remove  all  unnecessary  restric restrictions  tions restrictions  upon  the  free  use  of  a  river  which  traverses  so  many  states,  and  so  large  a  portion  of  the  continent.  lam  happy  to  inform  you  that  the  republic  of  Paraguay  and  the  Argen Argentine  tine Argentine  Confederation,  have  yielded  to  the  liberal  policy  still  resisted  by  Brazil,  in  regard  to  the  navigable  rivers  within  their  respective  territories.  Treaties  embracing  this  subject  among  others  have  been  negotiated  with  these  governments,  which  will  be  submitted  to  the  senate  at  the  present  session.  A  new  branch  of  commerce,  important  to  the  agricultural  interests  of  the  United  States,  has,  within  a  few  years  past,  been  opened  with  Peru.  Notwithstanding  the  inexhaustible  deposits  of  guano  upon  the  islands  of  that  country,  conside considerable  rable considerable  difficulties  are  experienced  in  obtaining  the  requisite  supply.  Measures  have  been  taken  to  remove  these  difficul difficulties,  ties, difficulties,  and  to  secure  a  more  abundant  importation  of  the  ar article.  ticle. article.  Unfortunately  there  has  been  a  serious  collision  be between  tween between  our  citizens,  who  have  resorted  to  Chincha  islands  for  it,  and  the  Peruvian  authorities  stationed  there.  Redress  for  the  outrages  committed  by  the  latter  was  promptly  demanded  by  our  minister  at  Lima.  This  subject  is  now  under  con consideration,  sideration, consideration,  and  there  is  reason  to  believe  that  Peru  is  dis disposed  posed disposed  to  offer  adequate  indemnity  to  the  aggrieved  parties.  We  are  not  only  at  peace  with  all  foreign  countries,  but,  in  regard  to  political  affairs,  are  exempt  from  any  cause  of  serious  disquietude  in  our  domestic  relations,  The  controversies,  which  have  agitated  the  country  here heretofore,  tofore, heretofore,  are  passing  away  with  the  causes  which  produced  them  and  the  passions  which  they  had  awakened  ;  or,  if  any  trace  of  them  remains,  it  may  be  reasonably  hoped  that  it  will  only  be  perceived  in  the  zealous  rivalry  of  all  good  citi citizens  zens citizens  to  testify  their  respct  for  the  rights  of  the  States,  their  devotion  to  the  Union,  and  their  common  determination  that  each  one  of  the  States,  its  institutions,  its  welfare,  and  its  domestic  peace  shall  be  held  alike  secure  under  the  sacred  aegis  of  the  Constitution.  This  new  league  of  amity  and  of  mutual  confi confidence  dence confidence  and  support  into  which  the  people  of  the  Republic  have  entered,  happily  affords  inducement  and  opportunity  for  the  adoption  of  a  more  comprehensive  and  unembarrassed  line  of  policy  and  action,  as  to  the  great  material  interests  of  the  country,  whether  regarded  in  themselves  or  in  connection  with  the  powers  of  the  civilised  world.  The  United  States  have  continued  gradually  and  steadily  to  expand,  through  acquisitions  of  territory,  which,  how  much  soever  some  of  them  may  have  been  questioned,  are  now  universally  seen  and  admitted  to  have  been  wise  in  pnlioy,  just  in  character,  and.  great  element  in  the  actvance actvancemeht  meht actvancemeht  of  our  country,  and,  with  it,  of  the  human  race,  in  freedom,  in  prosperity,  and  in  happi  ness  .  Th  e  thi  rteen  States  have  grown  to  be  thirty-one,  with  relations  reaching  to  Europe  on  one  side,  and  on  the  other  to  the  distant  realms  of  Asia.  I  am  deeply  sensible  of  the  immense  responsibility  which  the  present  magnitude  of  the  Republic,  and  the  diversity  and  multiplicity  of  its  interests,  devolves  upon  me  ;  the  alle alleviation  viation alleviation  of  which,  so  far  as  relates  to  the  immediate  conduct  of  the  public  business  is,  first,  in  my  reliance  on  the  wisdom  and  patriotism  of  the  two  Houses  of  Congress;  and  secondly,  in  the  directions  afforded  me  by  the  principles  of  public  polity  affirmed  by  our  fathers  of  epoch  of  1798,  sanctioned  by  long  experience,  and  consecrated  anew  by  the  overwhelming  voice  of  the  people  of  the  United  States.  Recurring  to  these  principles,  which  constitute  the  organic  basis  of  union,  we  perceive  that  vast:as  the  functions  and  duties  of  the  Federal  Government,  vested  in,  or  entrusted  to,  is  three  great  departments,  the  legislative,  executive,  and  judicial,  yet  the  substantive  power,  the  popular  force,  and  the  large  capacities  for  social  and  material  development  exist  in  the  United  States,  which,  all  being  of  themselves  well  constituted  republics,  as  preceded,  so  they  alone  are  capable  of  maintaining  and  perpetuating  the  American  Union.  The  Federal  government  has  its  appropriate  line  of  action  in  the  specific  and  limited  powers  conferred  on  it  by  the  Constitution,  chiefly  as  to  those  things  in  which  the  States  have  a  common  interest  to  one  another,  and  to  foreign  governments;  w  hil  e  th  e  great  mass  of  interests  which  be belong  long belong  to  cultivated  men,  the  ordinary  business  of  life,  the  springs  of  industry,all  the  diversified  personal  and  domestic  affairs  of  society,  rest  securely  upon  the  general  reserved  powers  of  the  people  of  the  several  States.  There  is  the  effective  Democracy  of  the  nation,  and  there  the  vital  es essence  sence essence  of  its  being  and  its  greatness.  Of  the  practical  consequences  which  flow  from  the  nature  of  the  Federal  Government,  the  primary  one  is  the  duty  of  administering  with  integrity  and  fidelity  the  high  trust  reposed  in  it  by  the  Constitution,  especially  in  the  applica application  tion application  of  the  Public  Funds,  as  drawn  by  taxation  from  the  people,  ani  appropriated  to  specific  objects  by  Congress.  Hap Happily  pily Happily  I  have  no  occasion  to  suggest  any  radical  changes  in  the  financial  policy  of  the  Government.  Ours  is  almost,  if  not  absolutely,  the  solitary  power  of  Christendom,  having  a  surplus  revenue,  drawn  immediately  from  imports  on  commerce,  and  therefore  measured  by  the  spontaneous  enterprise  and  national  prosperity  of  the  coun country,  try, country,  with  such  indirect  relation  to  agriculture,  manufaqures,  and  the  products  of  the  earth  and  sea,  so  as  to  violate  no  constitutional  doctrine,  and  yet  vigorously  promote  the  ge general  neral general  welfare.  Neither  as  to  the  sources  of  the  public  trea treasure,  sure, treasure,  nor  as  to  the  manner  of  keeping  and  managing  it,  does  any  grave  controversy  now  prevail,  there  being  a  general  acquiescence  in  the  wisdom  of  the  present  system.  The  Report  of  the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury  will  exhibit  in  detail  the  state  of  the  public  finances,  and  the  condition  of  the  various  branches  of  the  public  service  administered  by  that  department  of  the  Government.  The  revenue  of  the  country,  levied  almost  insensibly  to  the  tax-payer,  goes  on  from  year  to  year,  increasing  beyond  either  the  interests  or  th  e  prospective  wants  of  the  Government.  At  the  close  of  the  fiscal  year  ending  June  30,  1852,  there  in  the  T  reasur  y  a  b  a  l  ance  of-  fourteen  million,  six  hundred  and  thirty-two  thousand,  one  hundred  and  thirty thirtysix  six thirtysix  dollars.  The  public  revenue,  for  the  fiscal  year  ending  June  30,  1853,  amounted  to  fifty-eight  million  nine  hundred  and  thirty-one  thousand,  eight  hundred  and  sixty-five  dollars  from  customs,  and  to  two  million,  four  hundred  and  five  thousand,  seven  hundred  and  eight  dollars  from  public  lands  and  other  miscellaneous  sources,  amounting  together  to  sixty-one  million,  three  hundred  and  thirty-seven  thousand,  five  hundred  and  seventy-four  dollars  '  •  while  the  public  ex expenditures  penditures expenditures  for  the  s  ame  p  er  i  o  d,  exclusive  of  payments  on  account  of  the  nublic  debt,  amounted  to  forty-three  million,  five  hundred  and  fifty-four  thousand,  two  hundred  and  sixty sixtytwo  two sixtytwo  dollars--leaving  a  balance  'of  thirty-two  million,  four  hundred  and  twenty-five  thousand,  four  hundred  and  forty fortyseven  seven fortyseven  dollars  of  receipts  above  expenditures.  This  fact,  of  increasing  surplus  in  the  Treasury,  became  the  subject  of  anxious  consideration  at  a  very  early  period  of  my  Administration,  and  the  path  of  duty  in  regard  to  it  seemed  to  me  obvious  and  clear  —namely,  first,  to  apply  the  surplus  revenue  to  the  discharge  of  the  Public  Debt,  so  far  as  it  could  judiciously  be  done  ;  and,  secondly,  to  devise  means  for  the  gradual  reduction  of  the  revenue  to  the  stan standard  dard standard  of  the  public  exigencies.  Of  these  objects  the  first  has  been  in  the  course  of  accom accomplishment  plishment accomplishment  in  a  manner  and  to  a  degree  highly  satisfactory.  The  amount  of  the  public  debt  of  all  clams  was,  on  the  4th  of  March,  1853,  sixty-nine  millions  one  hundred  and  ninety  thousand  and  thirty-seven  dollars  ;  payments  on  account  of  which  have  been  made,  since  that  period,  to  the  amount  of  twelve  millions  seven  hundred  and  three  thousand  three  hundred  and  twenty-nine  dollars—leaving  unpaid,  and  in  the  continuous  course  of  liquidation,  the  sum  of  fifty-six  millions  four  hundred  and  eighty-six  thousand  seven  hun hundrad  drad hundrad  and  eight  dollars.  These  payments,  although  made  at  the  market  price  of  the  respective  classes  of  stocks,  have  been  effected  readily,  and  to  the  general  advantage  of  the  Treasury,  and  have  at  the  same  time  proved  of  signal  utility  iu  the  relief  they  have  incidentally  afforded  to  the  money  market,  and  to  the  industrial  and  commercial  pursuits  of  the  co  entry.  The  second  of  the  _above,mentioned  objects,  that  of  the  tariff,  is  of  that  importance,  and  the  plan  suggested  by  the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury,  which  is  to  reduce  the  duties  on  certain  articles;  and  to  add  to  the  free  lists  many  articles  now  taxed  ;  arid  espedialiy  such  0  enter  in,nianufactures,  and  are  not  largely,  or  at  all,  piodtided  in  the  country,  is  commended  to  your  candid  and  careful  consideration.  You  will  find  in  the  Report  of  the  Secretary  of  the  Trea Treasury,  sury, Treasury,  also,  abundant  proof  of  the  entire  adequacy  of  the  present  fiscal  system  to  meet  all  the  requirements  of  the  public  service,  and  that,  while  properly  administered,  it  operates  to  the  advantage  of  the  community  in  ordinary  business  relations.  I  respectfully  ask  your  attention  to  sundry  suggestions  of  improvements  in  the  settlement  of  accounts  j  especially  as  regards  the  large  sums  of  outstanding  arrears  due  to  the  Government,  and  of  other  reforms  in  the  administrative  action  of  his  department,  which  are  indicated  by  the  sec secretary;  retary; secretary;  as  also  to  the  progress  made  in  the  construction  of  Marine  Hospitals,  Custom-houses,  and  of  a  new  Mint  in  California,  and  Assay  Office  in  the  City  of  New  York,  here heretofore  tofore heretofore  provided  for  by  Congress  ;  and  also  the  eminently  successful  progress  of  the  Coast  Survey,  and  of  the  Light Lighthouse  house Lighthouse  Board.  Among  the  objects  meriting  your  attention  will  be  impor important  tant important  recommendations  from  tihe  Secretaries  of  War  and  Navy.  lam  fully  satisfied  t(hat  the  navy  of  the  United  States  is  not  in  a  condition  of  strength  and  efficiency  com commensurate  mensurate commensurate  with  the  magnitude  of  your  commercial  and  other  interests  ;  and  commend  to  your  especial  attention  the  sug suggestions  gestions suggestions  on  this  subject  made  by  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy.  I  respectfully  submit  that  the  army,  which,  under  our  sys system,  tem, system,  must  always  be  regarded  with  the  highest  interest,  as  a  nucleus  around  which  the  volunteer  forces  of  the  nation  gather  in  the  hour  of  danger,  requires  augmentation  or  mo modification,  dification, modification,  to  adapt  it  to  the  present  extended  limits  and  frontier  relations  of  the  country,  and  the  conditions  of  the  Indian  tribes  in  the  interior  of  the  continent  ;  the  necessity  , STYLE=superscript  of  which  will  appear  in  the  communications  of  the  Secre Secretaries  taries Secretaries  of  War  and  the  Interior.  In  the  administration  of  the  Post-office  department  for  the  fiscal  year  ending  June  30,  1853,  the  gross  expenditure  was  seven  million  nine  hundred  and  eighty-two  thousand  seven  hundred  and  fifty-six  dollars  ;  and  the  gross  receipts,  during  the  same  period,  five  million  nine  hundred  and  forty-two  thousand  seven  hundred  and  thirty-four  dollars;  showing  that  the  current  revenue  failed  to  meet  the  current  expenses  of  the  department  by  the  sum  of  two  million  forty-two  thou thousand  sand thousand  and  thirty-two  dollars.  The  causes  which,  under  the  present  postal  system  and  laws,  led  inevitably  to  this  result,  are  fully  explained  by  the  report  of  the  Postmaster-General;  one  great  cause  being  the  enormous  rates  the  department  has  been  compelled  to  pay  for  mail  service  rendered  by  rail railroad  road railroad  companies.  During  the  last  fiscal  year,  nine  million,  eight  hundred  and  nineteen  thousand,  four  hundred  and  eleven  acres  of  the  public  lands  have  been  surveyed,  and  ten  million,  three  hundred  and  sixty-three  thousand  eight  hundred  and  ninety ninetyone  one ninetyone  acres  brought  into  market.  Within  the  same  period  the  sales  by  public  purchase  And  private  entry  amounted  to  one  million,  eighty-three  thousand,  four  hundred  and  ninety-five  acres  ;  located  under  military  bounty  land  war warrants,  rants, warrants,  six  million,  one  hundred  and  forty-two  thousand  three  hundred  and  sixty  acres  ;  located  under  other  certificates,  nine  thousand  four  hundrel  and  twenty-seven  acres;  ceded  to  the  State  as  swamp-lands,  sixteen  million  six  hundred  and  eighty-four  thousand  two  hundred  and  fifty-three  acres  ;  selected  for  railroad  and  other  objects,  under  acts  of  Con Congress,  gress, Congress,  one  million  four  hundre  i  and  twenty  seven  thousand,  four  hundred  and  fifty-seven  acres.  Total  amount  of  lands  disposed  of  within  the  fiscal  year,  twenty-five  million  three  hundred  and  forty-six  thousand  nine  hundred  and  ninety-two  acres—which  is  an  increase  in  quantity  sold  and  located  under  land  warrants  and  grants,  of  twelve  million  two  hundred  and  thirty-one  thousand  eight  hundred  and  eighteen  acres  over  the  fiscal  year  immediately  preced preceding.  ing. preceding.  The  quantity  of  land  sold  during  the  second  and  third  quarters  of  1852,  was  three  hundred  and  thirty-four  thou thousand  sand thousand  four  hundred  and  fifty  one  acres.  The  amount  re received  ceived received  therefore,  was  six  hundred  and  twenty-three  thousand  six  hundred  and  eighty-seven  dollars.  The  quantity  sold  the  second  and  third  quarters  of  the  year  1853,  was  one  million  six  hundred  and  nine  thousand  nine  hundred  and  nineteen  acres  ;  and  the  amount  received  therefore,  two  million  two  hundred  and  twenty  six  thousand  eight  hundred  and  sevt  nty  six  dol  ars.  You  will  perceive,  from  the  report  of  the  Secretary  of  the  interior,  that  opinions,  which  have  often  been  expressed  in  relation  to  the  operation  of  the  land  system,  as  not  being  a  soiree  of  revenue  to  the  Federal  Treasury,  were  erroneous.  The  net  profits  from  the  sale  of  the  public  lands  to  June  30,  1853,  amounted  to  the  sum  of  fifty-three  million  two  hun hund-ed  d-ed hund-ed  and  eighty-nine  thousand  four  hundred  and  sixty-five  dollars.  I  recommend  the  extension  of  the  land  system  over  the  Territories  of  Utah  and  New-Mexico,  with  such  modifica modifications  tions modifications  as  their  peculiarities  may  require.  Congress,  representing  the  proprietors  of  the  territorial  domain,  and  charged  especially  with  power  to  dispose  of  territory  belonging  to  the  United  States,  has,  for  a  long  course  of  years,  beginning  with  the  administration  of  Mr.  Jefferson,  exercised  the  power  to  construct  roads  within  the  territories,  and  numerous  applications  have  been,  and  no  d&amp;ubt  will  continue  to  be  made  for  grants  for  land,  in  aid  of  tho  .1:.-..d  intent  and  meaninF  of  die  Constitution,  that  the  power  to  dispose  of  the  public  domain  should  be  used  otherwise  than  might  be  expected  from  a  prudent  proprietor,  and,  therefore,  that  grants  of  land  to  aid  in  he  construction  of  roads  should  be  restricted  to  cases  where  it  would  be  for  the  interest  of  a  proprietor,  under  like  circumstances,  thus  to  contribute  to  the  construction  of  these  works.  For  the  practical  opera operation  tion operation  of  such  grants  thus  far,  in  advancing  the  interests  of  the  States  in  which  the  works  are  located,  and  at  the  same  time  the  substantial  interests  of  all  the  other  States,  by  en enhancing  hancing enhancing  the  value  and  promoting  the  rapid  sale  of  the  public  domain,  I  refer  you  to  the  report  of  the  Secretary  of  the  Interior.  I  commend  to  your  favorable  consideration  the  men  of  genius  of  our  country,  who  by  their  inventions  and  dis discoveries  coveries discoveries  in  science  and  art,  have  contributed  largely  to  the  improvements  of  the  age,  without  in  many  instances,  secur securing  ing securing  for  themselves  anything  like  an  adequate  re  card.  The  present  judicial  system  of  the  United  States  has  now  been  in  operation  for  so  long  a  period  of  time,  and  has,  in  its  general  theory  and  much  of  its  details,  become  so  familiar  to  the  country,  and  acquired  so  entirely  the  public  confi confidence,  dence, confidence,  that  if  modified  in  any  respect,  it  should  only  be  in  those  particulars  which  may  adapt  it  to  the  increased  extent,  population,  and  legal  business  of  the  United  States.  In  this  relation,  the  organisation  of  the  courts  is  now  confessedly  in inadequate  adequate inadequate  to  the  duties  to  be  performed  by  them,  i  n  consequence  of  which,  the  states  of  Florida,  Wisconsin,  lowa,  Texas,  and  California,  and  districts  of  other  states,  are  in  efect  excluded  from  the  full  benefits  of  the  general  sys system,  tem, system,  by  the  functions  of  the  circuit  court  being  devolved  on  the  district  judges  in  all  those  states,  or  parts  of  states.  The  spirit  of  the  constitution,  and  a  due  regard  to  justice,  require  that  all  the  states  in  the  Union  should  be  placed  on  the  same  footing,  in  regard  to  the  judicial  tribunals.  I  therefore  commend  to  your  consideration  this  important  sub subject,  ject, subject,  which,  in  my  judgment,  demands  the  speedy  action  of  Congress.  I  will  present  to  you,  if  deemed  desirable,  a  plan  which  I  am  prepared  to  recommend,  fot  the  enlargement  and  modification  of  the  present  judicial  system.  I  have  omitted  to  ask  your  favorable  consideration  for  the  estimate  of  works  of  a  local  character  in  twenty-seven  of  the  thirty-one  States,  amounting  to  one  million  seven  hundred  and  fifty-four  thousand  five  hundred  dollars,  because,  inde independently  pendently independently  of  the  grounds  which  have  so  often  been  urged  against  the  application  of  the  Federal  Revenue  for  works  of  th  s  character,  inequality  with  consequent  injustice  is  i  , STYLE=superscript  herent  in  the  nature  of  the  proposition,  and  because  the  plan  has  proved  entirely  inadequate  to  the  accomplishment  of  the  objects  sought.  The  subject  of  mental  improvements,  claiming  alike  the  interest  and  good  will  of  all,  has,  nevertheless  been  the  subject  of  much  political  discussion,  and  has  stood  as  a  deep  graven  line  of  division  between  statesmen  of  great  ability  and  patriotism.  The  rule  of  strict  construction  of  all  pow powers  ers powers  delegated  by  the  States  to  the  General  Government,  has  arrayed  itself,  from  time  to  time,  against  the  rapid  progress  of  expenditure  from  the  National  Treasury,  on  works  el  a  character  within  the  States.  Memorable  as  an  epoch  in  the  history  of  this  subject  is  the  Message  of  General  Jack Jackson,  son, Jackson,  of  the  27th  May,  1830,  which  met  the  system  of  internal  improvements  in  its  comparative  infancy;  but  so  rapid  had  been  its  growth,  that  the  projected  appropriations  in  that  year,  for  works  of  this  character,  had  risen  to  the  alarming  amount  of  more  than  one  hundred  millions  of  dollars.  In  that  Message  the  President  admitted  the  - STYLE=superscript  difficulty  of  bringing  back  the  operations  of  the  Government  to  the  con construction  struction construction  of  the  Constitution,  set  up  in  1798,  and  marked  it  as  an  admonitory  proof  of  the  necessity  of  guarding  that  instrument  with  sleepless  vigilance  ag  a  i  ns  t  th  e  authority  of  'preced  ents,  which  had  not  the  sanction  of  its  most  plainly  defined  powers.  Without  perceiving  any  sound  distinction,  or  intending  to  assert  any  principle  as  opposed  to  improvements  needed  for  the  protection  of  internal  commerce,  which  does  not  equally  apply  to  improvements  upon  the  seaboard  for  the  protection  of  foreign  commerce,  I  submit  to  you  whether  it  may  not  be  safely  anticipated  that,  if  th  e  policy  were  once  settled  against  appropriations  by  the  General  Government  for  local  improvements  for  the  benefit  of  commerce,  localities  requir requiring  ing requiring  expenditures  would  not,  by  modes  and  means  clearly  legitimate  and  proper,  raise  the  fund  necessary  for  such  con construction  struction construction  as  the  safety  or  other  interests  of  their  commerce  might  require.  If  that  can  be  regaaded  as  a  system  which,  in  the  exPe exPerience  rience exPerience  of  more  than  thirty  years,  has  at  no  time  so  commanded  the  public  judgment  as  to  give  it  the  character  of  a  settled  policy—which,.though  it  has  produced  some  works  of  con conceded  ceded conceded  importance,  has  been  attended  with  an  expenditure  quite  disproportionate  to  their  value—and  has  resulted  in  squandering  large  sums  upon  objects  which  have  answered  no  valuable  purpose  —the  interests  of  all  the  States  require  it  to  be  abandoned,  unless  hopes  may  be  indulged  for  the  future  which  find  no  warrant  for  the  past.  With  an  anxious  desire  for  thr  completion  of  the  works  which  are  regarded  by  all  good  citizens  with  sincere  in interest,  terest, interest,  I  have  deemed  it  my  duty  to  ask  at  your  hands  a  deliberate  reconsideration  of  the  question  with  a  hope  that,  animated  by  a  desire  to  promote  the  permanent  and  sub substantial  stantial substantial  interests  of  the  country,  your  wisdom  may  prove  equal  to  the  task  of  devising  and  maturing  a  plan,  which,  applied  to  this  subject,  may  promise  something  better  than."
