text
"Will  be  despatched  on  the  25th  instant..:  FOR  SHANGHAI  (DIRECT),  100  . STYLE=superscript  k‘  The  fine-built  British  Barque  fiatittal  JAMES  SCOTT,  Captain  PITT;  340  tons;  A  I  at  Lloyd's  for  twelve  years;  is  just  - STYLE=superscript  now  being  thoroughly  overhauled  and  coppered.  This  vessel  is  well  known  in  the  China  trade  for  making  rapid  passages  and  delivering  her  cargoes  in  first-rate  order.—  For  further  particulars,  apply  to  Messrs.  Byers,  Walker,  and  Byers;  or  to  W.  0.  YOUNG,  19,  Dale-street,  Liverpool  ;  54,  Cross-street,  Manchester;  Sun-court,  Comhill,  London.  Scotch  Irish..  (BEFORE  MR.  H.  HORNBY.)  A  DEAD  LIFT.—Mrs.  Catherine  Kermode,  residing  at  1,  Gregory-place,  Gerard  -street,  charged  a  stout  looking  fellow,  named  Bartholomew  Cooke,  with  having  picked  her  pocket  of  a  purse  and  a  shilling,  under  the  following  strange  circumstances.  The  complainant  was  attending  a  funeral  in  St.  John's  Church-yard,  and  was  standing  close  to  the  grave  whilst  the  coffin  was  being  covered  in.  She  felt  some  one  push  her  from  behind,  but  did  not  suspect  anything  wrong  on  such  an  occasion.  The  pres pressure  sure pressure  continued,  and  she  was  nearly  pushed  into  the  grave.  She  then  turned  round,  and  felt  the  prisoner  at  her  pocket,  and  at  the  same  moment,  several  bystanders  observed  the  prisoner  take  the  purse.  He  was  seized,  and  the  property  found  upon  him.  He  was  then  given  into  custody,  and  but  fur  the  interference  of  some  humane  persons  who  were  at  the  funeral,  the  probability  was,  that  the  prisoner  would  himself  have  been  made  a  subject  for  a  grave.  The  prisoner  said  he  was  hungry,  (he  had  neither  the  appearance  of  hunger  nor  want,  for  he  was  well  dressed),  and  could  not  get  any  thing  to  do.  He  would  go  into  the  army,  navy,  or  any  other  mortal  (Laughter.)  Ile  was  strong  and  willing  to  fight  for  his  Queen  and  country,  and  he  had  the  courage  of  a  lion.  (Loud  laughter.)  The  magistrate  said  the  army  would  be  disgraced  by  such  a  fellow.  The  prisoner  was  committed  for  trial.  CHARGE  AGAINST  A  SHOPMAN.—A  young  man  of  highly  respectable  appearance,  and  dressed  in  fashion fashionable  able fashionable  attire,  who  gave  his  name  as  Henry  Johnston,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  quantity  of  candles,  lard,  oil,  and  other  articles  of  grocery,  belonging  to  Mr.  Hugh  Plat,  grocer,  Scotland-road.  It  appeared  that  some  time  before  Christmas,  the  prisoner  was  employed  to  assist  in  the  shop  of  the  complainant,  and  that  in  consequence  of  something  which  Mrs.  Plat  told  her  husband,  the  lodgings  of  the  prisoner  were  searched,  and  the  property  named  which  the  prosecutor  alleged  had  been  stolen  from  his  shop,  was  found  there.  In  reply  to  Mr.  Bluck,  who  appeared  for  the  prisoner,  the  complainant  said  the  prisoner  was  only  engaged  temporarily  before  Christmas.  He  owed  him  about  30s,  and  the  prisoner  called  for  the  amount.  Mr.  Bluck  examined  the  wit witness  ness witness  at  some  length,  and  then  produced  a  lady  named,  Mrs.  Barr,  who  resides  at  41,  Edmund-street,  Park,  where  the  prisoner  lodged,  and  she  stated  that  some  of  the  things  now  produced  belonged  to  her,  and  were  purchased  with  her  money.  She  knew  the  prisoner  for  six  months,  and  he  was  a  respectable  young  mar.  The  magistrate  said  it  was  a  case  of  suspicion  only,  but  he  could  not  act  on  suspicion,  and  therefore  the  prisoner  must  be  discharged.  SAD  CASE.—A  very  handsome  young  girl  (about  nine nineteen  teen nineteen  years  of  age),  whose  name  appeared  on  the  sheet  as  Louisa  Montague  —no  doubt  a  fictitious  one—was  charged  with  stealing  £2  5s  from  a  Miss  Thompson,  of  29,  Finch-street,  and  also  some  wearing  apparel  belong belonging  ing belonging  to  a  young  woman,  named  Anne  Wilkinson,  who  lives  with  Thompson.  The  story  of  the  complainant  was  this—The  prisoner  (they  said),  called  at  the  house  on  Saturday  night,  and  asked  to  remain.  They  allowed  her  -to  do  so,  and  on  Wednesday  she  left,  taking  the  money  from  a  drawer,  in  which  Thompson  had  put  it,  telling  the  prisoner  at  the  time,  she  was  about  to  send  it  into  Yorkshire.  She  also  took  the  clothes  belonging  to  Wilkinson,  and  nearly  all  the  money,  and  the  clothes  were  found  in  the  possession  of  the  prisoner,  who  was  about  proceeding  to  Dublin.  The  prisoner  said  she  had  been  in  ,Liverpool  about  ten  weeks,  h  av  i  ng  b  een  i  nduced  to  come  there  by  a  peison  from  Dublin,  but  she  got  disgusted  with  her  habits  of  living,  and  resolved  to  return  to  her  friends  in  Dublin.  She  admitted  having  taken  the  money  and  clothes,  lint  she  intended  remitting  the  amount  from  Dublin,  as  her  friends  were  respect respectable,  able, respectable,  and  would  assist  her.  The  prisoner,  who  wept  bitterly  all  the  time  she  was  before  the  court,  was  remanded  for  seven  days  (BEFORE  MR  MANSFIELD)  DETAINING  A  SAILOR'S  NOTE.—Sarah  Dunne,  the  wife  of  a  sailor,  summoned  Anne  Williams  for  detaining  her  husband's  pay-note.  Mr.  Chilton  attended  for  the  com complainant,  plainant, complainant,  and  Mr.  Bluck  appeared  for  the  defendant.  The  case  was  this  :—The  husband  of  complainant  went  to  sea  in  June  last,  leaving.  her  his  pay-note  to  draw  half  his  wages,  £2  10s.  a  month,  whilst  he  was  away.  The  defendant  was  in  the  habit  of  advancing  money  on  the  deposit  of  the  note.  A  dispute  had  arisen  with  respect  to  the  account  between  the  parties,  the  complainant  alleging  that  she  paid  all  the  loans  to  the  defendant,  the  latter  maintaining  the  contrary,  and  detaining  the  note  as  a  security.  Mr.  Bluck  contended  that  under  the  sth  and  6th  Vic.,  chap.  106,  sec.  304,  the  case  could  not  be  decided  in  that  court.  Mr.  Mansfield  was  of  the  same  opinion,  and  dismissed  the  case.  THE  BOLD  DRAGOONS.—  Henry  Quick  and  Charles  Jones,  two  of  Sir  John  Gerard's  yeomanry  cavalry,  and  .John  Woodcroft,  were  charged  with  being  drunk  -and  fighting  in  Leece-street.  The  police  heard  a  great  noise,  and  on  going  to  ascertain  the  cause,  they  found  the  dragoons  on  the  flags,  with  their  swords  drawn,  and  all  in  a  fighting  position.  They  were  fined  ss.  each.  MORE  FIGHTING.—Mr.  James  Mullin,  described  as  a  tea  dealer  and  poor-law  guardian,  and  Mr.  James  Ellis,  were  charged  with  fighting  in  Dale-street.  It  appeared  that  some  dispute  arose  at  a  tavern  about  the  payment  of  some  money,  and  Mr.  was  followed  out  into  the  street  by  Mr.  Mullin,  to  bring  him  back.  The  fight  arose  here,  and  Mr.  Mullin  got  the  worst  of  it,  for  both  his  eyes  were  blackened.  He  was  discharged,  and  Mr.  Ellis  fined  20s.  HOARY  OLD  SINNERS  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  TIMES.  S;r,-I  observed,  with  much  pleasure,  in  the  NORTHF.EN  '8  of  the  14th  inst.,  the  letter  signed  with  the  'leading.  I  can  assure  your  correspondent  that  be  is  not  alone  can  boar  him  out  full"
