text
"against  the  possibility  of  its  occurrence.  (Loud  cheers.)  Now  that  principle  has  been  recognised  from  the  first  in  all  discussions  and  in  all  measures  that  connect  themselves  with  the  great  Eastern  question  now  pending.  (Hear,  hear.)  But  having  made  that  recognition,  having  laid  down  that  condition,  that  it  is  not  right  that  the  absorption  by  external  force  of  the  Ottoman  Empire  into  the  dominions  of  any  European  power  should  be  permitted,  —  subject  to  that  conditton,  and  subject  to  that  condition  only,  and  what  reasonably  interpreted  it  involves  ;  her  majesty's  government  have  adopted  and  acted  on  the  principle,  it  was  their  duty,  as  I  have  said,  to  hope  against  and  beyond  hope,  but  at  all  events  so  long  as  rational  hope  manifested  itself  to  labour  for  the  maintenance  of  the  peace  of  Europe.  (Loud  applause.)  Now,  Mr.  Mayor,  that  is  what  the  government  has  really  done.  There  has  grown  up  in  Europe  of  late  years,  a  practice  of  combining  what  are  called  the  greater  powers,  for  the  settlement  of  difficulties  arising  in  particular  parts.  Now  many  benevolent  persons  have  been  most  de desirous  sirous desirous  that  a  system  of  arbitration  should  take  the  place  of  war,  with  all  its  frightful  consequences.  (Hear,  hear.)  This  is  not  the  opportunity  to  discuss  the  theory  of  those  gentleman  considered  as  a  theory,  but  it  is  an  opportunity  upon  which,  I  think  we  may  observe,  not  without  satisfaction,  that  some  degree  of  real  progress  has  actually  been  made  within  the  last  twenty  years,  in  the  history  of  Europe  towards  the  substitution  of  arbitration  for  war.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  miseries  of  war  between  Belgium  and  Holland,  were  saved  by  the  intervention  of  several  of  the  great  powers  of  Europe.  (Hear,  hear.)  Not  by  perfect  machinery—yet  by  means  of  machinery  better  than  none  at  all—that  same  influence  of  the  great  powers  was  used  for  the  purpose  of  checking  and  termmatmg  the  dissentions  and  civil  wars,  which  affected  Spain.  (Hear,  hear.)  On  other  European  questions,similar  influence  has  been  exercised  with  similar  effect.  n  the  case  of  the  Ottoman  dominions  themselves  in  the  year  1840,  the  war  between  the  Pacha  of  Egypt,  and  the  Sultan,  was  brought  to  a  termination  by  the  influence  and  agency  of  . STYLE=superscript  the  great  European  powers.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  kingdom  of  Greece,  which  one  day  we  may  live  to  see,  or  our  children  may  see,  playing  perhaps  an  honourable  part  in  the  affairs  of  Europe—that  kingdom  was  itself  relieved  from  the  desolating  scourge  of  war,  by  a  similar  action  on  the  part  of  the  great  powers  of  Europe.  (Hear,  hear.)  Well,  now,  it  is  a  great  blessing  that  so  much  of  the  road  should  be  opened.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  is  quite  clear  those  are  cases  in  which  the  effusion  of  blood  has  been  either  pre prevented,  vented, prevented,  or  at  all  events  its  continuance  has  been  shortened  by  Pacific  intervention—by  intervention  which  is  altogether  to  be  distinguished  from  the  principle  of  meddlesome  inter intervention  vention intervention  which  would  involve  us  in  perpetual  quarrels.  It  is  not  the  intervention  of  one  officious  state  undertaking  to  settle  all  the  affairs  of  our  neighbours,  but  it  is  in  the  main  the  intervention  and  agency  of  states  who  represent  a  combined  force  in  Europe  ;  and  who  have  a  right  to  say  to  Europe  with  something,  at  any  rate,  like  authority,—who  have  a  right  to  say,  particularly  to  the  corners  and  portions  of  Europe,  you  shall  not  play  such  a  game  ;  you  shall  not  prejudice  the  general  peace  ;  you  shall  not  set  us  all  by  the  ears  on  account  of  your  little  petty,  local  and  recommending  to  them  arrange arrangements  ments arrangements  which  on  the  whole  have  been  found  to  act  well  for  the  interest  and  compatibly  with  the  satisfaction  of  all  parties  interested.  (Hear,  hear.)  Well,  now  if  this—and  negoci negociation  ation negociation  is  undoubtedly  devoid  of  that  romantic  interest  wich  attaches  to  heroic  achievements  and  war;  I  fully  admit  it.  It  is  beset  and  clogged  with  delay,  and  vexation,  and  with  intrigue  and  chicane.  (Hear.)  That  is  quite  true,  but  if  the  result  is  the  saving  of  that  effusion  of  human  blood,  and  the  averting  of  the  calamity  which  would  disturb  business  and  industry,.  and  deprive  nations  of  their  subsistence,  surely  the  sacrifice  is  small,  and  surely  the  reward  is  adequate.  (Cheers  and  cries  of  Now,  Mr.  Mayor,  I  have  detained  you  much  longer—(cries  of  No,  onwards  by  your  kindness  and  indulgence,  I  have  detained  you  much  longer  in  regard  to  matters  of  foreign  policy  than  I  had  intended  (go  on).  The  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  you  must  know  in  his  official  capacity,  is  opposed  pretty  nearly  to  all  wars.  (Hear,  Hear.)  At  the  same  time,  the  present  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  in  his  official  capacity,  is  really  of  opinion  that  the  financial  arrangements—good  financial  arrange arrangements,  ments, arrangements,  are  amongst  the  most  important  preparations  for  war,  when  war  is  necessary—and  I  frankly  own,  so  far  as  fin finance  ance finance  is  concerned,  I  really  do  not  think  England  has  been  efthn  better  prepared  for  war  than  at  this  instant.  (Great  applause.)  Matters  have  been  reduced  to  a  state  of  simplicity,  and  as  I  adverted  to  certain  persons  who  were  more  anxious  for  a  resort  to  arms  than  I  could  wish,  I  really  suppose  that  those  gentlemen  are  so  satisfied  with  the  present  legislature  acceptance  of  the  Income  Tax  by  the  mass  of  the  people,  and  it  being  embodied  in  an  act  of  Parliament  for  seven  years— yearsthey  they yearsthey  thought  it  would  be  very  convenient  indeed  to  introduce  a  bill  which  might  double  the  income  tax.  (Hear,  hear,  and  laughter.)  Doubling  the  income  tax  is  a  very  simple  oper operation  ation operation  I  assure  you,  so  far  as  the  House  of  Commons  is  con concerned.  cerned. concerned.  (Great  laughter.)  About  12  months  ago,  we  heard  much  of  another  measure  that  promised  a  good  deal  of  money,  namely  doubling  the  house  tax.  (Hear,  hear,  and  Laughter.)  Perhaps  it  is  possible  there  may  be  a  portion  of  the  community—  I  do  not  think  a  larger  portion—with  whom  this  measure  has  also  become  very  popular.  (Laughter.)  At  any  rate,  gentlemen,  I  assure  you  it  is  not  in  my  seperate  capacity,  as  peculiarly  charged  with  the  res responsibility  ponsibility responsibility  for  the  state  of  the  public  finances,  that  T  appearafn  -war  Tt  is  boewrisa  , STYLE=superscript  ava  fin  , STYLE=superscript  .  nil  of  us.  thu  of  the  Crown,  necessarily  responsible,  one  and  all,  on  this  great  and  vital  subject  of  European  policy,  and  be because  cause because  whether  as  a  minister,  as  a  christian,  or  as  a  man,  I  Cannot  but  entertain  from  the  bottom  of  my  heart,  the  feel feeling  ing feeling  I  have  expressed,  and  moreover,  expressed  my  perfect  confidence  that  those  are  the  principles  on  which  the  Govern Government  ment Government  will  endeavour,  as  you  have  stated,  to  secure  the  honour  of  the  crown,  and  the  best  interests  of  this  country.  (Cheers.)  Now,  Mr.  Mayor  and  gentlemen,  with  respect  to  domestic  policy,  I  need  not  detain  you  long,  for  the  subject  of  greatest  interest  in  connection  with  domestic  policy  is  that  subject  on  which  Manchester  has  spoken  to-day  mor  e  audibly  and  more  emphatically  than  any  man  or  any  com  munity  can  speak  by  mere  words.  (Hear,  hear.)  We  have  happily  reached  a  time  when  argument  and  statement  are  alike  needless  in  regard  to  the  principles  which  ought  to  regulate  our  financial  and  commercial  legislation.  (Hear,  hear.)  In  accepting,  with  the  warmest  thanks,  the  expres expression  sion expression  of  your  approval  which  has  been  accorded  to  the  efforts  of  Government  and  of  public  men,  and  of  parliaments,  during  recent  years,  I  am  well  aware—and  the  addresses  I  had  the  gratification  to  receive,  would  have  made  me  of  themselves  aware--4hat  naturally  and  properly.  you  look'  not  to  the  past  only,  but  likewise  to  the  future.  (Hear,  hear.)  Much  has  been  achieved  ;  but  in  the  vast  and  ever  extending  concerns  of  this  mighty  empire,  as  far  as  my  own  experience  goes,  I  should  say  that  the  more  active  in  each  successive  year  Par Parliament  liament Parliament  becomes  in  its  works  of  legislation,  not  less  but  more  still  remains  to  do.  (Hear,  hear.)  New  social  wants  are  developed,  new  improvements  suggested.  It  is  a  blessed  career,  the  career  of  wise  and  cautious  but  vigorous  improve improvement  ment improvement  (hear,  hear)  ;  and  to  that  career  in  the  transaction  of  public  business,  I  do  not  believe  that  a  termination  can  be  fi  xe  d.  (Applause.)  Now,  with  respect  to  the  present,  I  will  venture  to  say  this  one  word.  We  have  really  reason  for  gratification,  as  Mr.  Bazley  has  well  said,  in  the  state  of  the  revenue  which  has  just  been  declared.  There  is  an  apparent  increase  in  the  quarter's  revenue,  of  about  £400,000,  as  com compared  pared compared  with  the  corresponding  quarter  of  1852,  which  was  like likewise  wise likewise  a  period  of  great  prosperity.  (Hear,  hear.)  A  strict  analysis  of  that  quarter's  account,  I  am  bound  to  say,  would  make  a  considerable  diminution  in  that  apparent  increase,  but  still  it  remains  true,  that  in  the  revenue  of  the  country  there  is  a  real  increase  on  the  quarter  of  the  year.  (Hear,  hear.)  Now,  that  I  venture  to  submit  is,  under  the  circum circumstances,  stances, circumstances,  a  most  gratifying  fact,  and  for  this  particular  reason  :  during  the  session  of  parliament,  we  repealed  taxation  with  no  sparing  hand.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  address  of  the  Chamber  of  Commerce  states  that  that  body  would  be  very  - STYLE=superscript  well  pleased  if  the  silk  duty,  and  certain  deferential  duties  had  been  swept  away,  and  if  the  wine  duty  had  been  reduced.  They  say  they-would  have  been  very  well  pleased  f  that  had  been  done.  My  answer  is—so  should  I.  (Laughter  and  cheers.)  But  at  the  same  time  I  say  we  must  see  that  such  a  reduction  is  consistent  with  the  exigen exigencies  cies exigencies  of:  the  state,  and  we  must  fix  such  limits,  to  every  reduction  or  modification  of  taxation  as  will  ensure  to  the  public  the  immense  benefit  and  advantage,  which  is  a  security  and'  a  strength  almost  indescribable;  the  certainty,  as  nearly  as  human  foresight  can  secure  it,  of  a  surplus  in  the  public  revenue.  (Hear,  hear,  hear.)  But  this  so  hap happens,  pens, happens,  with  no  sparing  hand  did  parliament  repeal  taxation  during  last  year,  I  think  the  repeal  of  taxes  already  it  operation,  passes  the  sum  of  two  millions.  We  proposed  tc  provide  for  that  deficiency  from  three  sources,  one  was  the  augmentation  of  the  spirit  duties  in  Scotland  and  Ireland;  the  second  was  the  extension  of  the  Income  Tax,  in  certain  respects  ;  and  the  third  was  the  succession  duties.  Now  at  the  present  moment  we  have  derived,  I  think,  the  mere  trifling  drop  in  the  water  of  £lO,OOO  or  £12,000  from  the  extension  of  the  income  tax.  We  have  not  derived,  up  to  the  present  moment,  in  consequence  of  the  delay  necessarily  attending  the  transaction  of  business,  one  farthing  yet  from  the  new  law,  regarding  the  succession  duties.  The  spirit  duties  alone  have  been  in  operation,  and  it  is  upon  that  account  gentlemen  I  would  point  out  to  you  that  when  you  consider  almost  the  whole  of  our  reduction  of  taxes  has  taken  full  effect,  and  then  on  the  other  hand  the  principal  sources  to  which  we  look  to  supply  the  defect  are  not  practically  in  operation  —you  will  agree  with  me  that,  under  these  circumstances,  the  increase  ofre  venue  in  the  quarter  is  a  most  gratifying  indication  of  the  strength  of  the  country.  (Hear,  hear.)  That  is  the  case  with  reference  to  the  pros prosperity  perity prosperity  of  the  country  which  is  indicated  by  the  revenue  of  the  quarter.  Bnt  there  is  a  reference,  I  think,  in  the  ad address  dress address  of  the  Chamber  of  Commerce  to  the  paper  duty.  (Se (Several  veral (Several  gentlemen,  no,  It  is  in  the  proceedings  of  the  Council;  I  beg  pardon;  my  memory  failed  me.  But,  gentlemen,  I  will  venture  to  tell  you,  although  it  is  a  confession  which  works  against  myself,  that  when  public  curiosity  is  excited  with  reference  to  any  measure  that  may,  in  a  future  session,  be  adopted,  you  cannot  possibly  have  a  more  inconvenient  or  impracticable  a  guest  than  a  Chan Chancellor  cellor Chancellor  of.  the  Exchequer.  (Laughter.)  The  gentlemen  holding  other  offices  under  the  crown  can  ordinarily  enter  into  tolerably  free  discussion,  and  may  announce  their  in intention  tention intention  to  introduce  this  measure  or  that  measure  in  the  next  session  of  Parliament.  But  although  I  never  felt  more  disposed  in  my  life  to  depart  even  from  what  I  consider  a  most  salutary  rule  ;  yet,  still,  I  am  sorry  to  say  that  the  lips  of  a  man  who  holds  my  unfortunate  situation  are  always  hermeti hermetically  cally hermetically  sealed,  until  the  particular  day,  hour,  and  moment  arrive,  when  it  is  his  duty  to  rise  in  the  House  of  Commons,  and  bring  forward  what  is  called  the  budget.  (Rear,  hear,"
