text
"some  other  moneys.  The  prisoner  had  stated  to  me  that  he  had  a  large  sum  of  money  out  at  interest,  which  he  would  call  in,  when-he  should  _be  enabled  to,pay  me  and  others.  This  was  not  correct,  as  he  has  since  ;old  me.  By  Mr.  WHEELER  —The  body  of  the  bill  produced  is  in  the  hand  writing  of  a  person  named  Shalcross  who  was  for  many  years  a  traveller  for  the  prisozer.  I  and  others  have  searched  for  this  Shelcross,  but  have  not  been  enabled  to  find  him—we  only  heard  of  him.  Other  witnesses  were  called,.  ,rho  spoke  to  not  having  been  enabled  to  find  the  person  of  Thomas  Morris,  of  Tarvin.  MS  LORDSHIP,  after  hearing  a  few  remarks  from  the  counsel  for  the  prosecution,  as  to  the  nature  of  the  evidence  adduced,  said  he  could  not  see  that  there  was  any  evidence  on  which  to  send  the  case  to  the  jury.  There  was  no  evi evidence  dence evidence  to  prove  that  he  had  forged  the  bill,  or  that  he  had  uttered  it  with  a  guilty  knowledge;  he  might  have  received  it  from  the  person  Shalcross,  'innocently,  and  directed  the  jury  to  acquit  the  prisoner,  conceiving  it  to  be  his  duty  to  do  so—as  it  was  a  point  of  law  that  was  involved.  The  prisoner's  counsel  said  he  had  witnesses  to  character,  and  that  he  should  have  been  enabled  to  prove  that  his  client  had  been  ruined  by  the  schemes  of  Shalcross.  There  was  a  second  charge,  but  as  the  evidence  would  have  been  precisely  the  same,  his  Lordship  also  directed  au  acquittal,  and  the  prisoner  Was  immediately  discharged.  THE  DYERS'  STRIKE  AT  MANCHESTER.  Robert  Snaps  stood  indicted  with  having  on  the  2nd  of  August  last,  stabbed,  cut,  and  wounded  Mr.  'Crompton,  of  the  parish  of  Pendleton,  with  intent  to,  do  him  some  bodily  harm.  Mr.  J.  CROSS,  conducted  the  prosecution,  and  the  prisoner  was  defended  by  Mr.  P.  WHEELER.  Mr,  James  Cronipton  :  I  am  a  dyer  at  Pendleton,  Where  my  dye-works  are.  In  the  month  of  August  last  there  was  a  strike  amongst  the  dyers  of  Manchester.  My  men  were  at  their  work  in  my  place.  About  half-past  frie  o'clock  on  that  afternoon  I  saw  five  or  six  persons  running  towards  me.  The  prisoner  was  one  of  them;  They  had  sticks  as  thick  as  my  urn  in  their  hands.  Before  they  got  up  to  me  they  said,  Here'  the  devil  and  began  to  strike  me  with  their  sticks  in  all  parts  of  my  body.  The  prisoner  said— 'said'  Blast  him,  •  kill  I  called  out  . STYLE=superscript  The  police  came  up  and  I  escaped  into  a  petty  at  the  back.  I  cb,sed  the  door,  but  the  door  was  broken  open  by  a  tall  man,  who  struck  me  on  the  head.  (The  witness  here  exhibited  a  wound  he  hid  received.)  The  man  said  Come  I  went.  out  when  I  was  conducted  to  . STYLE=superscript  the  Pendleton  station,  and  had  my  wounds  exhibited.  •  •  Mr.  CROSS  .  Are  you  sure  the  prisoner  was  there  ?  Witness  :  I  am.  I  have  known  him  many  years,  he  and  his  father  has  worked  for  me  for  many  years.  I  know  the  prisoner  well.  By  Mr.  T.  WHEELER;  The  strike  is  over  now,  and  the  men  have  returned  ici•  their  work  at  the  old  terms.  My  men  did  not  turn  a  few  of  them.  I  only  saw  the  prisoner  for  half  a  second.  The  men  who  came  up  said  Come  'out,  come  as  if  they  wanted  to  get  my  hands  out  from  the  works.  Police-officer  Barlow  :  On  the  2nd  of  August  I  was  on  duty  near  Mr.  Crompton's  clye-works,  abotit  six  o'clock  in  the  evening.  I  saw  about'  twenty,  running  towards  the  gate,  armed  with  stick.  They  nnd  others  rushed  into  the  yard:  When  I  and  the  other  police-officer  went  into  the  yard,  Mr.  Crompton  waS  on  his  knees  and  about  six  persons  were  standing  over  him,  beating  him.  I  went  up,  and  Mr.  Cronipton  got  away,  but  was  afterwards  again  attacked.  I  spoke  to  the  mob  and  they  let  him  go.  At  the  time,  Sir  A.  Armitage  came  on  the  ground,  and  I  apprehended  some  of  the  parties,  but  was  knocked  down.  On  the  6th  of  Novem November  ber November  I  apprehended  the  prisoner,-  having  been  looking  for  him  since  the  2nd  of  August,  in  Salford,  Manchester,  and  Pendleton.  By  Mr.  WHEELER.  :  There  were  between  twenty  and  twenty-five  persons  rushed  into  the  yard.  The  men  em employed  ployed employed  at  the  works  stayed  all  night.  Tulford,  a  servant  in  the  employment  of  Mr.  Cromp Crompton,  ton, Crompton,  was  in  the  building  at  the  time  the  affray  took  place,  and  fully  corroborated  the  evidence  already  given.  He  dis distinctly  tinctly distinctly  saw  the  prisoner  strike  Mr.  Crompton  with  a  thick  stick,  about  two  feet  long.  He  had  known  the  prisoner  for  some  time  before  the  affray.  David  Ditchfield,  another  of  the  prosecutor's  employees,  saw  from  80  to  100  persons  about  the  lane  near  the  works  ;  the  prisoner  was  amongst  them  . STYLE=superscript  .  •  Mr.  Thomas  Haywood,  surgeon  attended  Mr.  Crompton.  He  had  a  long  cut  on  the  scalp,  and  other  bruises.  This  being  the  case  for  the  prosecution,  Mr.  WHEELER  addressed  the  jury  for  the  prisoner,  and  argued  that  the  evidence  was  not  sufficiently  conclusive,  the  prosecutor,  doubtlessly,  being  too  much  alarmed  at  the  time  to  bring  this  most  disgraceful  assault  home  to  the  prisoner,  the  identification  being  confined  only  to  the  statement  of  the  witnesses.  He  called  several  witnesses  for  the  purpose  of  proving  an  alibi,  —stating  that  the  prisoner,  with  others,  were  with  other  turn-out  dyers,  at  a  factory  some  distance  off,  at  the  time  of  the  affray.  Mr.  CROSS  repliei  to  the  defence,  after  which  his  lord lordship  ship lordship  summed  up  the  evidence,  upon  which  he  most  minutely  commented,  and  the  jury  returned  a  verdict  of  guilty.  'The  learned  JUDGE,  in  passing  sentence  upon  the  prisoner,  said  he  had  been  Anima  guilty,  on  what  to  his  mind  was  clear  and  conclusive  evidence.  He  had  been  engaged  in  a  most  violent  outrage  upon  Mr.  Crompton.  It  was  admitted  by  all  that  persons  had  a  right  to  work  or  not,  but  it  was  equally  obvious  that  they  had  no  right  to  commit  such  an  offence  as  they  had.  Had  not,  at  the  last  assizes,  two  per persons  sons persons  been  tried  for  a  similar  offence,  and  sentenced  to  seven  years'  transportation,  by  the  judge  who  tried  ,  them,  he  should  have  felt  it  his  duty  to  inflict  a  much  severer  punishment,  but  as  such  was  the  case,  he  should  pass  the  -same  punishment,  or  a  punishment  tantamount  to  that,  for  since  the  last  assizes  a  bill  had  been  passed  that  transportation  could  not  be  inflicted  for  less  than  14  years.  He  should  therefore  sentence  him  to  4  years'  penal  servitude.  As  this  was  the  first  time  the  law  had  been  car carried  ried carried  out,  except  in  London,  he  would  mention  to  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  and  to  others  who  committed  offences,  that  that  sentence  would  be  carried  out.  You  will  now  have  to  work  like  a  slave  for  the  full  period,  instead  of  having  your  earnings  for  yourself,  your  wife,  and  family.  It  ought  to  be  a  warning.  You  will  have  to  -work  the  full  period  of  four  years  in  penal  servitude."
