text
"NEW  STREET,  The  council  ordered  Plymouth  Grove,  within  the  township  of  Chorlton-upon-Medlock,  to  be  levelled,  sewered,  and  drain  •  ed,  under  the  provisions  of  Mancheitor  General  Im Improvement  provement Improvement  Act,  On  the  recommendation  of  the  Chorlton-upon-Medlock  committee,  Mr.  Councillor  Fildes  was  elected  a  member  of  that  committee.  THE  CITIZENS'  LISTS.  The  council'  ordered  payment  of  the  expenses  incurred  in  the  preparation  of  the  citizens'  lists  for  the  year  1853-4,  amounting  in  all  to  £66  2s.  6d.  PARLIAMENTARY  REGISTER  OF  VOTES.  The  council  received  the  account  of  the  expenses  incurred  in  the  revision  and  printing  of  the  register  of  voters  for  the  borough  of  Manchester,  for  the  year  1853-4,  the  expenses  amongst  the  townships  as  foliows  :—Manchester,  £67  15s.  ;  Chorlton-upon.  Medlock,  £l3  Bs.  fid.  ;  £2O  6s.  ;  Ardwick,  £5  95.;  Cheetham,  £8  11s.  6d.;  New Newton,  ton, Newton,  £2  15s.  6d,;  Harpurhey,  2s.  6d.;  Beswick,  7s.  6d.;  total,  I6s.  6d.  ADVANCES  OF  SALARIES  OF  OFFICERS  IN  TEE  GAS  DEPARTMENT.  A  report  from  the  gas  committee  having  been  entered  as  usual,  M.  Alderman  SHUTTLNWORTH  then  moved  that  the  salary  of  Mr.  Jonas  Croft,  book-keeper  in  the  gas  department,  be  increased  from  £l6O  to  £lBO  per  annual  ;  and  that  the  salary  of  Mr.  Emanuel  Turner,  cashier  and  clerk  in  the  same  depart department,  ment, department,  be  increased  from  £125  to  £l5O  per  annum,  and  that  the  advances  take  effect  from  the  24th  of  June  last.  The  recommendation  to  advance_  these  salaries  was  made  unani unanimously  mously unanimously  by  the  gas  committee,  and  he  trusted  that  the  resolution  would  be  passed  unanimously  by  the  council.  Mr.  Councillor  flacncocK  seconded  the  motion.  The  motion  was  put,  and  carried  unanimously.  PROPOSALS  TO  INCREASE  THE  SALARIES  OF  SUPERINTEN.  DENTS,TAYLOR,  LEAKY  AND  SAYNOR.  Mr.  Councillor  MEDCALF  then  rose  and  moved  :  That  the  proceedings  of  the  watch  committee,  on  the  25th  day  of  August  last,  increasing  the  salary  of  superintendents  Taylor,  Leary,  and  Saynor,  from  £l5O  to  £lBO  per  annumn,  (the  consideration  of  which  was  postponed  on  the  14th  September  last)  he  moved  the  same  is  hereby  approved  He  said  it  would  be  in  the  recollection  of  most  of  the  gentlemen  who  were  there  that  day,  that  _the  watch  committee  had  recom recommended,  mended, recommended,  for  some  time  past,  that  the  salaries  of  the  gentlemen  he  had  named  should  be  increased.  The  grounds  for  increasing  the  salaries  had  been  so  fully  retailed  by  the  eommittee  in  their  report  which  was  presented  to-  the  council  on  the  14th  of  September  last,  that  it  was  not  needed  he  should  be  otherwise  than  very  brief  in  glancing  at  them.  lie  ojbected  to  a  practice  recently  adopted  of  questioning  the  acts  of  the  committee,  for  though  he  was  perfectly  ready  to  admit  that  the  council  was  justified  on  a  general  principle,  to  interfere  with  anything  the  committee  might  suggest,  they  should  always  remember  that  the  committee  were  the  best  able  to  judge  as  to  what  should  be  done  with  respe,t  either  to  the  remu remuneration  neration remuneration  of  the  servants  of  the  corporation  among  other  matters  that  came  before  them.  The  watch  com committee  mittee committee  had  been  charged  with  injustice  towards  the  superintendents  of  police,  inasmuch  as  when  they  were  ap appointed  pointed appointed  to  their  offices  several  years  ago,  it  was  with  the  clear  understanding  that,  after  passing  through  the  ordinary  course  of  probation,  they  should  then  be  place  on  the  full  stan standard  dard standard  of  salary  as  agreed  upon  when  the  business  of  the  police  was  handed  over  to  the  watch  committee.  And  he  thought  it  was  high  time  for  them  to  settle  this  question  The  time  of  probation  had  long  since'  passed  by.  In  1847,  it  was  the  opinion  of  the  watch  committee  that  the  salaries  of  the  super superintendents  intendents superintendents  referred  to  should  be  advanced;  the  opinion  of  the  council  was  contrary,  and  the  resolution  was  negatived.  Six  years  had  elapsed,  and  the  watch  eommittee  had  considered  it'  only  a  bare  act  of  justice  to.  bring  forward  the  matter  again  be  fore  the  council.  (Hear,  hear.)  When  they  considerednthe  zeal  aid  efficiency  of  those  gentlemen,  and  the  long  hours  -  which  they  had  to  devote  to  the  service  of  the  public,  surely  they  would  not  Consider  £lBO  a-year  was  too  much  for  gentle4;.;'  men  occupying  their  important  situations.  (Hear,  hear:)  , STYLE=superscript  Mlfas  it_  not  desirable  that,  to  gentlemen  in  their  .situations;-sathe  encouragement  should  be  held  out,  in  order  to  stimnraterthat  zeal  and  diligence  so  .desirable  in  those  who  were  at  the  head  pt  the  police.  (Hear,  hear.)  And,'  thA  again,  the  advance  proposed  to  be  given  to  the  superin.tetulentsz  in  question  bad  actually  been  saved  by  the  superintentidnt.4l superintentidnt.4l  - superintentidnt.4l  (Hear.)  For  there  used  to  be  a  itote:keeper,7  whose  salary  was  £l2O  per  annum.  'Now  the  office  of.  store,:  keeper  was  abolished  ;  the  Ll2O  was  no  longer  paid,  and  each''  superintendent  was  made  the  store-keeper  of  his  own  division,-,  and  of  his  own  particular  department.  (Hear.)  So  that  in.  point  of  faet  there  was  a  balannce  in  favour  of  the  council  in,  the  account  of  £3O  per•  annum.  He  appealed  to  them  as  practical  men,  as  men  of  brains,  ane  as  men  who  were  desirous;  of  doing  justice  to  their  servnats,  to  concede  to  the  recommend-  , STYLE=superscript  ation  of  the  Watch  Committee,  and  to  give  the  proposed:ad,  vance  to  the  suparintendonts  of  po:ice.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Alderman  SLATER  had  great  pleasure  in  seconding  the  resolution.  Mr.  Alderman  Haysvoon  said  that  in  approaching  this  sub subject  ject subject  ho  was  in  some  degree  non-plused.  He  thought  tint  -. STYLE=superscript  the-  mover  of  the  resolution  would  have  said  that  he  was  authorised!  by  the  committee  to  bring  forward  the  subject,  but  he  had  not  , STYLE=superscript  said  so,  and  the  inference  he  drew  was  that  the.  mover  of  the  resolution  was  not  so  authorised,  and,  therefore,  that  he  -  hid  brought  forward  the  matter  entirely  On  his  own  account..  He!(Aft  , STYLE=superscript  ..  Heywood)  thought  that  the  resolution  that  morning  was  - STYLE=superscript  much  more  ill-timed  than  it  was  in  September  last.  (He'ar,  hear)  pup  posing  that  the  first  of  November,  had  an  influence  on  theilol'  cision  last  come  to  on  •  the  subject,  did  the  result  .  Of,  the  elections  support  the  decision  of  the  council?  He  contended  that  it  did.  That  this  was  the  worst  possible  time  to  bring_  forward  such  a  subject  was  borne  out  by  the  fact  that  *the  committee  themselves  did  not  support  the  proposition  by  erOf  solution  of  their  own.  The  mere  fact  of  the  committee  not  supporting  the  resolution  was  a  positive  proof,  to  his  n4ipi,  that  the  committee  did  consider  that  a  most  improper  time  to  intro  Luce  the  resolution  again.  thought  sh;  and  be  wits  prepared  to  vote  against  the  resolttion.  tho  thnt  in  1847  the  salaries  'of  , STYLE=superscript  uperiiitendents  of  police  were  at  £l5O  per  annum.  He  contended  that  councillor,  - STYLE=superscript  ought  to  defer  to  the  opinion  of  persons  out  .of  . STYLE=superscript  dObrd  whom  they  represented.  Ile  considered  this  a  most  unto untoward  ward untoward  time  to  bring  forward  such  a  resolution,  and  . STYLE=superscript  hi:,  should  content  himself  with  voting  against  it.  Mr.  Councillor  SIMPSON  thonght  thotif,rhi  that  Mr.'  Alder Alderman  man Alderman  Heywood  was  the  very  last  man  in  the  world  to  say  what  he  had  said  on  that  occasion.  (Hear;  hear.)  He  said  .  that  every  honest-minded  man  in  that  council  would  . STYLE=superscript  agree  with  him  that  none  of  them  were  there  to  obey  the  biddyg  of  any  party  who  sent  'them  there,  without  beg  permitted  to  exercise  their  own  judgment..  such  a  system  of  dictation  were  submitted  to  it  would;  degrade  them  as  men.  (H  ear  ,  h  ear  .)  H  e  h  a  d  no  patie  n  Ce,  with  men  who,  professing  superfine  liberality,  talked  sue  c  h  arrant  nonsense  as  had  been  talked  that  morning.  (Hear,  hear.)  n't  Mr.  Councillor  GOODS  BY  opposed  th  e  a  d  vance,  and  saga.  that  his  constituents  were  opposed  to  it.  ,  •  Mr.  Councillor  CLARK  supported  the  motion,  and  spoke  ttf  the  feeling  out  .  of  doors  against  the  treatment  which  the  three  superintendents  had  received  at  the  hands  of  :  the  council.  The  motion  was  supported  by  Alde  r  m  an  N  e  ild,  M  r.  Di  cas,  Mr.  Adshead,  Alderman  Sir  John  Potter,  Mr.  Joseph  Lamb  ;  and  opposed  by  M  r  :  Neill,  Mr.  Bowle  r  ,  Ir.  Middleton,  and  Mr.  Alderman  Pilling.  Mr.  Councillor  MEDCALF  replied,  remarking  that  in  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  a  superintendent  got  £2OO  a-year,  and  in  London,  £250  with  a  house  to  the  value  of  £6O  to  live  in.  The  MAYOR  said  he  should  vote  in  favour  of  the  resole  n.  tion.  The  vote  was  then  taken,  when  there  appeared  t  For  the  motion  :  —Th  e  M  a  y  or  an  d  M  essrs.  Fildes,  A.spde,  Shawcross,  Thompson,  Gibb,  R  an  d  a  ll,  Fletcher,  Medcaff,  Slater,  Mackie,  Simpson,  Clark,  Lucas,  Wadsworth.  Brad=  ford,  Adshead,  Willert,  Shuttleworth,  Newton,  Jo'seph  Lamb,  Gibson,  Watts,  Williams,  Parnell,  Bake,'Thackeray,  Hitchcock,  Walker,  Watkin,  Neild,  and  Sir  John  32.  Against  the  motion.—Messrs  Pilling,  Boardman,  dleton,  Warburton,  Deorden,  Broughton,  R.  Potter,  Bouker;  Goodsbv,  M'G.ll,  Croston,  Cottrill,  Neil,  llaworth,  Howard,  Vickers,  Heywood,  'and  Woolley.—l  8.  ;  Tne  motion  was  consequently  d  ec  l  are  d  carried,  4  Mr.  Councillor  MmiArrow  moved  the  following  reso  -  tion  That  it  be  a  re  commen  d  a  ti  on  t  o  the  Markeis'COnif  inittee  to  consider  the  propriety  of  appointing  one  or  9  more  additional  inspectors  of  meat  ;  'with  a  view  to  secure  tlit  de detection  tection detection  and  punishment  of  all  parties  exposing  or  offering  for  sale  meat  which  is  unfit  for  human  Mr.  Councillor  HrrcncocK  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  carried  unanimously.  The  council  then  broke  up.  ro  crzrrr  UO  URT.--YESTERDAY.  •  (Before  JosEPH  POLLOCK  ESQ  Junans.)  laEAGIi  V.  THE  COMPANY.—In  this  case  the  plaintiff,  Benjamin  Scott  Geagh,  a  Commercial  traveller,  in  the  employment  of  Messrs.  Foster  and  Co.,  of  London,  drapers,  sought  to  recover  £4  19s.  from  the  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Railway  Com Company,  pany, Company,  for  loss  of  time  and  expenses  caused  to  the  plaintiff  by  the  non-delivery  of  a  box  eontaining.patteria,  which  — STYLE=superscript  LW:  longed  to  him.  .f.,,Tr3  Mr.  PamitEnTori  appeared  for  the:  plaintiff;'  .arid'  4.  FORSIIAW  for  the  defendants.  •  From  the  evidence  of  the  plaintiff  it  appeared  that  he'll  116;t  proceeded  from  Manch  es  t  er  t  o  Bi  rm  i  ng  h  am  On  the  of  October,  leaving  directions  that  a  box  containing  'W  it  ,  terns  belonging  to  him  should  be  f  orwar  d  e  d  f  rom  M  anc  h  e  dit  to  Liverpool,  directed  &#34;Mee's  Commercial  Hotel  ,  On  the  17th  of  October  the  plaintiff  arrived  in  LiverpdOl;  when  he  proceeded  to  the  hotel  named,  which  is  in  Gruat  Charlotte-street,  expecting  to  find  the  box  there.  Wheal  he  got  there,  however,  he  found  that  the  box  had  not  been.  received.  He  remained  at  the  hotel  on  the  17th  and  18th  ;  and  on  the  18th,  telegraphed  to  Manchester  in  . STYLE=superscript  order  to  ascertain  what  had  become  of  the  box.  He  received  a  message  in  reply  stating  that  the  box  was  forwarded  on  the  17th,  directed  as  he  desired,  to  Mee's  Commercial  Hotel;'  Liverpool,  He  sent  a  messenger  to•  the  railway  station,  who  returned  with  the  reply  that  no  such  box  had  been  received  there.  On  the  19th  he  went  himself  to  the  station,  wind  there  ascertained,  after  some  inquiries,  that.  the  box  had'  arrived,  and  had  been  taken  to  the  Queen's  Commercial.  Hotel,  in  Dale-street,  it  being  stated  that  the  carter  was,  unable,  after  many  inquiries,  to  find  such  a  place  as  Tea's  Commercial  Hotel,  and  that  no  such  place  was  mentioned  in.  the  directory.  The  plaintiff  then  proceeded  to  the  Queen's,  Hotel,  Dale-street,  where  he  fund  the  box.  Plaintiff:  c!aimed  the  amount  for  the  loss  of  three  days'  -tinie,..durio  g  which  he  was  in  great  measure  prevented  from  doingrbusi doingrbusiness  ness doingrbusiness  by  the  want  of  the  box  of  patterns.  Mr.  FORSHAW,  on  behalf  of  the  company,  contended  that.  as  the  box  was  not  directed  to  any  particular  street,  but  merely  to  Mee's  Commercial  Hotel,  .Liverpool,-the  defend defendants  ants defendants  were  not  liable,  there  being  no  such  place  in  the  dirg  - STYLE=superscript  0  1  tory,  and  the  inquiries  of  the  carter  failing  to  discover  it,  ;  T  His  HONOR  held  that  -if  the  defendants  were  unable  tO  , STYLE=superscript  find  the  place  to  which  the  box  was  directed,  in  consequence  of  the  insufficiency  of  information  given  to  them,  they,  should  not  have  sent  it  to  any  other  place,  but  should  have  kept  it  in  their  possession  until  inquiries  were  made  after  He  was  of  opinion,  however,  that  the  plaintiff  had  not  ac actually  tually actually  lost  more  than  one;  Clear  day's  time,  and  therefore  gave  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff,  £2  2s.  6d.,  with  costs.  •  COLT  AND  HIGGS  a.  BATH.—This  was  an  action  brought  by  George  Colt  and  Anne  Higgs,  to  recover  £1  19s.  6d.4-  front  Francis  B.  Bath.  St,nimpg,_  geswiwpe-streer,  , STYLE=superscript  onininus  proprietor,  for  injuries  done  to  a  ca  b  belonging  to  the  plaintiffs,  which  was  run  into  by  an  omnibus  which  be-  to  defendant,  in  Church  -street.  •  I  Upon  the  part  of  the  plaintiff  it  was  alleged  that  the  , STYLE=superscript  om-i  nibus  was  following  two  others  in  line  going  up  Church Churchstreet,  street, Churchstreet,  and  that  the  cab  was  driving  down,  when  the  omni;.l  •  bus  driver  left  his  rank,  and  endeavoured  to  get  beyond  the:  other  omnibuses,  by  crossing  the  street  ;  the  result  . STYLE=superscript  of  whiehi  was,  that  the  cab  was  run  into  and  injured:  It'  was*ated  that  there  was  room  in  the  street  for  three  carriages  to  drive  abreast,  and  that  therefore  the  accident  would  not  - STYLE=superscript  have  ..oc  - STYLE=superscript  -  - STYLE=superscript  curred  if  the  driver  of  the  omnibus  had  not  endeavOuredlo  get  out  of  his  proper  place.  The  cab,  it  was  positiiely..  stated,  was  keeping  Its  own  side  of  the  street  at  the  time  injury  took  place.  The  driver  and  guard  of  the  omnibus  stated  that  the  om  nibus  in  front  of  them  s  t  o  pp  e  d,•  an  d  t  h  at  in  - STYLE=superscript  encletrituring  tb=.  extricate  themselves,  the  cab,  which  was  driving  'tip  *t  furious  rate,  ran  into  them.  •  .  His  HONOR  said  it  was  quite  clear  how.th6  accidentimr.  happened.  The  omnibus  driver  was  not  , STYLE=superscript  satisfied•  with  bribe  behind  the  others-in  line,  and  therefore  drew  up  and  CroSS'edl  . STYLE=superscript  '  the  street.  In  that  part  of  the  street  there  was  three  carTiages  abreast,  and  therefore  the  omnibtli:Mitif  4 STYLE=superscript  have  curved  out  of  the  line,  or  it  could  not  have-conle  into  collision  with  the  cab.  There  was  nothing  more  necessary  than  that  such  large  conveyances,  in  so  crowded  a.platk4s  Church-street,  if  they  did  drive  rapidly,  should,  at  not  draw  out  rapidly  from  behind  the  omnibug'in  froht,  l STYLE=superscript  ,  l STYLE=superscript  which  concealed  them.  His  Honor  therefore•gave  'iet*t'll  for  the  plaintiff  for  the  amount  claimed.  ._..__~u.;,.,.,;T,  •  t,y STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Boulton,  income  tax  collector  ..ofilt—Clement—Dailear,,,  London,  is  a  defaulter  to  the  amount  of  £3,600.  SOUTH  STAFFonpsuinE.---The  liberals  are  at  fanit  division.  Lord  Paget  has  declined  to  come  forward,  and  a  successor  is  not  agreed  on.  ST.  PAUL'S  CATHEDRAL.---The  Bishop  of  London,  assisteli  by  Dr.  Lushington  and  Sir  James  Patteson,  sitting  as  assessors,  will  commence  an  inquiry  into  certain  alleged  abuses  connected  with  the  above  Cathedral,  on  the  9th  Jan.  Dispatches  were  sent  off  yesterday  evening  from  the  Colonial  Office  to  the  Governors  of  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope  and  the  Mauritius.  •  The  Karnak,  a  new  screw  s  t  eamer,  built  - STYLE=superscript  on  the  ye,  and  intended  for  the  Mediterranean  trade,  arrived  in  the  Mersey  on  her  first  trip.  -  The  Karnak  is  owned  by  Meikitl  4 STYLE=superscript  Burns  and  M'lver,  and  is  a  vessel  of  the  same  size  and  power  as  the  Taurus  and  Teueriffe.  She  made  a  capital  passage  front  the  Clyde,  and  will  be  despatched  on  her  first  voyage  in  the  course  of  a  week.  difficulties.  He  (Mr.  Dixon)  was  rather  surprised  at  that,  Although  in  these  days  modern  science  was  so  extended  there  really  were  no  engineering  difficulties.  After  the  Lancaster  A  public  meeting  of  parties  interested  in  this  project  was  railway  had  been  carried  over  the  Shap  Fells,  there  could  yesterday  held  at  the  Angel  Hotel,  to  receive  explanations  be  no  difficulties.  (Hear,  hear).  B  u  t  still  their  line  would  and  information  in  ref  erence  t  o  th  e  . STYLE=superscript  sc  h  eme  ,  f  rom  a  d  e  p  u  t  e  _  pass  through  a  very  fl  a  t  country,  and  the  heaviest  cutting  not  be  more  than  10  feet.  The  railway  would  be  tion  who  attended  for  the  purpose,  on  behalf  of  the  provin-  '  woul  d STYLE=superscript  made  for  £5  000  a  mile,  and  h  e  wou  ld  rem  i  nd  gentlemen  w  h  o  cial  committee.  Th  ere  were  a  b  ou  t  fift  y  gent  l  emen  presen  t  ;  were  in  the  ' STYLE=superscript  habit  of  reading  railway  papers,  that  Herapath  and  after  some  time,  lately  referred  to  the  feet,  and  he  said  that  a  railway  made  The  chair  was  taken  by  Mr.  MOORE.  .  for  £5,000  a  mile,  no  matter  where  it  ran  to,  mistake  of  was  sure  to  The  CHAIRMAN  said  that  it  was  only  a  very  pay  ,—it  could  not  m  i  ss  t  o  pay.  The  great  short  time  •  •  since  he  had  been  ma  d  e  acqua  i  n  t  e  d  with  the  project,  and  u  ;aionwat  y STYLE=superscript  behn,  even  u  p  on  ra  il  ways  w  i  th  i  n  our  own  neighbour neighbourcompanies  companies neighbourcompanies  had  b  een  f  rom  t  h  e  enormous  out  l  ay  therefore  he  could  not  be  exp  e  ct  e  d  t  o  know  much,  or,  indeed,  anything  at  all  of  its  merits.  But  being  requested  by  his  h  oo  d.I)  There  was  th  e  C  a  l  e  d  on  i  an  R  a  i  lway  w  hi  c  h  actua  ll  y  much  esteemed  friend  Mr.  Dixon,  mayor  of  Carlisle,  to  at-  cost  £40,000  p  er  m  il  e  ,  an  d  the  Maryport  Ra  i  lway  cost  tend  at  the  meeting  h  e  h  a  d  d  one  s  o  ,  but  he  felt  that  he  was  £16,000  a  mil  e  .  H  e  was  not  qu  i  te  certain  what  the  Lan Langive  give Langive  them  any  i  n  f  or  m  a  tion  on  the  matter.  He  should,  an  unfit  person  to  fill  the  chair,  because  he  was  not  able  to  caster  line  cost,  b  u  t  it  cos  t  a  l  arge  sum.  H  e  on  l  y  ment  i  one  d  this  to  show  th  e  i  r  p  ro  j  ecte  d  ra  il  way  cou  ld  b  e  ma  d  e  for  £5,000  therefore,  without  further  remark,  beg  leave  to  introd  uce  a  mile,  and  th  e  y  h  a  d  a  gent  l  eman  rea  d  y  t  o  ta  k  e  the  thin;  Dixon  to  their  notice  ,  who  would  explain  to  them  every everything  thing everything  connected  with  the  undertaking.  contract  provisionally,  t  o  f  orm  no  t  on  ly  th  e  ra  il  wa  y  b  u  t  was  ready  to  enter  into  a  contract,  the  dock  likewi  se  o  - STYLE=superscript  Mr.  J.  P.  Discos,  Mayor  of  Carlisle,  th  en  sa  id  h  e  ap-  on  our  getting  the  likewise,—who likewise,—whoof  of likewise,—whoof  parliament,  to  make  the  railway  peered  before  them  as  one  of  a  dep  u  t  a  ti  on  f  rom  t  h  e  b  o  d  y  of  directors  of  the  Carlisle  and  Silloth  Bay  Railway  and  Dock  for  £5,000  a-mile.  (Hear,  hear.)  Their  estimates  of  traffic  had  been  very  carefully  gone  i  n  t  o  .  Th  a  t  was  a  su  b-  Company,  which  company  had  b  een  prov  i  s  i  ona  ll  y  registered  ject  he  would  not  enter  into,  a  s  hi  s  f  r  i  en  d  Mr.  Irving  would  for  the  purpose  of  seek  ing  an  act  o  f  parl  i  ament  to  ,forma  Floating  dock  at  Sill  o  th  B  ay,  i  n  t  h  e  S  olway  Frith,  and  to  address  them  on  that  topic;  . STYLE=superscript  but  th  e  y  h  a  d  gone  care  f  u  ll  y  i  nto  the  traffic  which  they  might  fairlyand  legitimately  expect  t  o  forma  railway  f  r  om  th  a  t  po  i  nt  to  j  o  i  n  the  Port  Carlisle  come  over  their  line  ;  and  when  in  Newcastl  e  a  f  ew  d  ays  railway;  'and  thus  form  a  commun  i  cation  w  i  th  the  Newcastle  and  Carlisle  railw  a  y,  an  d  so  o  b  ta  i  n  a  d  i  rect  communication  ago  they  found  their  calcul  a  ti  ons  cons  id  era  b  ly  under  the STYLE=superscript  Mark.  They  mentioned  it  t  o  one  gent  l  eman,  who  ,  from  east  to  wes  t  across  t  h  e  narrowest  part  of  the  island.  Of  was  specially  interested  and  he  said  he  would  guarantee  that  course  the  estimated  cost  of  forming  this  dock  and  making  e  .  mount  of  traffic  himself  ;  they  had  been  anx  i  ous  the  whole  this  railway  was  not,  as  they  would  perceive,  a  very  heavy  t  a  upe  not  to  overstate  their  facts,  because  they  felt  they  had  amount,  £135,000,  but  still  Carlisle  though  a  very  enter-  fact  t  ir  an  d  l  egitimate  scheme  to  bring  before  the  public,  in  prising  city,  and  had  always  made  efforts  to  improve  its  po-  as  na  tional  question,  and  they  were  most  anxious  to  eition  in  the  commercial  world,  was  not  a  wealthy  coin-  heyunderstate  the  dgone  under  the  mark  rather  than  above  it.  Taking  the  aid  of  the  public  in  carrying  out  this  scheme.  In  some  iat  low  estimate  of  £2O  per  mile  a-week,  the  traffic  they  measure  it  might  be  said  to  be  of  a  local  character.  It  certainly  had  to  get  was  a  t  ra  ffi  c  a  great  d  eal  of  wh  i  ch  never  yet  character  (hear,  hear  was  ;  but  we  considered  it  was  also  strictly  of  a  national  and  had  always  been  very  much  to  ad  come  their  way,  at  l  eas  t  th  e  great  b  u  l  k  of  i  t.  T  he  great  be  desired  to  form  this  communication  between  th  e  west  );  b  u  lk  of  it  had  gon  e  roun  d  a  th  ousan  d  m  i  les  b  y  sea  to  Ireland.  They  expected  th  e  y  s  h  ou  ld  b  e  able  to  bring  coals  from  New Newcoast  coast Newcoast  and  the  east  coast  for  many  years  back.  Fo  r  a  t  l  eas  t  30  castle  to  Sinai:l  - STYLE=superscript  b  a  y  an  d  s  hi  p  t  h  em  from  thence  to  Ireland  years  we  have  been  s(e.eing  that  communication.  Whe  n  the  at  once.  Leaving  that  out  of  the  question  altogether—a  canal,  the  Carlisle  canal,  was  formed  from  Carlisle  to  Port  t  raffic  we  never  got--if  we  take  the  estimated  tra  ffi  c  which  Carlisle,  that  was  the  object  in  view,  inasmuch  as  as  the  *e  have  been  ac  cu  st  ome  d  t  o  get  on  the  old  canal  it  would  canal  was  originally  intended  to  be  carried  dire  c  t  from  show  a  very  fair  return  for  the  money  invested.  They  had.  Carlisle  to  Newcastle,  and  a  survey  was  made  at  the  time.  facilities  at  Si  ll  oth  bay  for  working  a  floating  dock,  acces-  To  show  the  peculiar  views  entertained  in  those  days  be  Bible  at  all  times  of  tide,  and  not  only  so,  but  •  they  had  a  might  mention  that  railways  were  projected  at  the  time  'but  water  area  in  f  ron  t  o  f  th  e  d  oc  k  ,  su  ffi  c  i  ent  to  accommodate  the  impression  was  they  could  no  t  t  rave  l  more  th  an  four  ;miles  200  vessels.  He  (M  r  .  Di  xon  )  h  a  d  th  at  on  t  h  e  aut  h  or  i  ty  o  f  an  hour,  and  therefore  at  th  a  t  ti  m  e  p  rosecu  ti  ng  the  canal  ,  I  J  I  Mr.  Geddes,  who  was  connected  with  their  district  Trinity  was  thought  the  most  advisable.  But  it  was  abandoned,  hoard;  and  .  that  it  was  a  clay  bottom,  and  that  a  vessel  and  the  canal  was  only  formed  from  Carlisle  to  Port  Carlisle.  w  as  never  known  to  have  dragged  her  anchors  there.  The  object  was  to  form  a  communication  between  the  east  Even  supposing  the  dock  quite  full,  and  a  nc  h  or  e  and  the  west,  and  eventually  the  Newcastle  and  Carlisle  not  make  the  dock,  the  vessel  could  lie  at  a  railway  was  formed.  Since  that  time  they  had  been  con-  in  perfect  safety.  There  was  an  intention  to  tending  with  natural  difficulties  at  Port  Carlisle.  They  make  this  railway  from  this  point  at  the  smallest  possible  cost,  had  a  large  body  of  water  up  to  that  point,  .but  it  was  only  and  that  they  connected  with  it  a  very  legitimate  prospect  approachable  at  the  top  of  the  tide  for  vessels  of  a  large  large  and  i  ncreased  tra  ffi  c,  and,  therefore,  they  left  it  class.  They  had  a  shifting  channel  constantly  changing  r  i  erl STYLE=superscript  th  confidence  in  the  hands  .  of  gentlemen  of  a  town  like  which  made  it  di  ffi  cult  for  vessels  of  heavy  burthen  to  ap-  1  verpool—gentlemen  of  enterprise,  and  who  were  so  large-,  preach.  There  was  also  another  very  great  drawback  a  y  nd  co  o  nnected  with  the  .  commercial  interests  of  this  country,  owing  to  the  danger  of  vessels  taking  the  ground,  which,  likel  f  to  whomit  'might  be  justly  proud.  They  were  not  gentlemen,  connected  with  shipping  was  a  very  great  overlookdraw overlookdraw.  . overlookdraw.  the  interests  of  Carlisle,  because  there  was  back  to  any  port.  They  contended  with  this  for  some  time,  not  e  y STYLE=superscript  town  in  the  kingdom'  would  have  more  railways  until  the  same  project  was  endeavoured  to  be  obtained  at  Ther  they  formed  complete  hands,net-work  ;.  and  therefore  he  Maryport,  to  form  a  line  with  the  same  object  in  view,  left  it  with  confidence  their  feeling  they  would  not  In  that  prospectus  they  set  forth  the  same  thing.  lt  had  allow  a  matter  which  shisomerespects  of  a  local  charac characalso  also characalso  been  felt  that  Maryport  was  a  dry  harbour,  and  that  ter—but  it  was  also  of  w STYLE=superscript  a  a STYLE=superscript  national  t  character—would  f,  not  allow  they  had  not  the  facilitiem  there  for  forming  a  wet  dock,  the  it  to  fall  to  the  ground  for  wan  o  the  most  important  re reentrance  entrance reentrance  being  unfavourable,  and  obstructed  by  a  considers-  q  3 STYLE=superscript  uisites,  taking  shares  and  giving  their  support  to  the  under underbeyond  beyond underbeyond  500  tons;  except  on  a  very  high  tide,  so  much  so  a  few  words  :  .  that  frequently  after  entering  they  were  neaped,  and  unable  .  .  Mr.  'ovule  , STYLE=superscript  said  that  as  Mr.  Dixon  had  detailed  to  them  toleaVe  when,  required  to  do  so.  These  difficulties,  in  con connection  nection connection  with  difficulties  they  had  to  contend  with  at  Port  the  great  importance  of  the  undertaking,  it  was  simply  for  Carlisle,  had  latterly  drawn  the  attention  of  persons  inter-  him  to  confine  himself  'to  the  traffic  department.  The  meet meetested  ested meetested  in  the  trade  of  Carlisle  very  much  to  the  project  which  ing  had  been  told  of  the  great  advantage  that  was  likely  to  they  had  now,  in  view,  which  was  to  form  if  possible  ,  and  it  arise  to  Carlisle  an  d  C  um  b  er  l  an  d  i  n  connecting  the  German  was  thought  to  be  most  desirable  if  it  could  be  done,  a  ocean  with  the  Irish  sea,  but  the  next  step  was  that,  when  floating  - STYLE=superscript  dock,  or  more  'strictly  speaking,  a  wet  dock—  the  promoters  of  the  present,  undertaking  asked  for  support,  like  one  of  the  Liverpool  docks  ;  and  if  they  could  they  should  be  prepared  to  give  full  value-for  any  outlay  in  possibly  have  a  floating  dock,  where  vessels  of  large  burthen  investment.  -  He  had  inquired  at  great  length  with  the  sec seccould  could seccould  come,  and  be  prevented  taking  the  ground,  they  would  retary  into  the  traffic  likely  to  come  on  the  line.  The  be  able  to,carry  out  the  views  they  had  before  them,  that  of  foundation  of  their  estimates  was  based  on  facts—there  was  forming  a  direct  communication  'from  the  west  to  the'  east.  nothing  theoretical  or  speculative  about  it—and  therefore  he  For  this  project  they,  selected  a  locality  in  the  Solway  Frith,  could  say  with  confidence  that  every  gentleman  relying  on  which  had  all  the  facilities  necessary  for  forming  a  floating  his  estimate  of  the  traffic  would  find  that  the  result  bore  out  dock.  The  entrance  to  it  was  approachable  at  all  times  of  what  he  stated.  At  N  ewcas  tl  e  th  ere  were  severa  l  a  lk  a  li  manu manuthe  the manuthe  tide.  He  would  mention,  to  show  its  superiority  over  factories,  and  for  the  purpose  of  carrying  them  on  success-  Maryport,  there  was  more  'water  in  Silloth  bay  at  low  fully,  salt  and  sulphur  ore  were  much  required.  The  one  water  in  spring  tides,  than  they  had  at  Maryport,  in  an  was  brought  from  Cheshire,  and  the  other  from  Wicklow  ;  ordinary  18  feet  tide.  From  ;the  plans  it  would  be  seen  and  from  the  closest  inquiries  they  had  m  a  d  e  th  e  y  f  oun  d  .the  there  was  never  less  than  18  feet  of  water  sometimes  24  ;  charges  put  upon  those  good  s  conveye  d  f  rom  those  points  and  over  the  bar,  in  the  shall  ow  est  places  ;here  were  13  feet  to  the  Tyne,  we  re  suc  h  as  wou  ld  ena  bl  e  them  to  bring  the  into  Silloth  fl  oods  along  by  sea  t  o  Sill  o  th  b  ay,  per  screw  steamer  or  sail sailbayat-low  bayat-low sailbayat-low  water  ;  and  therefore  a  vessel  entering  could  float  at  anchor  at  all  times  of  the  tide.  ing  vessel,  and  then  along  the  railway  to  Newcastle,  at  a  The  Citarearasi  :  There  is  18  feet  at  the  lOw  water  of  a  cost  sufficient  to  compensate  them  for  the  trouble.  They  could  spring  tide.  -  '  -  -  take  the  articles  of  salt  and  pyrites  at  something  like  2d  Mr.  DIXON  :At  the  low  water  of  a  spring  tide  over  the  per  ton  per  mile,  This  figure  might  seem  a  little  starling,  Da  , STYLE=superscript  khsr  were  13  feet  of  water  - STYLE=superscript  and  at  neap  tides  there  for  on  most  lines  in  the  kingdom  the  cha  r  ge  was  cons  id  era  bly  s STYLE=superscript  were  18  feet.  -1.  u,;  .x..  1.14  laid'  d  ' STYLE=superscript  Own  -  on'the  plans  was  the  over  id  ;  but  the  advantage  which  they-  possessed  ov,ir  all  depth  at  low  water  as  taken  at  sprin  g  adv..  1,4  show  tie  others  was  the  low  cost  o  f  th  e  i  r  li  ne.  Th  ey  wou  ld  ta  k  e  t  h  ose  immense  advantag  e  which  .a  dock,  from  the  depth  of  t  .i.  e  '  ....•-•-,  .--  -.  7,..-t.  ,-  ..uric,.uric,  il  n  t  yr'  , STYLE=superscript  •u  all  LIM  ebtolfiliti,  .  ...  ....,  ,  ..„  6  ,...  __A.,  i„...,..:...  pinuial  nay,  over  treat  at  Maryport,  he  WU,  00  tons,  the  receipt  would  be  in  those  alo  ne  ,  £2,500  might  mention  a  fact  which  was  stated-  publicly  five  y  ears  per  annum.  An  o  th  er  art  i  c  l  e  o  f  traff  i  c  was  coal,  which,  ago  in  a  letter  which  he  (Mr.  Dixon)  h  a  d  th  e  h  onor  to  a  d-  calculated  very  l  ow  ,  was  15  0,000  tons  annually  'There  dress  to  one  of  the  local  papers  on  the,  su  bj  ec  t.  T  wo  vessels  ,  were  at  present  t  wo  compan  i  es  under  contract  for  supplying  Ireland  with  100,000  t  ons  o  f  coal,  independ,  nt  of  that  for  leaving  Liverpool  at  the  same  time,  one  b  oun  d  f  or  M  aryport  and  the  other  for  any  point  in  Silloth  bay  th  a  t  t  h  e  passen  household  purposes,  and  i  n  d  epen  d  ent  of  that  supplied  from  -  gers  hound  to  Silloth  bay  woeld  be  100  miles  inland  b  e  f  ore  Lord  Carlisle's  South  Tyne  a  nd  Bl  ea  ki  ns  ,  pi  pits.  'They  even  the  vessel  bound  to  Maryport  could  .  go  .  i  n  t  o  took  this  at  the  low  average  of  ?  T  A.  per  miie,  and  9d.  per  ton  berth.  This  was  a  feet  stated,  five  years  ago,  and  fair  the  whole  line.  These  estimates  as  to  salt,  and  coal,  and  sulphur,  they  had  s  h  own  t  o  gent  l  emen  connected  with  it  remained  as  it.  was  stated.  Their  steamers  engaged  in  trading  from  ,Liverpool  to  Port  C  ar  li  s  l  e  ,  :  f  or  t  h  e  these  trades,  and  we  re  f  u  ll  y  b  orne  out  b  y  t  h  em  in  those  esti estilast  last estilast  thirty  ,  years,  had  also  to  go  into  Silloth  bay  for  mates.  Mr.  Cookson,  connected  with  the  Mickley  colliery,  nearly  three  hours,,  generally  for  two  hours  and  ,  a  half,  under  contract  for  supplying  a  large  quantity  to  Ireland,  before  ,  they  could  get  up  to  Port  Carlisle,  and,  therefor;  thought  they  would  send  for  more  than  the  estimate.  And  the  passengers  by  that  steamer,  might  have  been  at  Newcas-  taking  that  at  id.  per  ton  per  mile,  they  would  have  an  tie  before  the  steamer  could  even  a  rr  i  ve  a  t  th  e  quay  at  P  ort  annual  yi  e  ld  o  f  £5  ,  625  .  Then  they  had  a  trade  in  alabaster  Cirlisle.  The  detention,  .therefore  was  very  considerable  ;  slate,  and  timber  to  th  e  ex  t  en  t  o  f  30  ,  0  0  0  tons,  w  hi  c  h  ,  w  i  th  la  but  y  making  Silloth  bay  o  ur  t  erm  i  nus  ,  t  h  at  detention  th  e  trade  between  Liverpool  and  Port  Carlisle,  and  Liver Liverwonld,,be  wonld,,be Liverwonld,,be  entirely  done  away  with..  Of  course  in  forming  '  Pool  land  Ireland  and  Newc  as  tl  e  m  i  g  ht  be  fair  ly  , STYLE=superscript  estimated  at  60,000  tons  ann  ua  lly.  Th  e  i  r  passengers,  both  by  steamer  the,  floating  dock  at  any  given  point,  it  i  s  most  desirable  that  gentlemen  should  most  fully  understand  the  entrance  to  it  and  rail  they  took  at  66,000,  who  would  yield  £3,ooo—so  that  was  g?od,  that  it  was  not  only  so  now,  but  it  had  been  from  the  whole  receipts  their  estimated  traffic  would  give  them  time  Immemorial.  They  could  produce  evidence  to  prove,  £16,131.  As  to  the  dock,  they  took  the  amount  of  tonnage  corn  that  the  present  depth  of  water  in  Silloth  bay,  had  no  t  mate-  ing  into  and  going  outiof  th  e  h  ar  b  our  at  200,000  tons,  which  rially  altered,  they  would  say  for  the  last  200  years.  The  .at  6d.  per  ton  would  produce  £5,000  annually.  He  thought  captain,  of  the  Newcastle  eteamer,  who  no  doubt  was  well  they  were  quite  safe  in  this  estimate,  because  in  the  dry  known  to  many  gentlemen  present,  navigated  the  S  o  l  way  harbours  in  Cumberland,  where  vessels  only  entered  at  high  Frith  fpr  a  considerable  number  of  years  between  Liver-  water  the  same  rate  was  charged.  They  were  thereforeperfectly  pool  and  Port  Carlisle,—and  the  father  of  the  late  captain  safe  in  that  charge  ;so  that  their  total  estimated  receipts  of  that  vessel,  Mr.  Logan,  who  was  now  living,  a  man  up  -  would  be  £21,000.  Taking  the  working  charge  of  the  rail railwards  wards railwards  of  90  years  of  age,  who  had  navigated  no  small  coast  .  way  at  50  per  cent,  which  was  quite  ample,  and  the  expen expen'  ' expen'  ing  vessels  between  this  port,  Port  Carhsle,  and  Annan,  said  sex  of  wo  r  ki  ng  t  h  e  d  ock  at  £750,  their  total  expenditure  to  the  best  of  his  recollection,  and  he  gave  it  is  hi  s  own  would  be  £8,815,  which  deducted  from  their  gross  receipts  words,  that  the  depth,  of  water  in  Silloth  bay  -had  been  'would  le  ave  a  nit  annual  p  rofit  of  £12,315  ;  and  their  always  as  it  is  now  '  •  that  he  could  always  run  there  at  dead  capital  being  £135,000,  th  eir  net  pro  fi  t  wou  ld  a  ff  or  d  th  em  IoW  water,  and  in  stormy  weather  he  always  knew  it  to  be  a  dividend  of  9  per  cent.,  with  a  sma  ll  s  u  r  plus.  Now  let  *place  to  fall  back  upon.  This  man's  grandfather,  who  them  try  the'  profit  by  another  test.  He  believed  that  died  at  the  Agt  say  they  could  produce  a  man  of  the  present  eof  95,  also  bore  evidence  to  the  same  fact,  throughout  the  the  entire  ki  ng  d  om  t  h  ere  were  f  ew  li  nes  th  at  and,they  mig  ht  paid  under  £25  per  mile  per  wee  k,  w  i  t  h  th  e  except  i  on  o  f  t  h  e  East  Anglian  ;  b  u  t  t  a  ki  ng  the  receipts  on  the  railway  at  day,  to  give  evidence,  going  back  200  years.  They  found  by  referring  to  the  history  pf  their  own  county,  to  Hutchins'  his-  £lO  per  mile  per  week,  and  allowing  the  same  working  tory  of  Cumberland  e  ,he  there  states,:at  the  time  of  Edward  charges,  (50  per  cent),  their  net  prefits  would  still  afford  them  a  dividend  of  5  p  er  cent.  This  did  not  take  into  ac-  VI.  this  very  locality  was  made  available  by  Edward  VI.  when  he  went  over  ,to  Scotland.  He  had  several  ships  at  count  the  amount  receive  d  f  rom  dues  at  the  dock  ;  so  that  that  tiine.  He  did  not  mention  their  tonnage,  but  he  did  I  taking  all  things  into  consideration,  the  project  might  be  the-'number  of  men  they  carried,  clearly  showing  they  must  i  considered  a  very  saf  e  i  nves  t  ment.  Another  important  have  been  vessels  of  a  considerable  size,  and  drawing  a  con-  matter  bearing  on  the  undertaking  which  Mr.  Dixon  had  siderable  depth  of  water.  Of,  course  they  had  no  means  of  not  alluded  to,  he  would  men  ti  on.  H  e,  b  el  i  eved  it  was  in inknoWing  knoWing inknoWing  it  was,l  the.  same,  but  at  any  rate  it  was  deep  water  tended  by  a  number  of  g  en  tl  emen  a  t  H  aw  i  c  k  and  Galashiels— Galashielsat  at Galashielsat  that  time.  They  had  proof  to  show  the  water  in  Solway  extensive  agricultural  districts  and  woollen  manufactures— manufacturesto  to manufacturesto  run  a  line  of  railw  a  y  f  rom  the  North  British  at  Ha  w  i  c  k  Frith  had  not  decreased  from,  that  time;  for  in  December  1  to  Carlisle.  Now  he  b  e  li  eve  d  t  h  at  t  h  e  gentlemen  in  those  last  they  had  two  very  heavy  storms,  and  the  water  rose  to  a  1  localities  were  very  muc  h  c  o  nnecte  d  w  i  th  the  Credo  of  Liver Liveraway,ooniUtcrablp  away,ooniUtcrablp Liveraway,ooniUtcrablp  hei  g  ht,  andl.4...pa  on  th  e  s  h  ore  were  washed  ,  Which  had  been  known,  t  o  b  e  s  t  an  di  ng  f  or  ti  me  i  mme  pool.  They  requi  re  d  a  grea  t  many  o  f  the  articles  that  were  -  mortal',  showing  there  had  been  no  decrease  ;  but  some  per-  imported  into  this  port,  and  on  the  other'  hand  they  required  sons  in  some  localities  we  re  t  r  yi  ng  t  o  s  h  ow  th  ere  was  a  I  an  outlet  not  only  to  th  e  Li  verpoo  l  ,  b  ut  to  the  various  other  Lancashire  markets  f  or  th  e  i  r  manu  fa  cturers;  and  so  impor imporgraelual  graelual imporgraelual  decrease  of  water  in  th  e.  S  o  l  wa  y  Frith.  He  men-  !  tionid,  this  to  show  the  r  e  was  no  d  ecrease  in  the  body  of  tent  was  this  matte  r  regar  d  e  d  b  y  t  h  e  Duke  of  Buccleuch  water  flowing  up  the  Solway  ,Frith.  Referring  to  what  he  that  they  were  enabled  to  make  arrangements  with  him  for  wished  to  show,  and  to  i  m  p  ress  on  th  e  gen  tl  emen  present  -  the  purchase  of  his  l  an  d  a  t  a  very  small  cost.  The  line  they  had  had  from  time  immemorial  always  sufficient  depth  to  which  he  had  alluded  would  run  for  25  miles  through  of  water  in  Silloth  bay  as  they  now  had.  As  they  projected  that  nobleman's  land,  and  also  through  Sir  James  Graham's  the  making  of  a  floating  dock  they  took  the  opinion  of  Mr.  property,  and  it  would  have  the  support  of  both  those  gentle-  Hartley,  of  Liverpool,  and  he  (Mr.  Dixon)  was  present  with  men.  that  line  would  be  connected  with  the  present  line,  him  when  he  inspected  the  site,  and  ho  projects,  in  laying  and  would  consequently  render  it  the  more  important.  down  the  dock,  no(  to  interfere  with  the  water  in  any  way..  There  was  again  an  extensive  district  of  country  running  in  The  fault  committed  in  the  Solway  Frith,  and  at  Whitehaven  the  northern  direction  from  Silloth  Bay  to  Annandale,  con conand  and conand  Port  Carlisle,  had  been  putting  the  works  into  the  tide  taing  some  of  the  best  cultivated  lands  in  Scotland  ;'  and  it  way,  ,which  bad  caused  banks  ,to  form.  In  their  projected  cted  was  essential  to  give  those  pe  o  pl  e  every  f  ac  ili  ty  for  the  dock,  Mr.  'Hartley's  plan  was,  to  make  the  dock  inland.  transfer  of  their  produce  - STYLE=superscript  which  they  could  not  of  They  did  not  intend  -to  putAown  anything  to.  interfere  with  themselves STYLE=superscript  consume.  That  could  be  best  provided  by  sea  the  natural  course  of  the  water  ;  and,  therefore,  he  might  in  connection  with  their  port,  because  they  int  en  d  e  d  runn  ing  faiely,  argue,  that  as  it  .had  for  time  immemorial  been  a  steam-tugs  from  that  point  to  the  other  ports  within  their  place  suitable  for  vessels,  and  they  could  show  from  the  year  reach.  This  was  a  very  important  matter  to  those  localities,  1774  the  depth  of  water,  and  if  they  did  not  interfere  by  not  and  the  gentlemen  connected  with  them  could  not  but  regard  putting  the  works  in  the  tide-way,  they  might  fairly  argue  it  in  the  light  in  which  he  had  just  put  it.  Their  obj  ect  in  it  would  continue  to  remain  a  s  it  n  ow  was.  They  consi-  coming  to  Liverpool  was,  th  a  t  they  regarded  the  question  dered  this  was,  a  very,  strong  point.  If  they  could  oncelornie  as  one  highly  important  to  the  interests  of  this  town.  The  the  'floating  dock  at  this  point,  they  should  attract  the  ship-  most  of  their  trade  lay  with  Live  r  p  oo  l,  an  d  t  h  ey  therefore  ping  interest  th  ere  ,  an  d  should  open  a  channel  for  a  great  naturally  expected  that  its  men  o  f  business  with  ,  that  spirit  traffic  in  oth  er  coal,  and  v  ar  i  ous  commodities,  which  were.  .  and  enterprise  for  which  they  were  remarkable  ,  would  ,grvit  calling  for  it  at  the  present  moment.  (Hear,  ' STYLE=superscript  hear.)  I  t  them  the  aid  which  they  sought  in  '''  prosecuting  this  under underopened,  opened, underopened,  a  way  to,  the  coast  of  Ireland,  and  various  other„  taking.  -  '(Hear,  hear.)  places.  A  jetty  would  have  to  be  made  for  the  dock  out  Mr.  W  into  .  inr.rasrsoe  - STYLE=superscript  asked,  inasmuch  as  nearly  all  the  traffic  the  deep  water.  It  would  be  an  open  p  ier,  and  would  not  of  which  they  had  given  an  I  interfere  with  the  natural  course  'of  thewater.  There  was  1  necessarily  pass  Over  two  other  lines  ,  the  Newcastle  and  one  point  .connected  with  making  this  pier.  They  should,•  Carlisle,  and  the  Carlisle  and  Port  Carlisle  railways,  would  in  the  first  instance  e  form  therrailwav  to  the  poi  nt  they  tell  the  meeting  to  what  extent  those  companies  were  on  the  plan,  and  to  make  it  available  for  ships  imme  diate  )  inclined  to  co-operate  ?  before,  they  had  the  sleek  made  they  should  be  able  t STYLE=superscript  I;  ,  accommodate  vessels  to  a  considerable  extent  MR.  DIXON'  We  can  give  a  most  satisfactory  ans  wer  t  o  in  shipping  that.  coal  end  other  commodities,.ao  that  even  before  the  dock  was  •  MR.  IRVING  said  the  p  romoters  of  this  line  bad  an  in inopened,  opened, inopened,  gentlemen,would  find  this  a  good  investment.  Before  interview  with'  the  directo  rs  of  Newcastle  andt  e  the  Carlisle  forming  thie  dock,  so  important  was  it  considered  by  the  i  railway,  and  they  also  saw  the  directors  of  the  Port  Carlisle  shipping,  interest,  and  so  likely  were  those  who  knew  wh  a  t  line,  and  i  he  might  state  the  interview  he  had  with  both  the  traffie  was  between  Ireland  and  the  east  coast,  imme-  the  directors  ,  the  greatest  facilities  were  promised  to  be  given  diately,that  there  was  '  an  _opening  made  at  Silloth,  a  jetty  to  them.  in  fact  our:  interests  and  thei-s  were  identical.  or  anything,  they  would  immediately  avail  themselves  of  it,  ,  Coals  ,  or  any  other  ar  ticles  should  be  brought  60  miles  over  its  superiority  over.  he  harbour  was  so  great.  With  respect  the  Newcastle  and  Carlisl  e  Railway,  and  it  was  important  to  the  railway  from  Silloth  down  to  Drumburgh,  it  was  for  them  to  get  a  good  outlet  for  it  by  a  sea  communication  ;  almost  unnecessary  for  him  to  mention  it  atter  the  report  of  and  it  was  as  much  for  their  interest  that  the  rate  should  be  Mr.  Blyth,  the  engineer  ;  but  he  might  remark,  the  railway  low,  and  that  they  passed  through  a  country  which  presented  no  engineering  The  Port  Carlisle  directors,  at  their  last  meeting,  passed  a  ARLISLE  AND  SILLOTH  BAY  RAILWAY  AND  'DOCK  COMPANY."
