text
"DUBLIN,  OCT.  4  INWARDS  PROM  FOREIGN'—NiI.  CLEARED  OUTWARDS  FOREIGN.—NiI.  LOADING  OUTWARDS  FOREIGN.—James  M'Queent  el  bourne  ;  Herman  Roosen,  New  York.  CORK  (QUEENSTOWN),  OCT.  25.  Margaretta  Maria,  Lei  erston,  Monte  Vide  ;  Hydesplaf  Reed,  Callao  ;  Cotonclla,  Alexander,  Callao  ;  Cevascor  Berdianski  ;  Canopus,  De  Hume,  Labrador;  Alexander  , STYLE=superscript  Chapman,  Mauritius;  OFF  :—Eliza,  Bennett,  Falkla  o STYLE=superscript  Islands  and  Monte  Vides.  _  _  .  The  Brig  Garland,  of  and  from  Cork,  Garde,  Master  arrived  at  Valparaiso,  on  the  sth  of  August  last,  spoke  on  the  20th  of  June,  the  schooner  Isabel,  Capt.  Kennedy,  bound  to  Bhering  Straits,in  search  of  Sir  John  Franklin,  in  lat.  38.40.  S.  long.  51.30  IV.,  with  loss  of  fore-yard,  supplied  her  with  one,  and  brought  on  and  forwarded  her  dispatches  for  the  Admiralty.  GLASGOW,  OCT.  5.  ARRIVED.—John  Munroe,  Thomson,  from  Palermo;  Briton  Berwick,  from  Singapore.  _IRELAND _IRELAND(FROM  (FROM _IRELAND(FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT  .  DUBLIN,  ednesday•  A  BALINASLOE  FAIR  :—This  great  annual  fair  has  opene  d STYLE=superscript  with  more  dullness  than  was  expected,  in  consequence  of  the  heavy  falls  of  rain.  Still  prices  are  kept  up  ;  and  at  tb°  Sheep  fair,  which-  commenced  yesterday,  wethers  were  generally  3s.  m  advance  of  last  year,  some  prime  lots  goillg  as  high  as  535,  and  the  average  being  about  455.  Rams  Well  sold  at  from  15s.  to  225.  and  Ewes  from  40s.  to  455.  11  Excellency,  the  Lord  Lieutenant,  with  the  Countess  0'  suite,  are  at  present  on  a  visit  with:Lord  Clancarty,  ivb°  lives  near  the  town.  On  his  arrival  at  Ballinasloe,  he  w°,  received  enthusiastically  in  passing  through  the  fair.  It'  Corporation  presented  his  Excellency  with  a  congratulator]  address.  LISBURN  ErEeTion—lt  is  stated  in  a  Northern  contor  t  porary  that  the  conservatise  candidate  Richardson,  le  a  lO STYLE=superscript  ,  ll STYLE=superscript  to  retire,  and  that  the  liberal  candidate  Richardson,  will  opjosed  by  a  Mr.  Stannus.  .  .  THE  TENANT  CONFERENCE.  —The  were  fr  sumed  yesterday  evening.  The  following  members  of  PO'  liament  were  present:—Messrs.  Duffy,  Lucas,  Kennedy,  Moore,  Shee,  Swift,  Bowyer,  Potter,  and  Magan,  vil  o STYLE=superscript  severally  addressed  the  meeting.  Amongst  the  other  celebfi'  ties  who  spoke  were  :  Mr.  Sharman  Crawford,  and  gt'  Patrick  Lalor,  who  was  formerly  member  for  the  (two'  county,  when  he  took  his  .  place  in  the  House,  clad  in  00  garb  of  an  Irish  peasant,  viz.,  a  grey  frieze  coat  and  knec  breeches.  The  proceedings,  as  might  have  been  augur  c STYLE=superscript  did  not  pass  off  without  a  shindy.  Father  Quade,  a  Ron  ls STYLE=superscript  .  Catholic  clergyman,  who  made  himself  very  prominent  re  behalf  of  the  liberal  candidates  in  Clare,  made  use  of  opportunity  to  attack  the  Nation  for  its  advocacy  at  the  tinl  a  of  the  Tory  Colonel  Vandeleur.  Should  they  have  alloW  u  e„,  into  said  the  reverendpolitician,  a  man  I'm:  endeavoured-to  deceive  themby  specious  promises,  and,  who'  he  considered  he  had  gained  the  day,  caused  his  minions  t  i STYLE=superscript  strike  up  '  Croppies  Lie  Down'  and  the  '  Protestant  Bo  in  the  streets  of  Kilrush  ?  Should  they  have  sanctioned  return  of  the  volunteer  detective  of  1848  (This  w  A  allusion  to  Colonel  Vandeleur  having  endeavoured  to  capswA  Richard  O'Gorman,  for  whose  head  £3OO  pounds  reward  i  , STYLE=superscript  ,,,  offered.  The  gallant  Colonel  fitted  out  a  yacht  in  '4B  ,  P' STYLE=superscript  e  f  the  purpose  of  watching  the  west  coast  .)  This  sally  of  Fani  a  ,  Quade  was  productive  of  great  confusion,  and  notwithstan  ie  ing  that,  he  declared  his  intention  to  go  on,  how  ever  peol  i STYLE=superscript  b  might  the  he  was  at  last  obliged  to  s  u  ccual,  and  take  his  seat.  Mr.  Duffy  then  replied,  and  was  backed  by  Mr.  Lucas..  Rev.  Mr.  Quade  got  up  again,  when  bei  °6 STYLE=superscript  called  to  order,  he  expressed  ins  determination  no  t  to  1  hunted  A  general  cross-fire  of  words  then  to/  4  place,  half-a-dozen  speaking  at  a  time,  which  was  01 STYLE=superscript  $  ended  by  Mr.  Quade  being  allowed  have  his  way'  which  was  received  with  very  little  satisfaction  howec  e STYLE=superscript  '&#34;  The  confusion  was  afterwards  renewed  by  Mr.  Duffy  callinteo°  Dr.  M'Knight,  the.  editor  of  the  -Banner.  of  Ulster,.  is  account  for  some  remarks  in  that  journal.  On  the  princlP  r.  of  sending  the  joke  round,  Dr.  M'Knight  attacked  IL  Lucas,  who,  he  said,  had  endeavoured  to  induce  Sir  So  t  Young  to  postpone  all  legislation  on  the  subject  of  Teu  3 STYLE=superscript  l,  l STYLE=superscript  o  Right.  Mr.  Lucas  :  It's  a  lie  ;  what's  your  authority  %  Dr.  M'Knight  :  isn't;  you  told  mo  so  [f,  Oh,  Lord  [Laughter.]  Mr.  Lucas  :  V  unsaitigated  falsehood.  It  is  not  truo.  It  has  no  foundiL,',  tion  in  fact,  and  is  all  the  invention  of  a  wicked  mind.,  (Cheers  and  confusion.)  Mr.  Moore  :  Oh,  yes  ;he  a,v,  tacked  me  too,  in  the  Banner  of  Dr.  MlCiaigll'i  I  didn't.&#34;  Mr.  Moore:  Yes,  you  did  ;  you  said  I  Il  i  to  Mr.  D'lsraeli,  and  asked  him  to  make  me  secretary  2  ° STYLE=superscript  Dr.  M‘Knight  :  I  didn't.&#34;  Mr.  Moore:  I° STYLE=superscript  t  11 STYLE=superscript  Dr.  M‘Knight  I  didn't,  what  I  said  was,  03.  you  offered  Mr.  D'lsraeli  your  '  Mr.  Mo  l  ore;  Who  told  you  so  Dr.  M‘limht  :  Oh,  sorneb°  u STYLE=superscript  ,,  I, STYLE=superscript  that  knows—its  quite  Mr.  Moore  :  is  no',  Dr.  M‘Knight  :  It  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.,  followed  by  f°4  3 STYLE=superscript  o  siderable  confusion,  amidst  which  exeunt  omnes  till  tWol  o'clock  to-day.  As  _  THE  LATE  SUICIDE  IN  FRENCH  - STYLE=superscript  STREET.---YeSterditY,  t STYLE=superscript  7,  Commissioners  of  Police,  upon  receiving  a  receipt  and  Ce STYLE=superscript  'a  tificate  of  indemnity,  ordered  all  the  money,  clothes,  1  13 STYLE=superscript  )6  other  articles  which  had  been  in  the  possession  of  deceased  AP  Farlane,  alias  Webster,  to  be  given  up  .  to  .  Grainger,  of  the  Jedburgh  Bank.  The  gold  chain  Wl  '  had  been  presented  by  the  deceased,  to  the  girl,  EOP  - STYLE=superscript  Fawcett,  was  likewise  given  up  to  that  gentleman.  WEAVERS'  &amp;mum—According  to  the  last  accounts,.  A  i  strike  of  the  'Weavers'  in  Drogheda  is  progressing.,  to  great  injury  of  business  in  that  town.  o  IRIS/1  TRADE  WITH  THE  BALTIC.—THE  WAR.  Y  Ol  l  following  orrespondencc  appears  in  the  Belf  as  t  fie  o  f  Letter  .  —My  Dear  Sir—l  am  sorry  to  trespss  on  roe  va  l  ua  ble  time,  but  I  do  so  at  the  instance  of  some  ot  leading  merchants  of  Belfast,  engaged  in  the  Baltic  trin  y  who  naturally  enough  begin  to  entertain  serious  appreb  e STYLE=superscript  o  sions  for  the  safety  of  their  ships  and  cargoes  coming  o  e STYLE=superscript  t  y  month  from  the  Baltic  with  flax  and  flaxseed,  should  rt  i  pending  negotiations  fail  amicably  to  adjust  the  eas  te STYLE=superscript  d  question.  As  the  subject  is  one  which  deeply  affects  one  our  great  branches  of  commerce,  the  linen  trade  of  Ulsteqo  feel  I  shall  be  readily  excused  for  troubling  you  it-ith  ti  ff  communication.  The  value  of  flaxseed  imported  annt  ti  t  here  from  Riga  may  be  estimated  at  somethin  a'l  7  o  70,000/,  whilst  the  flax  brought  from  the  Baltic  vial  taken  at  five  times  that  amount  ;  and  this  is  the  season  o  f  which  merchants  generally  send  forward  their  shiPso  orders  for  supplies  of  seed.  The  value  of  property  therci  o  ra  at  stakes  in  the  United  Kingdom  is  very  con  si  de  r  able,  1  9 STYLE=superscript  .,,g  especially  when  we  include  the  value  of  the  ships  cone/the  it.  The  merchants  apprehend  that  in  the  event  of  war  o  d  Russians  might  confiscate  their  ships  and  cargoes,  t'  er  e  this  apprehension  is  increased  from  the  fact  that  Obit,  is  no  British  fleet  of  the  line  in  the  Baltic  ca  t  is  of  affording  them  protection.  I  know  not  how  i'  l  .o  comes  within  your  province  to  quiet  such  alarms,  °di  satisfy  the  mercantile  community  that  the  government  ic'  afford  them  all  requisite  proteCtion,  but  'flaying  .  been  'it  quested  to  make  this  communication,  and  concurring  i  n STYLE=superscript  i  te  , STYLE=superscript  necessity  .  and  importance,  I  should  be  culpable  if  I  0111 STYLE=superscript  0  v  a  post,  in  submitting  these  'details  for  your  consider  3, STYLE=superscript  1- STYLE=superscript  0  1  living  that  you  will  favour  me  with  an  early  reel  this  all  important  subject,  I  have  the_  honour  to  D  e STYLE=superscript  '  0  5  dear  Sir,  your  very  obedient  servant,  RICHARD  ELS•l  l STYLE=superscript  id  '  e  li  M.P.,  for  Belfast.  To  the  Right  Hon.  Edward  Car  i  ar  t  iol  President,  Board  of  Trade,  London.  We  understand  e  ll  , STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Davison  has  had  a  communication  from  Mr.  Cart.'  c  l STYLE=superscript  i  s' STYLE=superscript  e  rl  in  reply,  intimating  that  the  subject  is  under  the  Fonit  tion  of  the  government,  and  that,  upon  their  arriving  1 STYLE=superscript  ';  definite  conclusion  upon  the  matter,  the  President  0 STYLE=superscript  '  Board  of  Trade  will  communicate  with  Mr.  Davison.  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLMER,  of  Oxford-street,  at  his  General  Printing  and  Set  t STYLE=superscript  Establishment,  19,  South  John-street,  ,Liverpool.  THtTRSDAY,  OCTOBER  6,  1853,  '  P4_TB00133 THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES"
