text
"COUNTY  COURT.----Y  E  STERDAY  The  Court  sat  at  ten  o'clock,  yesterday.  GALLAHER  V.  MARSTON.—The  plaintiff  in  this  case  was  a  person  named  John  Gallaher,  a  porter  living  in  Suffolk Suffolkstreet,  street, Suffolkstreet,  who  sought  to  recover  £3O  ss.  6d.,  from  Henry  Marston,  a  warehouseman  in  the  employment  of  Messrs.  Pappianni  and  Co.,  merchants.  The  amount  claimed,  was  for  dinners  supplied  to  the  plaintiff  during  104  weeks,  from  October,  1847,  to  October,  1349,  at  6s.  per  week,  £3l  45.,  and  attendance  7s.  6d.  which  was  reduced  by  cash  paid  to  the  sum  mentioned,  £3O  ls.  6d.  Mr.  C.  I.  Aspinall  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Grocott  for  the  defence.  The  evidence  was  of  a  remarkably  contradictory  nature.  It  appeared  that  the  defendant  had  employed  plaintiff  as  a  porter  in  Messrs..  Pappianni's  warehouse  in  the  year  1845,  and  continued  him  in  that  occupation  until  the  early  part  of  the  present  year,  when  plaintiff  became  ill  for  some  time,  and  was  finally  discharged.  _  _  Mrs.  GALLAHER,  wi(e  of  the  plaintiff,  deposed  that  defendant  had  got  dinner  every  day  at  her  house  during  that  period,  and  that  he  entered  into  a  contract  with  her  to  pay  at  the  rate  of  6s.  a  week.  The  evidence  was  corroborated  by  two  other  women  named  Ellen  Barrett  and  Mary  Barrett.  The  DEFENDANT  was  examined,  and  positively  disclaimed  the  debt  and  the  contract  altogether.  He  admitted  that  he  had  occasionally  dined  at  Mrs.  Gallaher's,  but  not  frequently,  and  stated  that  during  the  time  mentioned,  he  had  been  in  the  habit  of  frequenting  an  ordinary  in  Paradise-street,  and  another  dining-house.  Mrs.  GALLAHER  was  again  called,  and  repeated  her  former  statement.  His  HONOR  asked  what  religion  she  professed.  Mrs.  GALLIIIER  replied,  the  Roman  Catholic.  His  HONOR  :  How  often  do  you  go  to  confession  ?  WITNESS  :  Once  a  month.  His  HONOR  :  When  where  you  last  there  ?  WITNESS  :  About  four  weeks  ago.  His  HONOR  :  Do  you  attend  regularly  ?  WITNESS  :  Always.  His  HONOR  :  Do  you  know  how  you  will  have  to  an answer  swer answer  for  it,  if  you  tell  a  falsehood  ?  WITNESS  :  I  am  well  aware  of  it.  His  HONOR  then  called  the  defendant  and  asked  him,  if,  after  what  he  had  heard,  he  still  persevered  in  his  former  statement.  The  defendant  again  denied  having  en entered  tered entered  into  the  contract,  or  dined  at  the  house  for  the  time  alleged.  On  the  part  of  the  defendant,  it  was  urged  that  he  had  not,  until  lately,  heard  of  the  claim,  and  it  was  ad admitted  mitted admitted  for  the  plaintiff,  that  he  was  unwilling  to  send  in  the  bill  while  he  was  retained  by  the  defendant  in  his  em employment.  ployment. employment.  His  Honor  said  :  I  have  felt  it  necessary  to  ask  the  witness,  Mrs.  Gallaher,  some  questions,  which  I  do  not  think  I  ever  put  to  a  witness  before.  However  persons  may  differ  with  regard  to  certain  creeds,  it  will  not  be  denied,  that  a  woman  who  attends  her  religious  duties,  whatever  may  be  her  creed,  is  less  likely  to  tell  a  falsehood  than  one  who  is  irregular  in  these  duties.  I  believe  this  woman's  statement,  and  I  believe  the  money  was  paid  as  stated,  and  that  the  conversations  did  take  place  '  •  but  I  have  great  doubt  upon  one  part  of  the  matter,  that  is  the  exact  number  of  times  that  Mr.  Marston  dined  there.  I  do  not  under understand,  stand, understand,  from  his  own  account,  how  it  could  be  incorrect  that  he  did  dine  there  very  frequently.  I  also  believe  the  wit witness  ness witness  Mary  Barrett,  when  she  spoke  of  his  coming  there  very  frequently  ;  and  I  believe  that  generally  she  is  correct  as  re respects  spects respects  the  fact  of  his  having  been  there  a  great  number  of  times.  With  regard  to  the  actual  amount  of  the  debt,  lam  not  so  sure  of  the  accuracy  of  that  matter;  but  I  believe  that  Mr.  Marston  must  have  been  going  there  repeatedly,  dining  there  repeatedly,  and  that  he  had  no  fixed  place  of  dining  then,  although  he  has  one  now,  and  that  as  he  dined  repeatedly  at  Gallaher's,  he  is  bound  to  pay  for  it.  lam  in  great  doubt  as  to  the  exact  number  of  times,  and  the  persons  who  spoke  of  his  being  there  every  day  were  probably  not  quite  correct  in  that  particular.  I  dare  say  he  did  not  dine  there  exactly  every  day.  I  shall  therefore  deduct  one-third  of  the  amount  which  is  claimed,  and  give  a  verdict  for  £2O.  One  remark  was  made  by  Mr.  Grocott  very  properly,  as  to  the  account  having  been  delayed  a  very  long  time.  At  the  same  time  that  is  quite  consistent  with  the  reason  given  by  the  plaintiff,  that  so  long  as  he  was  employed  he  did  not  like  to  press  the  claim,  but  of  course  that  reason  ceased  to  exist  when  he  left  the  employment.  _  _  PENNINGTON  v.  BLAKE.—This  was  an  action  arising  out  of  a  case  tried  in  the  court  a  short  time  since,  in  which  the  present  defendant  claimed  compensation  for  the  value  of  sheep  worried  by  a  dog  belonging  to  Mr.  Pennington.  In  the  present  case  Mr.  Pennington  sought  to  recover  £lO  from  Mr.  Blake,  for  the  value  of  the  dog,  which  was  hanged  by  the  directions  of  the  defendant.  Mr.  Pope  appeared  for  the  plaintiff  and  Mr.  Hime  for  the  defence.  Mr.  Pope  was  proceeding  to  call  witnesses  for  the  purpose  of  establishing  his  case,  when  Mr.  Hime  said  he  would  save  trouble  by  ad admitting  mitting admitting  that  his  client  was  not  justified  in  killing  the  dog,  which  had  not  been  actually  found  attacking  the  sheep,  and  the  action  was,  therefore,  undefended,  merely  resolving  itself  into  a  question  of  value.  COURT  :  The  killing  of  the  dog  might  not  perhaps  be  jus justified  tified justified  at  all,  if  you  could  have  prevented  him  doing  the  mis mischief  chief mischief  in  any  other  other  way.  The  plaintiff  was  then  examined,  and  deposed,  that  he  was  offered  £lO  for  the  dog,  and  that  he  refused  to  sell  him  for  that  amount,  and  that  he  considered  him  to  be  worth  at  Ipat,Xlo.  To  Mr.  Hime  :  Got  the  dog  about  nine  months  before  he  was  killed,  which  was  upon  the  20th  of  August.  He  was  a  good  house  dog.  Never  received  notice  that  the  dog  should  be  kept  out  of  the  defendant's  fields.  Was  told  by  his  wife  that  the  dog  was  in  the  habit  of  chasing  and  worrying  the  sheep.  Mr.  POPE  :  Has  the  dog  ever  been  shot  over  ?  PLAINTIFF  :  He  has.  His  HONOR  :  How  old  was  he  when  you  got  him?  PLAINTIFF  :  About  two  years.  His  HONOR  :  He  could  scarcely  have  been  broken  at  two  years  old.  PLAINTIFF  :  He  was  well  broken.  His  HONOR  :  If  he  was  well  broken  he  would  not  bite  sheep.  Did  you  use  him  for  sporting  yourself  ?  ..  PLAINTIFF  .. STYLE=superscript  :  No  sir.  The  gentlem  - STYLE=superscript  an  who  owned  him  first,  and  who  gave  him  to  me,  shot  over  him.  .  His  HONOR  •  Is  that  gentleman  here  ?  .  ._.  PLAINTIFF;  He  is  The  gentleman  who  originally  owned  the  do  g  was  called,  and  deposed  that  he  bad  frequently  used  him  for  sporting,  and  that  he  valued  him  at  £3.  Would  have  given  that  money  himself  for  him.  Mr:  HIME  :  For  what  purpose  ?  WITNESS  :  For  shooting.  Mr.  limn  :  How  old  was  he  ?  WITNESS  said  about  three  years.  His  HONOR  :  I  will  give  a  verdict  for  the  value  which  this  gentleman  puts  upon  the  dog,  £3.  SMITH  v.  SUTTCLIFFE.—This  was  a  case  adjourned  for  the  production  of  evidence.  Mr.  Smith  claimed  compensation  for  injuries  done  him  by  a  cart  alleged  to  belong  to  Mr.  Joseph  Suttcliffe.  It  appeared  that  on  the  3rd  of  August,  the  plaintiff  was  passing  along  Berry-street,  in  the  direction  of  Great  George's-street,  when  he  was  knocked  down  by  a  cart,  which  was  carelessly  driven  by  a  boy.  A  gentleman,  who  picked  up  the  plaintiff  and  prevented  him  from  being  run  over,  deposed  at  the  former  hearing  that  just  as  the  cart  was  driving  round  the  corner  he  saw  the  defendant's  name  upon  it.  Several  persons  who  were  standing  by  also  stated  to  him  that  it  was  the  defendant's  cart,  but  none  of  these  parties  came  forward  at  the  hearing  of  the  case.  On  the  part  of  the  defendant  it  was  positively  denied  that  the  cart  was  his,  and  his  driver,  a  boy,  distinctly  swore  that  he  knew  nothing  of  the  occurrence,  and  that  on  the  day  in  question,  when  he  was  driving  his  master's  cart,  no  such  thing  took  place.  The  case  was  therefore  adjourned,  in  order  to  afford  the  plaintiff  an  opportunity  of  producing  further  evidence  if  he  could.  Mr.  Gnocorr  stated  that  the  plaintiff  had  advertised  since  the  former  hearing,  offering  a  reward  to  any  one  present  at  the  time  who  would  come  forward  and  give  evidence,  but  no  one  had  appeared.  _  _  The  boir  - STYLE=superscript  who  drove  defendant's  cart  was  again  called,  and  repeated  his  former  evidence  ;  but  admitted  that  he  might  have  returned  home  by  Berry-street  upon  the  day  in  question.  His  HONOR  :  This  case  has  peen  investi investigated,  gated, investigated,  and  not  more  so  than  it  deserves,  but  I  cannot  say  that  I  am  clearly  satisfied  that  it  was  Mr.  Suttcliffe's  cart  which  did  the  damage.  Neither  am  I  satisfied  that  it  was  not,  and  I  regret  to  state  that  I  am  not  at  all  satisfied  by  the  evidence  of  the  boy,  that  he  knows  nothing  about  the  occurrence.  But  I  must  be  satisfied  clearly  that  Mr.  Sutt Suttcliffe  cliffe Suttcliffe  is  accountable  for  the  damages,  before  I  could  give  verdict  s  t  c.;..st  him.  I  cannot  make  him  arcu-erable  for  what  has  not  been  distinctly  proved  a  6  dinst  him.  It  is  very  clear  that  a  cart  did  the  damage  to  Mr.  Smith,  and  did  it  in  a  most  unjustifiable  manner,  and  that  the  cart  was  driven  by  a  young  boy,  and  that  the  damage  was  done  at  the  corner  of  Berry-street.  A  gentleman,  who  picked  Mr.  Smith  up  and  prevented  the  cart  from  running  over  him,  appears  to  have  had  his  senses  perfectly  under  control,  but  he  had  only  the  single  instant,  while  the  cart  was  driving  round  the  corner,  to  see  what  name  was  on  it.  I  must  confess  that  lam  not  at  all  satisfied  with  what  the  boy  has  stated.  ,  At  his  Honor's  desire  the  boy  was  again  placed  in  the  box,  when  His  HONOR  said  :  You  have  been  listening  very  attentively  to  what  I  have  said,  and  I  am  sure  you  perfectly  compre comprehend  hend comprehend  it.  It  has  not  been  proved  to  day  that  your  master's  cart  did  not  do  this  damage,  and  I  am  not  satisfied  that  you  have  told  me  all  you  know  about  it.  The  day  may  come  when  there  will  be  evidence  brought  to  prove  it,  and  if  I  find  hereafter,  as  it  may  be  I  shall  find,  that  you  are  the  per-Son  who  did  the  mischief,  I  give  you  warning  that  I  shall  un undoubtedly  doubtedly undoubtedly  consider  it  my  duty  to  send  you  to  take  your  trial  for  perjury.  At  present  that  has  not  been  done,  and  I  tell  you  this  that  you  may  !know  in  what  position  you  stand.  Upon  the  evidence  which  has  been  produced,  and  as  the  per persons  sons persons  at  the  occurrence  have  not  come  forward,  I  am  bound  to  say  that  the  case  has  not  been  made  out.  His  Honor,  therefore,  declared  the  case  dismissed.  RIME  appeared  for  the  defendant.  CLOSING  OF  TILE  DUBLIN  EXFIIBITION.—The  Dublin  Exhibition  of  Industry  will  be,  closed  on  Monday  next  at  four  o'clock.  His  Excellency'  the  Lord  Lieutenant  will  preside  at  the  ceremony,  and  will  confer  the  honor  e  knighthood  on  Mr.  C.  P.  Rooney,  the  most  active  organirer  of  the  undertaking.  A  musical  performance  on  a  great  4 STYLE=superscript  ale  will  take  place  in  the  building."
