text
"in  the  ministry  speaking  and  bowing  .  ,  instead  of  their  being  performance  of  duty  (Loud  c  it  reee  i  in  G  agree  with  Mr.  Urquhart  'in  describing  . STYLE=superscript  th(  tools  and  the  creatures  of  Russia.  (  gentleman  meant  only  that  there  had  I)  against  Russia,  and  that  Russia  would  have  been  checked  if  our  government  had  been  more  up  to  the  mark  of  duty  then  he  (Dr.  Vaughan\  honed  they  wet  And  his  concl  incipali  clearing►  of  the  mouths  Of  the  Danuli  Those  fine  valleys  that  lie  it  into  comparison  with  it  ri  a  want  of  decision  and  that  s  what  he  to  tell  th  than  tt  comfit  tieth,  in  the  way  of  export  to  us,  and  import  by  it  little  vigour  on  the  part  of  t  ~  which  a  might  secure  for  that  country,  and  for  hear.)  He  trusted  we  should  attend  to  the  blue  books  more,  that  we  should  look  to  the  diplomacy  more,  and  study  to  be  up  in  the  foreign  questions,  quite  as  much  as  in  our  home  questions.  It  was  a  part  of  English  education  that  needed  to  be  brought  up,  so  as  to  be  present  with  our  education  in  domestic,  political,  and  econominal  questions.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  resolution  was  carried  unanimously.  The  Rev.  Dr.  VAUGHAN  again  rose,  and  moved  the  fol following  lowing following  resolution  :  That  this  meeting  rejoices  in  the  de determination  termination determination  of  the  British  government  to  uphold  the  hide-  of  arm  (Cheer  kir.  Peter  ROYLE  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  unanimously  Votes  of  thanks  having  been  voted  to  Sir  Charles  id  Mr.  Urquhart,  and  to  the  chairman,  the  separated  HREWSBURY  AUTUMN  - STYLE=superscript  RACES  YESTERDAY YESTERDAYTHIRD  THIRD YESTERDAYTHIRD  AND  LAST  DAY.  e  weather  wa  crowded  with  spectators  Subjoined  is  the  result  of  t  Chronicle  last,  in  v  that  0:  THE  I  a  for  Bent,  who  Have  3  -Yes,  r  he  put  IND  )efore  Lord  (FROM  (  Liver-  ':ere  with  you'  )IV'  N  CORRESPONDENT.)  BUTLDINC  great  favorite  of  the  Dublin  pul  winter  .CNALLY,  Jury,  in  nave  r  of  a  husban  chiefly  express,  e,  at  r  auc  bot  Guayaquil,  is  5d  and  on  is  81-d.  he  demand  f  iu  qualit  to  tll  iill  enny  is  to  I  From  t  DAY.  EVENING,  rs  that  thi  be  lost  ill  not  ceregal  1  3  the  next  after  term  sit  DISTR  on  t  lIARKET  7,000  1  most  1  -5  been  q  1,000  of  which  have  I  EXCHANG  the  value  thereof  corrol  ation  to  Mr  'day,  for  the  )aily  Time  st  India  has  to  report  300  )  arrive,  id  common  tin  is  11d  to  1  -  YESTERDAY  The  sal,  Lerably  free  anwhilc,  has  upon  the  trade  of  the  week.  and  meal  is  Is  t-/  load  lower.  Old  beans  firm  ,  is  1  car  cheaper.  Peas  are  rather  easier  to  buy  corn  is  without  alteration.  Choic,.;,  alone  saleable  at  last  week's  quotations  ur  sell  new,  6d  t  9  Indian  season-made  malt  i  3  Dcspatces  were  received  at  the  Colonial  Office  yesterday  morning  from  the  Governor  of  Gibralter.  LIVERPOOL  AMATEUR  GLEE  -AND  M  This  society's  sixth  performance  is  this  evening  in  the  new  Clayton  Hall,  when,  it  IiDRIGAL  UNION  announced  to  be  given  forte  pie  ,ddition  to  will  be  perforracd  by  Herr  Frederick  'Unger  of  remarkable  ability,  whose  debut  at  a  German  ptanis  Manchesier  on  Wednesday  eveni  THE  COAL  AND  IRON  TRA.DI  7,  was  most  •  successful  assumes  itisfactory  position,  generally  speaking,  and  the  return  of  the  colliers  to  their  work  looks  well.  We  wish  that  the  men  would  avail  themselves  of  the  present  oppor opportunity  tunity opportunity  which  is  afforded  them  of  doing  plenty  of  work,  but  such,  we  are  afraid,  will  not  be  the  case.  A  circular  has  a  Very  been  issued  this  week  by  the  agent  of  the  largest  coal  pro proprietor  prietor proprietor  in  this  district,  announcing  a  rise  of  is  per  ton  upon  heathen  coal  and  lumps  which  makes  the  coal  of  this  de description  scription description  13s  per  ton,  and  the  lumps  11s.  The  demand  for  the  coal  is  still  very  great  and  far  in  excess  of  the  supply,  although  a  greater  quantity  is  thrown  into  the  market  from  a  number  of  new  pits  just  opened.  The  pig  trade  has  been  rather  fluctuating  this  week,  and  the  demand  has  not  been  quite  as  good  as  it  was,  but  the  demand  for  manufactured  iron  continues  unabated  ,  and  the  mills  and  forges  present  a  scene  o-  great  activity.  Labour  continues  in  very  great  roiliest,  and  it  is  a  rarity  to  see  an  unemployed  man  in  the  neighbourhood.—  Wolverhampton  Herald  of  yester  day.  LOMBARD-STREET  BRANCA  POST-OFFICE  SOLVED.—APPREHENSION  OF  TILE  BURGLAR  YESTERDAY.  —lt  may  be  remembered  that  on  the  4th  inst.  one  of  those  mysterious  robberies  which  have  of  late  occured  iu  the  City,  took  place  at  the  Lombard-street  Post-office,  THE  ROBBERIES  AT  TII  when  sor"
