text
"AUSTRALIA.  The  Typhoon,  from  Port  Philip,  has  brought  7373  ounces  of  gold,  Valued  at  429400:  The  Marlbo Marlborough  rough Marlborough  (as  stated  yesterday)  has  Also  arrived  with  72,000  ounces,  valued  at  £288,000,  With  the  im imports  ports imports  previously  reported,  the  total  receipts  of  gold  in  England  amount  to  X  630,000.  The  Essex  is  likewise  reported,  but  her  amount  of  gold  is  not  .yet  ascertained.  It  is  believed,  however,  that  she  has  at  least  brought  about  10,000  ounces.  The  dates  brought  by  the  Marlborough  (Allen  W.  Young)  from.  Port  Philip  reach  to  the  4th  July,  this  vessel  having  arrived  off  the  Lizard  in  83  days.  Her  advices  therefore,  are  nearly  a  month  later  then  those  previously  to  hand,  and,  together,  with  those  of  a  rather  earlier  date,  which  have  also  been  received  by  other  vessels,  are  of  an  important  character,  since  they  will  increase  the  serious  anti antieipatioas  eipatioas antieipatioas  expressed  regarding  the  .  probable  fate  of  the  consignments  lately  made  from  this  country  to  the  colony.  The  import  market  for  goods  was  already  overstocked,  and  a  vast  proportion  of  those  which  consisted  of  unsuitable  articles  were  ap apparently  parently apparently  being  sacrificed  at  auction  at  little  more  than  nomonal  prices.  With  respect  to  provision,  a  similar  state  of  affairs  seem  to  have  approached.  Sales  that  had  been  made  of  malt  liquors  to  arrive  had  been  disowned  by  the  purchasers  on  various  pretexts,  while,  as  regards  flour,  it  is  said  there  were  50,000  barrels  in  the  port,  a  great  portion  of  which,  according  to  some  accounts,  would  be  shipped  to  England.  The  Eagle,  which  was  to  sail  about  the  beginning  of  July,  is  said  to  be  bringing  over  6000  brls.  at  a  freight  of  about  Bs.per  .  ships,  with  cargoes  on  board,  were  lying  in  the  harbour,  and  meanwhile  the  charge  for  lighterage  was  becoming  more  exorbitant,  355.  per  ton  being  .demanded  for  free,  and  40s.  to  455.  for  bonded  goods:  An  impression  seems  to  have  prevailed  in  the  colony  that  after  the  present  arrival  future  supplies  might  probably  be  only  moderate,  and  that  hence  some  recovery  in  prices  might  be  looked  for  when  the  roads  to  the  mines,  which  had  for  some  time  been  impassible,  should  again  be  opened,  more  especially  as  the  accounts  of  the  gold  production  were  very  favourable,  and  it  was  understood  that  goods  were  wanted  there.  Those  hopes  of  a  more  satisfactory  state  of  affairs  cannot,  however  be  trusted  to  the  same  extent  on  this  side,  where  the  consignments  sent  out  are  known  to  have  increased  week  by  week  uninterruptedly  for  more  than  six  months  since  the  sailing  of  the  latest  vessels  that  had  yet  reached  the  colony  The  revenue  of  Victoria  for  the  quarter  just  ended  again  showed  an  extraordinary  augmentation,  and  the  amount  of  gold  shipped  from  Port  Philip  alone  from  the  Ist  of  January  to  the  27th  of  June,  valued  at  £4  per  oz.,  was  £4,400,000.  The  price  of  gold  was  775.  6d.  per  oz.,  and  the  rate  of  exchange  on  London  was  2  premium,  with  an  expectation  that  it'  might  advance  to  4  premium.  In  the  latter  case  it  would  be  more  profitable  to  send  sovereigns  than  bills.  At  the  same  time,  large  •  quantities  of  gold  dust  were  in  course  of  transmission.  Just  before  the  departure  of  the  Marlborough  the  Union  Bank  of  Australia  had  given  notice  of  a  rob robbery,  bery, robbery,  which  had  caused  great  excitement.  It  ap appears  pears appears  that  a  case  of  note-forms  belonging  to  the  bank  had  been  stolen  from  a  vessel  in  Hobson's  Bay,  and  put  into  circulation  with  false  signatures.  The  forms  comprised  12,000  of  £1  each,  4,000  of  £5  1,000  of  £5O,  and  an  unspecified  number  of  £lO  to  £2O  each.  The  Cleopatra  steamer  was  to  leave  Port  Philip  for  Liverpool  on  the  27th  of  July,  and  the  Great  Britain  some  time  during  the  same  month.  -  The  - STYLE=superscript  Marlborough  has  brought  60  passen passengers  gers passengers  and  a  heavy  mail.  The  subjoined  letter  by  the  Typhoon  furnishes  a  full  and  practical  description  of  the  general  state  of  business  at  Port  Phillip  up  to  the  13th  of  June,  subsequently  to  which  date  the  markets  con continued  tinued continued  to  give  way  :-  •  The  importations  into  this  port  from  England  and  America  during  the  past  few  weeks  have  been  unpreceden unprecedentedly  tedly unprecedentedly  large,  and  have  already  begun  to  tell  upon  the  market.  Most  of  the  warehouses  are  crammed  with  goods,  provisions,  &amp;c.,  and  the  lack  of  storage  is  daily  forcing  vast  quantities  of  merchandise  to  hurried  disposal—generally  by  the  ham hammer.  mer. hammer.  By  this  means,  however,  the  market  is  being  gradually  relieved  of  many  trumpery  and  unsuitable  articles  sent  hither  by  'dabblers,'  or  inexperienced  'beginners'  under  the  mis mistaken  taken mistaken  and  too  prevalent  notion  that  anything  will  do  for  the  colonies'—a  notion,  of  which,  it  is  to  be  hoped,  their  present  experience  will  rid  them.  None  but  genuine  and  really  useful•  articles  are  wanted  here.  Meanwhile  the  presence  of  the  contrary  has  an  injurious  influence  upon  the  market.  The  very  large  importation  of  American  flour  and  breadstuffs,  and  the  accounts  of  large  qua  n  titi  es  ye  t  t  o  arr  i  ve,  have  caused  a  very  considerable  decline  in  the  prices  of  those  articles.  Grain  has  been  gradually  fallin  g  for  some  time,  and  a  downward  tendency  is  still  manif  es  t,  though  oats  are  slightly  recovering.  In  colonial  flour  the  decline  is  not  so  perceptible  as  in  foreign,  and  with  our  continually  increasing  population  it  is  not  probable  that  in  any  a  r  ticle  of  general  consumption  any  serious  depression  can  long  rule.  Almost  all  the  flour  from  England,  and  very  much  of  that  from  America,  arrives  soured,  from  what  cause  it  is  not  easy  to  determine  ;  but  very  often  it  is  attri attributable  butable attributable  to  bad  packing  and  deficiency  of  ventilation  in  the  holds  of  the  vessels.  Several  large  parcels  have  recently  arrived  in  50  lb.  tins,  and  all  in  beautiful  condition.  Ame American  rican American  may  be  quoted  at  £lB  to  £2O  (tins),  and  colonial  at  £27  to  £3O  per  ton.  Provisions  are  rather  lower.  Manu Manufactured  factured Manufactured  goods,  suitable  for  the  season,  find  purchasers  at  fairly  remunerative  rates,  as  also  ale,  porter,  and  spirits.  Building  materials  continue  in  great  demand,  but  the  profits  of  importers  are  most  materially  lessened  by  the  heavy  ex expenses  penses expenses  to  which  their  goods  a  re  su  bj  ec  t.  B  es  id  es  th  e  hi  g  h  rates  of  freight  and  insurance,  they  have  to  submit  to  the  charges  of  lighterage  from  the  bay,  at  the  rate  of  355.  to  40.  per  ton,  and  it  is  difficult  to  obtain  lighten;  even  at  these  rates,  and  several  ship  agents  have  recently  publicly  inti intimated  mated intimated  that  they  could  not  get  them,  and  that  consignees  must  engage  them  themselves,  and  be  prepared  to  pay  the  £lO  per  day  demurage  after  the  first  10  days,  of  cartage  in  the  town  at  7s.  per  one-horse  load,  and  those  who  have  not  stores  :Of  their  own,  of  storage  at  2s.  6d.  per  ton  per  week.  In  addition  to  all  this,  their  goods,  if  not  very  care carefully  fully carefully  looked  after,  are  most  unceremoniously  precipitated  into  a  sea  of  mud,  which  is  almost  the  chief  constituent  part  of  '  the  Queen's  wharf.'  New  houses  are  springing  up  every  day,  and  the  Americans  are  establishing  themselves  here  in  considerable  force.  Adams  and  Co.,  the  great  American  carriers,  have  opened  a  branch  here.  They  carry  to  every  part  of  the  world.  Their  opera operations  tions operations  in  this  quarter  are  likely  to  be  very  large.  The  wool  season  is,  strictly  speaking,  over  here,  but  a  few  lots,  which  have  been  'delayed  by  the  difficulty  (still  existing)  of  obtaining  carriage,  keep  dribbling  in  from  distant  stations,  where  it  is  probable  parts  of  some  few  clips  will  be  detained  till  after  the  winter.  But,  even  after  all  has  been  brought  down  and  shipped,  it  is  the  almost  universal  opinion  that  the  export  of  last  clip  will  show  an  actual  decrease  as  com compared  pared compared  with  that  of  the  previous  one,  instead  of  what  the  English  manufacturers  require,  a  possitive  increase.  A  very  large  proportion  too,  of  the  wool  this  year  is  sent  home  in  the  grease.  '  Prices  are  higher  here  than  those  which  ruled  at  the  last  Febrnary  sales  in  London  ;  but  considering  the  decrease  in  the  year's  export,  the  almost  universal  prevailence  of  the  scab,  which  continues  to  spread,  and  which  must  materially  effect  the  quality,  and  also  the  quantity  of  the  coming  clip  (the  foot-rot,  too,  is  becoming  very  prevelent),  and  considering  also  the  large  orders  for  manufacturedgoods  which  have  been  sent  home  from  those  colonies,  it  is  felt  that  an  'advance  in  price  must  still  take  place  in  the  English  market.  There  is  little  doing  in  tallow.  is  very  firm  at  775.  per  ounce,  and  is  only  to  be  obtained  in  small  quantities  even  at  that  price.  The  various  digo  b  ins'  continue  to  yield  largely,  but  appa  r  e  n  tly  no  t  more  than  the  colony  requires  for  remittance  in  return  for  im imports  ports imports  of  goods  and  specie.  The  banks  are  charging  2  per-cent  premium  f  or  bill  s  on  London.  The  purchase  draughts  against  hypothecated  gold  or  produce  at  par.  Rents  are  very  high.  A  moderate-sized  store  lets  readily  at  £2,000  per  annum,  a  respectable  family  house  at  £700.,  a  four-roomed  cottage  at  £l5O.  to  £2OO.  The  cry  is  still  for  emigrants,  but  only  for  such  as  will  work.  Carpenters  earn  easily  20s.  to  255.  per  day,  and  bricklayers  nearly  as  much;  and  any  man  may  make  10s.  per  day  on  the  MANCHESTER  ROYAL  INFIRMARY  AND  LIINATIO  HOSPITAL.—An  account  of  patients  admitted  during  the  week,  ending  Sept.  29th  ;  in-patients,  40  ;  out-patients,  165  ;  home..  patients,  43  ;  accident  in-patients,  28  ;  ditto  out-patients,  58  ;  lunatics,  1.  Patients  in  the  Infirmary,  173  ;  ditto  in  the  Lunatic  Hospital,  51."
