text
"STATE  OF  TRADE  IN  MANCHESTER.  THURSDAY.—Since  Tuesday  the  market  has  increased  in  dullness,  and  all  descriptions  of  cloth  and  yarn  are  heavy,  and  difficult  of  sale,  except  at  a  reduction  upon  Tuesday's  prices.  Buyers  are  operating  only  for  immediate  wants,  and  their  purchasers  are  confined  to  very  small  parcels.  Both  for  export  and  home  consumption  very  little  is  doing,  and  even  with  the  decreased  production  of  yarn  and  cloth,  as  stocks  are  accutnu accutnulating  lating accutnulating  in  agents'  hand;  and  but  for  the  strike  it  is  quite  clear  a  much  lower  range  of  prices  would  have  taken  place.  Fine  caps  are  quoted  considerably  lower.  Mr.  Rowland  Hill  calculates  that  the  State  loses,  by  carrying  newspapers,  £30,000  a-year,  while  by  car carrying  rying carrying  letters  it  gains  £1,000,000  a-year.  A  Roman  Catholic  priest  who  took  part  in  the  last  Sligo  election,  has  been  adjudged  to  pay  a  bill  of  £8  15s.  for  refreshments  supplied  to  voters  apparently  under  hip  duee~ivus.  .  _  MR.  COBDEN  ON  NATIONAL  EDUCATION  AND  THE  STRIKES  IN  THE  MANU-  FACTURING  DISTRICTS,  On  Tuesday  evening  lasViir:  Cobden  presided  at  the  re reopening  opening reopening  of  the  Barnsley  Mechanics'  Institution,  and  ad addressed  dressed addressed  a  numerous  and  respectable  audience.  •  The  President  of  the  institution,  and  some  other  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  having  addressed  the  meeting,  Mr.  COBDEN  rose,  and  was  received  with  loud  and  long longcontinued  continued longcontinued  cheering,  and  commenced  his  speech  by  showing  that  mechanics'  institutions  were  originally  intended,  when  launched  under  the  auspices  of  Dr.  Birkbeck,  to  supply  the  defects  of  early  education  to  that  class  who,  in  former  times,  had  not  had  an  opportunity  of  receiving  such  education.  Such  being  the  case,  it  was  not  enough  for  them  to  draw  together  a  large  - STYLE=superscript  number  of  membe  rs  in  their  lecture-room  or  library,  or  to  collect  books,  but  one  of  the  primary  objects  of  mechanics'  institutions  was,  to  enable  young  m  en  ,  f  ee  li  ng  themselves  deficient  in  some  branch  of  knowledge,  to  join  a  society  where  they  could  have  the  opportunity  of  repairing  such  deficiency.  They  must,  therefore,  determine  that  their  insti institution  tution institution  must  be—what  all  mechanics'  institutions  w  ere  intended  to  be—a  means  of  instruction  to  the  neglected  adult  popu population.  lation. population.  The  hon.  gentleman  strongly  urged  the  necessity  of  the  artisans  in  the  manufacturing  districts  being  instructed  in  drawing  and  the  art  of  designing,  and  therefore  they  must  connect  with  their  institution  a  class  for  drawing.  Referring  to  the  general  question  of  education,  the  hon.  member  said  :—lf,  in  consequence  of  the  advice  given  by  our  friend  Mr.  Wilderspin,  twenty  years  ago,  there  had  been  an  infant  school  established  in  every  village,  you  would  not  have  wanted  customers  for  your  mechanics'  institutions;  they  would  have  grown  up  around  you.  And  this  brings  me  to  the  question—leaving  for  a  moment  this  institution— institutionwhat  what institutionwhat  were  these  institutions  established  for  ?  Not  as  a  system  of  education,  but  to  supplement  the  want  of  educa education,  tion, education,  and  we  want  the  education  still  which  we  wanted  when  these  institutions  were  founded.  I  know  that  it  is  made  a  vexed  question,  and  to  some  extent  a  party  question.  I  never  regarded  it  as  a  party  question.  I  don't  care  through  what  it  comes.  Give  me  voluntary  education,  or  State  education—but  education  I  want.  (Loud  applause.)  I  cannot  accept  statistics  to  prove  the  number  of  people  who  attend  schools—to  prove  that  the  people  are  educated,  because  I  cannot  shut  my  eyes  to  what  is  evident  to  my  senses,—that  the  people  are  not  educated,—that  they  are  not  being  educated.  (Renewed  applause.)  I  was  talking  only  yester yesterday.  day. yesterday.  with  a  merchant  in  Manchester,  who  told  me  that  he  had  attended  at  the  swearing  in  of  the  militia  in  one  of  the  largest  manufacturing  towns  of  England,  and  that  not  one onehalf  half onehalf  of  those  sworn  in  could  read,  and  not  one-third  could  sign  their  names.  (Hear,  hear.)  Now,  without  wishing  to  utter  any  fanatical  opinion  with  regard  to  the  peace  ques question,  tion, question,  I  must  say,  with  all  sincerity,  I  think  it  would  have  been  much  better  to  hand  these  young  men  over  to  the  schoolmaster,  rather  than  to  the  drill-sergeant.  (Hear,  hear,  and  laughter.)  For  I  think  the  safety  of  this  country  would  be  more  promoted  by  teaching  them  to  read  and  write,  than  by  teaching  them  to  fac  e  a  b  ou  t  r  i  g  ht  r  i  g  htly.  (Laughter.)  I  was  talking  this  subject  over  to  an  old  friend  of  mine  at  Preston,  and  he  said,  I  attended  the  coroner  one  day  last  week  at  an  inquest.  There  were  13  jurymen;  five  signed  their  names,  and  eight  made  their  Can  I  shut  my  eyes  to  what  is  going  on  around  us  ?  I  cannot,  and  there therefore  fore therefore  I  say,  we  are  not  an  educated  people;  and  I  say  it  is  our  duty,  and  our  safety  calls  upon  us,  to  see  that  the  people  are  educated  ;  and  I  know  of  no  place  more  fitting  to  discuss  this  subject  than  in  such  a  meet meeting  ing meeting  as  this,  because,  I  take  it  for  granted,  you  are  all  interested  in  it.  You  all  admit  the  deficiency  of  juvenile  instruction,  or  you  would  not  have  attended  to  the  defective  adult  education.  (Hear,  hear.)  We  are  not  an  educated  people,  and  I  have  no  hesitation  in  asserting  that,  in  point  of  school  learning,  the  mass  of  the  English  people  are  the  least  instructed  of  any  Protestant  community  in  the  world.  Shame  I  say  that  delibe deliberately.  rately. deliberately.  I  remember  quite  well  at  the  time  of  the  Hungarian  emigration  into  this  country  after  the  revolution  a  very  distinguished  minister  or  religious  teacher  of  Hungary  was  talking  to  me  on  the  subject  of  our  education,  and  I  told  him  a  large  portion  of  our  people  could  neither  read  nor  write.  He  could  not  believe  it,  and  said,  If  it  is  true  a  large  pro proportion  portion proportion  of  your  people  can  neither  read  nor  write,  how  do  you  maintain  your  constitutional  franchises  and  your  poli political  tical political  liberties  ?  Why,  it  is  evident  to  me  that  your  institu institutions  tions institutions  are  rather  ahead  of  your  people,  and  that  this  self selfgovernment  government selfgovernment  is  only  a  habit  with  It  is  a  habit,  and  we  will  cling  to  it  and  hold  it  ;  hut  I  want  a  safer  foundation.  I  want  to  have  our  self-government  a  habit  of  appreciation—something  our  people  will  be  proud  of,  and  not  simply  a  habit  ;  and  there  is  no  security  unless  it  is  based  upOi;  a  wider'  intelligence  of  the  people  than  we  meet  with  at  the  present  moment.  It  meets  us  let  every  turn—you  can't  do  anything  in  social  reform  but  you  are  met  with  the  question  of  education.  Take  the  question  of  sanitary  reform.  Why  do  people  live  in  bad  cellars,  sur surrounded  rounded surrounded  by  filth  and  disease  ?  Your  may  say  it  is  their  po poverty;  verty; poverty;  but  their  poverty  ',comes  as  much  from  their  igno ignorance  rance ignorance  as  their  vices;  and  their  vices  often  spring  from  their  ignorance.  (Applause.)  The  great  mass  of  the  people  don't  know  what  the  sanitary  laws  are  ;  they  dont  know  that  ventilation  is  good,  for  health;  they  don't  know  that  the  miasma  of  an  wascavenged  street  or  impure  ally  is  productive  of  cholera  and  Raise....  If  they  did  know  these  things  people  - STYLE=superscript  would  take  care  they  Inhabited  better  houses  uud  if  people  were  only  more  careful  in  their  habits  than  they  are,  and  husbanded  their  means,  they  might  get  into  better  houses.  (Hear,  hear).  And  when  I  hear  persons  advocate  temperance,  which  I  as  one  of  the  most  temperate  men  in  the  world,  always  like  to  hear  advocated,  I  say  the  best  way  is  to  afford  them  some  other  occupation  or  recreation  than  that  which  is  derived  only  through  their  senses—the  best  way  is  to  give  them  education.  If  the  working  man  is  deprived  of  those  recreations  which  consist  of  the  intellectual  and  moral  enjoyments  that  education  and  good  training  give,  indni  g  h  en  e  ee  n  ,  naturally  falls  into  h  excitement  all  l  e  excitement  of  must  sensual  us  f  thave.  (Hear,  hear).  Therefore,  when  you  wish  to  make  them  more  temperate,  and  secure  moral  and  sanitary  and  social  improvements  among  the  working  classes,  education,  depend  upon  it,  mast  be  at  the  bottom  of  it  all.  Gentlemen,  I  see  in  different  parts  of  the  country  a  great  social  movement  going  on  between  different  classes  of  the  community.  For  instance,  in  the  town  of  Preston  you  have  20,000  to  30,000  persons  out  of  work,  and  there  is  in  that  place  not  a  chimney  but  is  cold  and  cheerless—neither  smoke  nor  steam  cheering  your  eyes.  Look  at  the  destitution  and  m  i  sery  cause  d  b  y  leaving  a  town  in  this  state  for  a  month  or  six  weeks.  Why  is  this  ?  I  answer  it  springs  from  ignoranCe.  (Hear,  hear).  Not  ignorance  confined  to  one  party  in  the  dispute.  (Ap (Applause.)  plause.) (Applause.)  It  is  ignorance  on  both  sides,  and  deplorable  in  its  result.  But  do  you  suppose  that  when  the  world  becomes  more  enlightened  you  will  have  such  a  scene  as  this,  of  a  whole  community  stopping STYLE=superscript  its  labours  for  a  month  or  six  weeks,  and  creating  misery,  immorality,  and  destitution  that  may  not  be  removed  for  five  or  six  years  to  come  ?  (Hear,  hear.  When  masters  and  men  understand  the  prin principles  ciples principles  upon  which  the  rate  of  wages  and  profits  depend,  they  will  settle  their  matters  and  arrange  their  differences  in  a  less  bungling  way  than  that  which  now  brings  so  much  Misery  upon  all  parties  to  the  quarrel.  (Applause.)  Even  now,  however,  we  see  great  progress  in  this  respect.  I  re remember  member remember  the  time  when  the  cessation  of  labour  by  25,000  persons  whould  have  led  to  riot  &amp;  disturbanco,  and  the  calling  out  of  the  military.  This  is  n  o  t  t  o  h  e  seen  now.  (Hear,  hear.)  We  see  passive  resistance  and  firmness  to  an  extent  which,  if  they  had  policy  and  propriety  at  their  back,  would  be  highly  desirable  and  most  commendable.  (Hear,  hear.)  But,  gentlemen,  we  shall  probably  live  to  see  the  time  when  another  step  will  be  taken  onward.  You  will  live  to  see  the  time  when  men  will  settle  these  matters,  not  by  resorting  to  blind  passion,  by  vituperation,  and  counter-vituperation  —when  the  question  of  wages  will  be  left  to  the  master  and  man  to  arrange  according  to  their  own  interest—when  the  whole  question  of  wages  and  the  rate  of  wages  will  be  settled  just  as  quietly  as  you  now  see  the  price  of  any  article  fixed  in  the  public  market.  (Hear,  hear.)  They  did  not  find  that  people  who  went  to  market  with  cattle,  potatoes,  or  anything  else,  struck  against  the  buyers  of  those  cattle  or  potatoes,.  They  did  not  find  that  the  seller  of  the  cattle  struck  against  the  seller  of  the  potatoes,  and  that  the  buyers  and  the  eaters  of  the  potatoes  stood  quietly  by  and  sta.  ma  while  the  potatoes  rotted.  They  did  not  find  men  doing  such  things;  but  they  found  that  it  was  by  the  higgling  of  the  market  that  they  tranquilly  decided  its  price  ;  they  thus  fixed  the  price  of  the  day,  and  the  whole  thing  was  quietly  settled  without  that  irritation  and  waste  of  property,  without  that  misery  and  suffering,  which  I  consider  most  painful,  and,  as  a  sign  of  the  intelligence  of  the  day,  the  most  discreditable  that  struggle  between  master  and  workpeople  which  is  passing  in  our  time.  (Applause.)  I  am  not  saying  one  word  of  the  merits  of  either  side  upon  this  question.  Both  parties  think  themselves  right,  and  -both  are,  no  doubt,  right  in  attempting  to  get  the  best  price  they  can,  the  one  for  his  labour,  and  the  other  for  his  capital  ;  but  if  there  were  more  intelligence  upon  this  question—if  the  laws  were  better  understood  which  decide  finally  and  inexorable  the  relative  value  of  labour  as  well  as  everything  else,  these  matters  would  be  settled  without  that  hideous  amount  of  suffering  which  I  deplore  to  see  accompanying  these  strikes  and  troubles  in  the  manufacturing  .  districts.  (Applause.)  And  when  I  say,  gentlemen,  that  intelligence  will  put  an  end  to  these  things,  I  am  only  saying  that  will  be  done  here  which  has  already  been  done  in  America.  (Hear,  hear.)  You  cannot  point  to  an  instance  in  America,  where  people  have  more  education  than  they  have  here,  of  the  total  cessation  from  labour  of  a  whole  community,  of  an  entire  town  :given  over  as  a  prey  to  destitution.  (Hear,  hear.)  You  cannot  point  out  such  an  instance  in  America  ;  neither  will  you  see  it  in  England  when  that  intelligence  and  enlightenment  which  those  i  ns  tit  u  ti  ons  are  intended  to  pro promote  mote promote  shall  be  spread  throughout  our  country.  (Loud  ap  plause.)  Well,  gentlemen,  this  brings  me  back  again  to  the  point  that  we  want  schools  —schools  to  teach  people  these  principles—  schools  to  teach  people  from  their  youth  to  take  a  calm  and  reasoning  view  of  the  things  which  affect  their  interest,  and  so  to  educate  them  that  they  shall  not  allow  others  to  lead  them  away  by  appeals  to  their  passions.  (Applause.)  We  shall  never  be  safe  as  a  manufacturing  and  mining  community  until  a  school  invariably  grows  up  along  with  every  manu  f  ac  t  ory,  an  d  a  t  the  mouth  of  every  pit  and  mine  in  the  kingdom.  (Loud  applause.)  Now,  gentlemen,  I  must  here  again  allude  to  America,  'When  /  came  through  Manchester  the  other  day  I  found  many  of  the  most  influential  manufacturing  capitalists  talking  very  gravely  upon  a  report  which  had  reached  them  from  a  gne gnetleman  tleman gnetleman  who  was  selected  by  the  Government  to  go  out  to  America  to  make  a  report  upon  the  Great  Exhibition  in-New  York.  That  gentleman  was  one  of  the  most  eminent  of  of  tue  mechanicians  and  machine-makers  of  Manchester,  employing  a  very  large  number  of  workpeople,  renowned  for  the  quality  of  his  productions,  and  known  in  the  scien•  tific  world,  and  whose  scientific  attainments  were  appre appreciated  ciated appreciated  from  the  Astronomer  Royal  downwards.  He  has  been  over  to  New  York  to  report  upon  the  progress  of  me mechanics  chanics mechanics  and  mechanical  arts  in  the  United  States.  Well,  he  has  returned.  No  report  from  him  to  the  Government  has,  as  yet,  been  published,  and  what  he  has  t  o  sa  y  specifi specifically  cally specifically  upon  the  subject  will  not  be  known  until  that  report  has  been  so  made  and  published  to  the  country.  But  it  has  oozed  out  in  Manchester  amongst  his  neigh neighbours,  bours, neighbours,  that  he  has  found  in  America  a  degree  of  intelligence  among  the  manufacturing  operatives  and  a  state  of  things  in  the  mechanical  arts  which  have  con convinced  vinced convinced  him  that,  if  we  are  to  hold  our  own—if  we  are  not  to  fall  back  in  the  rear  in  the  race  of  nations  —we  must  educate:oar  people  so  as  to  put  them  upon  a  level  with  the  more  educated  artisans  of  the  United  States.  (Applause).  We  shall  all  have  an  opportunity  of  judging  of  this  matter  when  that  report  is  issued  ;  but  sufficient  has  already  oozed  out  among  his  neighbours  to  excite  a  great  interest,  and,  I  may  say,  some  alarm.  Well,  I  am  delighted  to  find  an  intelligent  man  has  been  selected  for  this  duty,  for  all  the  world  will  approve  of  the  selection  made,  because  the  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  alluded  to  was  fully  competent  to  the  task  ;  and  he  has  come  back  to  tell  us  it  is  necessary  to  educate  the  people.  (Hear.  hear).  I  went  to  that  country  20  years  ago,  and  I  published  a  record  of  my  opinions.  That  was  written  in  1835,  and  I  stated  that  England  would  be  brought  to  the  consciousness  that  it  was  to  that  country  she  would  have  to  look  with  apprehension  as  to  manufacturing  rivalry  ;  and  now  I  am  delighted  that  it  should  turn  out  as  I  have  stated,  that  it  has  come  from  a  quarter—from  a  person  so  well  qualified  to  procure  correct  information  that  no  one  will  question  the  truth  of  his  report  when  it  comes  out.  I  say  I  am  delighted,  because  I  want  England  to  know  her  danger,  if  there  is  one.  (Hear,  hear).  Napoleon  used  to  say  to  those  in  communication  with  him,  you  have  any  bad  news  to  tell  me,  awake  me  at  any  hour  of  the  night,  for  good  news  will  keep,  but  bad  news  I  cannot  know  too  (Hear,  hear.)  I  say.  then,  I  am  delighted  with  this,  but  let  but  Englishmen  know  of  a  danger  to  face,  and  of  a  difficulty  to  surmount,  and  there  is  nothing  within  the  com compass  pass compass  of  human  capacity  which  they  will  not  accomplish;  but  the  great  misfortune  is,  that  Englishmen  are  too  much  given  up  to  and  incrusted  with  their  insular  pride  and  prejudice  —a  sort  of  Chinese  notion  of  superiority,—that  they  will  not  awaken  up  and  use  their  eyes  as  to  what  is  going  on  in  other  countries  until  it  is  too  late.  (Hear,  hear.)  lam  glad,  therefore,  that  this  question  is  to  be  brought  forward  ;  but  why  should  America  be  better  educated  than  England?  Do  you  think  that  a  new  country  which  has  the  wilderness  to  cultivate,  primeval  forests  to  level,  roads  to  make,  and  every  bridge  and  church  to  erect,—do  you  think  that  such  a  country  is  in  a  position  to  rival  an  old  country,  if  that  country  will  only  do  its  duty  to  its  people  ?  (Hear,  hear.)  No,  an  old  country  has  greater  advantages  and  facilities  at  com command  mand command  than  a  new  one  ;  and  if  you  find  a  new  country  beating  an  old  one  in  this  matter,  depend  upon  it,  it  is  because  of  some  fault  in  the  old  one.  (Hear,  hear.)  We  don't  read  in  ancient  Greece,  when  she  sent  forth  her  colo colonies,  nies, colonies,  that  they  became  the  teachers  of  the  mother  country.  No  ;  Athens  always  remained  the  teacher  of  the  whole  world.  And  it  is  a  shame  if  a  new  people,  sent  out  from  us  only  yesterday,  is  to  be  held  up  for  our  admiration  and  ex example,  ample, example,  and  this  too  in  the  matter  of  education.  (Hear,  hear.)  Now,  I  hope  that  it  won't  be  said  that  there  is  any anythin.  thin.- anythin.  in  these  remarks  which  is  out  of  place  in  an  assembly  snch  as  this.  It  appears  to  me  that  if  there  can  be  a  meet meeting  ing meeting  at  which  such  a  subject  as  this  should  be  discussed  it  is  just  such  a  meeting  as  this.  (Hear,  hear.)  We  are  all  here,  at  all  events,  presumed  to  feel  a  great  interest  in  the  subject  of  education,  and  therefore  anxious  to  promote  it.  (Hear,  hear.)  And  I  dont  despair  even  now.  I  should  not  despair  of  this  country,  if  the  people  of  this  country  would  only  resolve  to  do  it,  surpassing  all  the  world  in  education  in  a  generation  or  two.  Hear,  and  applause.)  But  we  must  not  refuse  to  adopt  the  improved  machinery  of  other  countries.  (Hear,  hear.)  We  must  not  be  like  the  Chinese  with  their  junks,  who  refuse  to  build  their  ships  after  our  improved  model;  we  must  not  refuse  to  adopt  what  we  see  in  other  countries  if  better  than  our  own.  If  we  see  the  Americans  beating  us  in  their  spinning-jennies  and  in  their  sailing-boats,  we  adopt  their  improvements  ;  if  they  send  over  a  yacht  which  beats  ours,  we  send  over  and  build  one  which  will  beat  them  :  if  a  man  comes  over  and  picks  our  locks,  we  may  wonder  how  it  is  he  makes  better  locks  than  we  do,  but  we  buy  them  ;  and  so  it  is  in  other  matters  of  this  kind.  But  on  the  question  of  education,  they  have  in  the  United  States  adopted  a  system  which  we  in  this  country  have  not  adopted,  except  in  Scotland  to  some  extent  ;  and  what  is  so  natural  as  that  we  should  follow  the  same  rule  in  this  matter  as  we  do  in  the  manufacture  of  our  machines  for  spinning  cotton,  and  in  the  construction  of  our  ships.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  take  it  that,  the  result  being  in  favour  of  American  education,  it  proves  that  they  have  adopted  better  means  than  we  have,  and,  if  we  would  rival  them,  we  must  not  be  ashamed  to  adopt  their  plan,  if  better  than  our  own.  (Hear,  hear,  and  applause.)  There  is  not  any  party,  I  believe,  now  opposed  to  education,  none  who  do  not  think  that  there  is  more  danger  from  irnoranre  in  our  present  artinclal  state  th:in  in  education.  Whatever  our  political  predilections,  there  is  not  one  who  will  not  say—what say—whatever  ever say—whatever  we  are  doomed  to  undergo,  whether  proceeding  from  a  straitening  of  circumstances,  from  a  decline  of  our  commerce,  or  from  difficulties  of  a  strictly  political  character—whatever  there  may  be  in  store  for  us  of  troubles  and  distresses—there  is  nobody  but  will  say  we  had  better  have  an  educated  people  to  meet  them  than  have  to  encounter  them  with  masses  of  ignorance  and  untrained  passion  ;  for,  after  all,  the  masses  of  people  do  govern  in  this  country—they  are  called  on  in  the  last  resort  (Hear,  hear.)  Every  one  must  admit  it  is  better  to  have  an  arbitrator  who  is  trained  to  discuss  reasons,  and  to  deduce  facts  from  evidence—it  is  better  to  have  minds  of  this  sort  to  settle  great  national  questions,  than  to  refer  such  mighty  interests  to  the  arbitrament  of  ignorance  and  passion.  (Hear,  hear,  and  applause.)  Now,  ladies  and  gentlemen,  if  I  have  said  too  much  on  this  subject  to  you,  and  to  those  elsewhere  who  may  read  what  we  are  now  saying,  I  must  tell  you  that  I  feel  so  strongly  upon  it  that,  when  among  a  body  of  men  met  together  in  favour  of  education,  I  cannot  be  responsible  for  withholding  my  opinions  in  reference  to  the  want  of  juvenile  education,  for  it  is  not  possible  to  compensate  for  the  want  of  juvenile  education  by  means  of  such  institutions  as  this.  We  ray  by  such  means  improve  the  education  of  the  people,  but  we  can't  have  a  really  educated  a  nd  sa  f  e  commun  it  y  un  l  ess  we  begin  at  the  beginning,  by  training  the  young.  Our  friend  who  will  follow  me,  will  deal  with  that  subject  better.  I  can  only  say,  whether  you  look  at  this  question  of  education  in  the  interest  of  morality  or  religion,  as  affecting  the  happiness,  in interest,  terest, interest,  or  the  welfare  of  society—in  whatever  way  you  regard  this  question,  you  may  depend  upon  it,  the  very  highest  interests,  the  dignity,  honour,  and  happiness  of  the  people,  are  bound  up  with  it.  (Loud  and  continued  applause,  during  which  the  hon.  member  resumed  his  seat.)"
