text
"The  room  was  crowded,  and  many  were  obliged  to  go  away  unable  to  obtain  adr  o  platform  we  observed,  Admit  the  Rev.  Dr.  Vau  Absalom  Wat  Bunting,  Esq.,  and  a  nun  gentlemen  members  of  th  Athenaeum,  with  IBSALOM  WATKIN,  ianimously  The  CHAIRMAN  said  he  had  acceded  to  the  wishes  of  t  meeting,  with  a  deep  feeling  of  disappointment  that  no  ge:  tleman  more  infl  atial  than  himself,  had  been  found  to  take  the  chair.  Up  to  the  last  moment  they  expected  that  sonic  one  of  those  wealthy  men,  who,  in  Manchester  were  the  advocates  of  liberal  opinions,  and  progressive  social  ad advancement,  vancement, advancement,  of  national  independence  and  of  free  trade,  would  have  appeared  on  that  occasion  to  sanction,  the  pro proceedings  ceedings proceedings  of  the  meeting.  (Applause).  They  had  hoped  that  at  least  one  of  those  who  gave  such  a  hearty  welcome  to  the  noble  champion  of  Hungary,  who  hailed  him  with  such  applause,  who  listened  with  such  rapture  to  his  eloquent  denunciations  of  the  tyranny  of  Austria—they  had  hoped  that  some  one  of  these  at  least  would  have  appeared  to  take  the  chair  on  that  occasion.  (Hear,  hear).  They  had  been  diasppointed.  He  had  not  heard  in  conversation  one  and  he  had  conversed  with  a  great  many  on  the  subject—he  had  not  heard  one  who  did  not  approve  of  the  conduct  of  Turkey,  and  who  did  not  condemn  the  conduct  of  tussia.  (Applause).  Why  then  were  not  those  gentlemen  there  that  night,  and  some  one  more  influential  than  he  ready  to  take  the  chair  on  that  occasion  ?  (Hear,  hear).  sidered  it  was  not  his  duty  to  take  the  c  itizen,  and  as  a  magistrate  of  this  great  community,  he  felt  .m  honour  in  appointing  Le  was  doing  his  duty  in  taking  (Cheers:  They  had  been  .ed  on  high  tions  wE  generally  taken  as  confirmed  exciting  war.  They  had  no  such  intention  (hear,  hea  they  all  believed  that  war  was  a  great  evil,  and  they  all  believed  that  peace  was  a  great  blessing,  and  they  would  not  do  anything  unnecessarily  to  excite  war,  or  to  deprive  them themselves  selves themselves  of  the  blessings  of  peace.  (Cheers).  They  had  been  charged  with  impeding  the  course  of  government;  they  did  no  such  thing  ;  they  furthered  the  views  of  government,  as  they  were  explained  by  Mr.  Gladstone,  for  the.  reservation  of  the  independence  of  the  Turkish  empire  if  possible  by  negociation,  but  if  need  be  by  war.  (Great  cheering).  Mr.  ISAAC  GREGORY  moved  the  first  resolution,  which  he  prefaced  by  a  long  address,  in  which  he  contended  that  England  had  a  great  stake  in  the  question  between  Turkey  and  Russia  so  far  as  commerce  was  (  den  had  said  that  he  had  no  interest  in  this  question  tainly  he  appreciated  the  services  which  Mr.  Cobden  h  rendered  to  his  country  and  his  kind,  but  though  that  w,  perfect,  and  he  could  not  folloiv  even  Mr.  ver  he  went.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  moved  the  on,  which  was  as  follows  That  the  occupa occupation  tion occupation  of  the  Danubian  provinces  by  the  Emperor  of  Russia  for  the  purpose  of  enforcing  upon  Turkey  concessions  incon inconsistent  sistent inconsistent  with  her  independence  as  a  nation,  is  a  violation  of  the  law  of  nations,  against  which  it  is  the  duty  of  all  free  states  to  protest  ;  and  that  this  meetinz  desires  to  express  its  Cobden  wh  first  r€  patrio;ic  ardour  with  which  the  poop;  )f  the  Ottoman  em embarba  barba- embarba  .ire  have  taken  up  arms  to  arrest  the  lava  :ritreal  (Loud  applau  SCRUNIZ  seconded  th  Admiral  Sir  CHARLES  NAPIER,  on  rising  to  support  the  resolution,  was  received  with  several  rounds  of  hearty  and  enthusiastic  cheering.  He  said,  he  begged  to  thank  the  meeting  most  warmly  for  the  very  warm  and  flattering  re-  That  ivas  not"
