text
"PRUSSIA.  Our  advices  from  Berlin,  to  the  date  of  the  20th,  state  that  it  is  said,  that  before  the  opening  of  the  Conferences,  the  Western  Powers  will  demand  from  Prussia  that  she  shall  adopt  the  propositions  accepted  by  Russia,  and  guarantee  for  her  co-operation  in  case  peace  should  not  result  from  the  Conferences.  The  most  strenuous  efforts  will  be  made  by  Prussia  to  obtain  a  participation  in  the  renewed  Conferences.  Count  Benkendorff  will  bring  the  confidential  communications  from  the  Czar,  conse consequent  quent consequent  on  the  altered  position  of  affairs.  Under  date  of  the  evening  of  the  18th,  we  learn  that  Count  Lebanoff  had  arrived  with  despatches  from  St.  Petersburg.  The  participation  of  Prus  sia  in  the  Conferences  for  peace  was  under  dis discussion.  cussion. discussion.  Dresden  was  talked  of  as  the  place  where  they  are  to  be  held.  Russia  had  only  accepted  the  propositions  of  Austria  with  the  reserve  of  their  being  discussed  at  the  Conferences.  The  King  had  held  a  chapter  of  the  order  of  the  Black  Eagle.  According  to  the  most  repent  accounts,  the  document  signed  by  Count  Nessel Nesselrode  rode Nesselrode  constitutes  a  real  attestation  that  Russia  accepts  without  reserve  the  Austrian  propositions,  and  will  suffice  to  authorisePrince  Gortschakoff  to  sign  a  preliminary  treaty  of  peace.  The  signature  of  that  treaty  is  here  considered  to  be  imminent.  We  learn  from  Madrid  by  advices  dated  the  18th  inst.,  hat  on  the  previous  day  the  Cortes  rejected  the  vote  of  censure  on  the  ministry  by  a  majority  of  152  to  57.  The  Parliamentary  Committee  is  favourable  to  the  credit  establishment  proposed  by  some  Spanish  capitalists.  Cape  of  Good  Hope  papers  to  the  25th  of  Nov.  (nine  days  later  than  those  previously  received)  have  come  to  hand,  which  report  the  colony  tranquil,  and  trade  most  encouraging.  The  mercantile  interest  were  in  high  spirits  upon  the  gratifying  prospects  before  them.  The  Kaffirs  in  British  Kaffraria  had  been  set  to  work  on  the  highways  and  in  the  fields,  with  which  they  appeared  much  pleased;  and  their  labour  had  been  performed  in  a  very  satisfactory  manner.  REMNANTS  OF  THE  GARRISON  OF  KARS.  — STYLE=superscript  Stragglers  are  still  coming  in  from  Kars.  I  met  some  yesterday,  toiling  over  the  snow-clad  plain  that  lies  between  this  and  the  Euphrates.  They  showed  weary  and  foot-sore,  poor  fellows,  but  had  not  the  wild  hungry  look  of  those  who  had  preceded  them.  They  had  probably  been  recruiting  at  the  villages  on  the  road.  But  report  states  that  no  less  than  1,500  out  of  the  6000  Rediffs  who  were  turned  outiof  Kars  have  perished  in  the  snows  of  the  Siwanli Siwanlidath.—Letter  dath.—Letter Siwanlidath.—Letter  from  Erseroum  (Dec.  24.)  THE  HEROES  or  KARS.—Letters  have  been  received  from  General  Williams,  and  those  who  accompanied  him.  They  are  quite  well,  arrived  at  Gumri  on  the  Ist  inst.,  and  expected  to  leave  on  the  4th  for  St.  Petersburg.  They  were  treated  on  the  road  with  the  greatest  courtesy.  Every  one  in  Constantinople  is  in  hopes  that  the  General  will  be  released,  and  take  his  old  position  in  Anatolia  before  next  spring.  It  would  be  difficult  to  find  another  man  so  calculated  for  this  peculiar  work.  Gen.  Kmety  has  gone  to  Constantinople:  It  is  to  be  hoped  that  he  will  get  it  encl  comuaawil_there.  -  _"
