text
"FRENCH  POLICE  CASE.  A.  M.  V—,  aged  36,  formed  towards  the  end  of  1846,  an  intimate  liaison  with  a  young  woman,  whose  mother  kept  a  furnished  lodging-house.  A  child  was  born,  and  the  liaison  continued,  but  the  young  man's  family  would  not  allow  him  to  marry  the  girl.  At  length,  however,  in  December  of  last  year  he  married  her.  The  newly-married  couple  took  up  their  residence  in  the  Avenue  des  Champs  Elysees,  received  a  good  many  visits,  and  gave  many  parties.  They  also  got  into  the  way  of  giving  balls  once  a  week,  and  it  was  at  one  of  the'm  a  young  actress  of  the  Odeon  accidentally  set  fire  to  her  dress,  and  was  a  good  deal  burned.  On  Tuesday  last,  M.  and  Madame  V—  held  one  of  their  usual  receptions,  and  the  latter,  though  not  very  well,  danced  to  one  o'clock  in  the  morning;  after  which  she  seated  herself  at  a  card-table,  and  complained  of  a  violent  head-ache.  Her  husband  also,  for  some  time  past,  had  not  approved  of  the  balls,  only  appeared  for  about  an  hour  in  the  salon,  and  then  retired  to  his  own  room,  in  which  he  fastened  himself.  At  five  o'clock  every  one  withdrew.  One  of  the  guests  apologised  to  Madame  V—  for  having  stopped  so  late.  You  have  rendered  me  a  said  she,  for  three  nights  I  have  not  closed  my  eyes,  and  I  shall  not  h  r  bleep  '  , STYLE=superscript  Why  ...A.  Lake  a  drive  in  a  carriage  asked  a  lady.  a  drive  !  Why,  if  I  did  so,  my  husband,  who  is  already  very  jealous,  would  say  fine  things  of  me.  In  fact,  if  I  were  to  go  out  at  such  an  hour,  even  with  you,  I  should  have  ceased  to  exist  before  the  In  the  course  of  the  day,  M.  V—  went  out  several  times.  At  four  o'clock  he  began  writing  in  his  room.  The  femme  tle  chamOre  noticing  that  he  was  pale  and  agitated,  asked  him  if  she  should  carry  his  Ltter  for  him..  he  replied,  will  carry  it  myself.  Go  away.  The  servant  obeyed.  When  liehad  concluded  his  letter,  he  went  to  the  boudoir  of  his  wife.  He  found  her  seated  near  the  window,  occupied  in  embroidery,  and  having  her  little  girl,  aged  six,  seated  by  her  side.  It  is  not  known  what  took  place  between  them,  but  in  the  course  of  a  few  minutes,  the  child  was  heard  crying  to  the  servant,  come!  I  don't  know  what  papa  is  doing  to  'l'he  '  femme  de  cnambre  hastened  to  the  room.  _She  fonnd  Mdme.  V—  lying  on  the  floor,  and  her  husband  lying  over  her.  When  he  saw  her  he  rose,  threw  a  poignard  which  was  covered  with  blood,  into  the  middle  of  the  room,  and  saying,  I  am  going  to  the  commissary  of  went  away.  Madame  V—,  who  was  covered  with  blood,  said,  Louise,  help  me  to  rise—l  will  see  if  I  can  The  femme  de  chambre  endeavoured  to  raise  her,  but  was  unable  to  do  so.  cried  the  mistress,  I  am  lost  A  medical  man  Was  sent  for  and  one  soon  arrived.  He  found  that  Madame  V—  had  received  two  wounds  near  the  heart,  and  others  much  graver  in  the  loins.  In  moving  her,  an  internal  hemorrhage  was  brought  on  ;  she  vomited  blood,  and  in  a  few  moments  expired.  In  the  meantime  M.  V— Vhad  had Vhad  taken  a  cab  and  had  caused  himself  to  be  conveyed  to  the  commissary  of  police,  of  the  district.  On  the  road  the  feverish  energy  which  had  possessed  him  gave  way,  and  when  the  cab  stopped  he  was  unable  to  alight.  The  cabman  informed  the  commissary  that  the  gentleman  in  the  cab  had  told  him  to  drive  to  his  office,  but  that  he  feared  he  was  dead.  Two  persons  aided  M.  V  —to  alight,  and  conveyed  him  before  the  commissary,  I  have  just  murdered  my  said  M.  V—.  She  deceived  me  with  several  persons  whom  she  received.  I  have  killed  her,  and  constitute  myself  a  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  He  then  fell  into  a  state  of  profound  discourage discouragement,  ment, discouragement,  and  not  another  word  could  be  got  from  him.  Another  journal  says  that  M.  V—  is  a  partner  in  a  com commercial  mercial commercial  house  at  Marseilles,  and  that  his  wife  was  formerly  an  actress  at  the  theatre  of  that  city.--Galignani.  THE  POST  OFFICE,  THE  RAILWAYS,  AND  THE  GLASGOW  MERCHANTS.  The  hint-Lbroad  enough  certainly  for  even  the  North  country—with  which  the  following  document  agreed  to  by  the  Glasgow  merchants  concludes,  will  no  doubt  bring  the  railway  companies  their  before  the  time  spe specified.  cified. specified.  Here  is  the  history  of  the  annoyance  and  the  de declaration.  claration. declaration.  A  good  deal  of  annoyance  continues  to  be  felt  by  commercial  men  connected  with  Glasgow  and  Manches Manchester  ter Manchester  at  the  present  postal  arrangements.  In  the  early  part  of  the  year  the  Manchester  Commercial  Association  repre represented  sented represented  to  the  late  postmaster-general  that  less  time  was  given  after  high  change  on  market  days  at  Mpchoter  tto  post  ieuers  ft  cia.  6  ow  than  might  reasonably  e  amoram.  'Some  of  the  post-othee  officials  objected  to  any  change,  bit  their  opposition  was  set  aside,  and  the  departure  of  the  post  was  changed  from  the  middle  of  the  afternoon  till  late  in  the  evening.  Then  came  an  obstruction  by  the  railway  people,  who  took  off  the  evening  mail  train  altogether,  so  that  letters  have  recently  had  to  be  posted  by  half-past  one  in  the  afternoon.  In  other  words  there  is  no  communica communication  tion communication  with  Glasgow  after  the  Manchester  market  is  over,  at  two  o'clock  in  the  afternoon,  until  the  following  day,  so  that  the  commercial  parties  are  in  a  worse  position  than  be before.  fore. before.  Whether  the  Glasgow  mercantile  community  suspect  the  change  has  been  the  result  of  collusion  between  the  post-office  and  the  railway  companies,  or  not,  they  are  now  disposed  to  take  strong  measures  to  counteract  the  move movement,  ment, movement,  as  will  be  seen  by  the  following  document,  bearing  their  signature,  and  a  copy  of  which  found  its  way  to  Man  chester  on  Saturday  :  Glasgow  '  Dec.  8,  1853.  We,  the  undersigned,  being  merchants  and  dealers  who  regularly  send  and  receive  cotton,  wool,  goods,  yarn,  or  other  merchandise,  by  railway,  to  and  from  Liverpool  mid'Lanca mid'Lancashire,  shire, mid'Lancashire,  finding  ourselves  greatly  annoyed,  and  our  business  retarded  and  interrupted,  by  the  very  unreasonable  time  that  elapses  between  posting  of  letters  in  these  quarters  and  the  time  of  their  arrival  here,  as  well  as  the  great  irregu irregularity  larity irregularity  of  such  arrival  ;  and  further,  understanding  that  the  late  alteration  of  the  mail  trains  was  made  at  the  instanct  of  the  railway  companies,  and  not  by  order  of  the  postmaster postmastergeneral,  general, postmastergeneral,  we  do  hereby  resolve  :  That,  unless  measures  are  taken  by  the  railway  com companies  panies companies  to  arrange  their  mail  trains  so  that  letters  posted  in  Manchester  and  Liverpool—say  by  four  o'clock,  afternoon  —  shall  arrive  in  Glasgow  not  later  than  seven  o'clock  next  morning,  we  shall,  from  the  Ist  of  January  next,  give  in instructiOns  structiOns instructiOns  that  all  our  goods  shall  be  forwarded  by  steamer  via  Liverpool,  and  we  shall  continue  this  arragement  until  the  railway  company  see  fit  to  comply  with  our  reasonable  demands  ;  of  all  of  which  we  now  give  intimation  to  the  railway  companies  that  are  DISORDERLY  CONDUCT  AT  THE  WORKHOUSE.-A  great  lazy  fellow  named  John  Benson,  was  sent  to  prison  for  21  days  for  breaking  two  squares  of  glass  at  the  workhouse.  ROBBERY  OF  CIGARS.—  A  boy  named  Robert  Cranshaw,  who  stated  that  he  was  a  factory  weaver,  was  charged  with  having,  the  previous  morning,  about  half-past  9  o'clock,  stolen  a  box  of  cigars  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Goodman,  cigar  and  snuff  merchant,  Market-street.  To  be  imprisoned  for  21  days,  with  hard  labour."
