text
"junior  ELECTRIC  TELEGRAPH  COMMUNICATION  'WITT!  HOLYHEAD.  Mr.  Mondel  gave  notice  that  on  Thursday  next  he  would  bring  forward  a  motion  to  the  effect  that  electric  telegraphic  communication  with  Holyhead  be  carried  out,  and,  if  practicable,  with  the  necessary  stations  bet  ween  this  and  Holyhead.  The  Mairman  :  There  has  been  no  plan  before  us.  Mr.  Mon  dell  said  he  was  not  exactly  prepared  to  fur furnish  nish furnish  a  plan,  but  he  would  be  prepared  to  show  the  necessity  of  it.  They  had  semaphore  stations  along  the  line,  and  it  was  absolutely  necessary  to  have  an  electric  telegraphic  communication.  Mr.  Gladstone:  At  the  expense  of  the  dock  trust?  Mr.  Smith  said  Mr.  Mann  had  brought  this  question  before  the  hoard  some  six  months  ago,  and  it  was  referred  to  the.  marine  committee,but  after  a  commun  i  cat  i  on  with  the  telegraph  company,  it  was  not  at  that  time  considered  desirable  that  the  committee  should  carry  out  the  project.  The  Chairman  said  the  committee,  on  inquiry,  found  that  the  whole  of  the  existing  stations  mist  be  con continued  tinued continued  as  they  were,  so  that  no  expense  would  be  saved  in  the  existing  semaphore,  which  must  be  continued  fdr  the  purpose  ,►f  saving  life  in  wreck,  and  for  general  sea  purposes.  They  offered  to  be  at  the  expense  of  sending  a  message  down  to  the  station  at  Holyhead  from  the  mountain  twice  a  day,  which  would  be  £5O,  provided  any  agreement  could  be  made  with  the  telegraph  company  to  forward  it  here,  but  no  such  an announcement  nouncement announcement  could  be  made,  and  they,  therefore,  thought  the  dock  committee  would  be  going  out  of  their  way,  if  they  were  to  make  what  would  really  be  private  com communications  munications communications  for  the  different  merchants,  from  Holyhead  to  Liverpool,  at  an  expense  of  several  hundreds  a  year.  At  the  same  time,  of  course,  if  the  merchants  and  the  general  trade  of  Liverpool,  wished  that  the  dock  estate  should  be  taxed  with  •  that  additional  expense,  there  could  he  no  difficulty  in  carrying  out  their  views,  but  it  must  be  borne  in  mind,  that  the  trade  generally  must  be  taxed  for  it.  Mr.  Mondell  then  gave  his  notice.  This  was  the  whole  - STYLE=superscript  of  the  general  business"
