text
"OF  The  following  telegraphic  announcement  arrived  here  in  the  course  of  yesterday.  We  find  no  warrant  for  them  in  the  London  journals  :—Owing  to  the  circulation  of  various  political  rumours.  English  securities  sustained  a  further  depreciation  of  fully  ,  per  cent.  Consolo  stimulated  by  announced  arrival  of  specie  from  America  received  after  opening  the  942  buyers,  but  being  checked  by  speculative  sales  receded  1  per  cent  in  the  afternoon  on  repori  sirculat sirculat'ing  'ing sirculat'ing  of  the  recall  of  the  Russian  Ambassador  from  London,  and  the  departure  of  M.  Kesseleff  from  Paris.  Prices  re receded  ceded receded  to  932.  buyers,  and  closed  at  a  slight  recovery.  Con Consols  sols Consols  921  to  7  7 STYLE=superscript  ,-.  Railways  throughaut  the  day  strictly  followed  the  variations  in  Funds  and  closed  at  a  decline  averaging  from  15s.  to  1  per  cent.  THE  BEST  PATTERNS  and  the  NEWEST  STYLES  of  READY  MADE  GARMENTS  are  to  be  had  At  Wm.  EARP  and  CO.'S  59  and  61,  LORD  STREET  The  . STYLE=superscript  screw  steam-packet  Brilliant  left  Southampton  on  Thursday,  with  passengers,  ship  mails,  and  cargo,  for  Ma Madeira,  deira, Madeira,  Bahia,  Pernambuco,  and  Rio  de  Janeiro.  This  is  the  first  extra  steani  packet  that  has  been  sent  to  the  Brazils  from  Southampton.  The  Brilliant  has  hitherto  been  con confined  fined confined  to  the  Madeira  passage.  She  is  expected  in  England  .  in  March  next.  Loss  OF  THE  MARSHALL.—Warps  and  stays  continue  to  float  up  from  the  submerged  steamer,  at  the  mouth  of  the  Humber.  The  vessel  was  insured  in  Hamburg  to  the  amount  130,000  marks  banco.  Captain  Rohrs  has  left  behind  a  widow  and  five  children.--Eastern  Counties  Herald.  CHRISTMAS.  When  an  old,  dear  friend  comes  amongst  us,  we  all  get  round  him,  and  are  anxious,  every  one  to  say  a  word,  and  hear  him  speak  in  return.  Who,  then,  says  an  original  or  remarkable  word  ?  Only  the  old,  used-up  expressions  of  love  and  joy  and  hope,  which  we  fervently  hope  may  be  always  in  good  use  until  the  world  comes  to  an  end.  Who,  then,  expects  that  any  011  , STYLE=superscript  3  shall  write  anything  new  about  Christmas  ?  We  can  only,  like  all  the  rest  of  the  world,  express  our  congratulations  that  Christmat  has  come  just  in  the  old  hearty  way,  and  feel  what  we  say,  although  he  hai  come  in  cold,  and  rain,  and  mud,  not  crowned  with  flowers,  and  breathing  perfumes  like  his  rival  of  midsummer,  the  hallowed  Wolpurgis  Nach,t,  the  midsummer  night  of  dreams  and  poetry.  Here.  is  for  once  in  the  twelve  months,  a  cordial  union  of  classes.  Here  is  a  question  on  which  all  agree.  Our  aristocratic  friend,  who  thinks  it  quite  beyond  hope  to  make  anything  whatever  out  of  the  people,  and  our  equally  respected  associate  the  democrat,  who  fully  believes  that  every  man  who  lives  on  his  property  is  a  tilted  as  the  novelists  call  such  individuals,  may  be  somewhat  amazed  to  find  that  here  is  one  point,  at  least,  upon  which  they  are  agreed.  Rich  and  poor,  democrat  and  aristocrat—Dives  and  Lazarus--all  agree,  that  when  Christmas  comes,  he  must  be  received  with  genial  welcome.  We  nre  . STYLE=superscript  informed,  that  even  at  the  great  table  sacred  to  the  diet  of  Royalty,  an  especial,  dish  honours  the  company  in  greeting  of  the  arrival  of  Christmas  ;  and  well  we  know  that-  in  the  house  of  the  poorest  labourer  —the  farthest  removed  from  the  confines  of  earthly  greatness  which  it  is  possible  to  imagine  —there  shall  not  be  wanting,  upon  Christmas-day,  some  mark  to  denote  that  a  time  of  joyous joyousness,  ness, joyousness,  sacred  to  dear  and  undying  memories,  is  passing  over  the  land.  Here  is  a  throne,  before  which  we  will  all  stoop  without  feeling  humiliation—the  throne  where  Christmas  is  seoted  amid  ice  as  becomes  the  god  of  a  Northern  nation  and  resemble  these  who  sit  in  the  Walhalla  of  Northern  dreams.  We  obey  his  edicts  without  a  murmur,  and  determine  to  be  happy  for  we  say  in  spite  of  the  example  and  warning  of  sexed,  Empe  r  o  r  of  Ethiopia.  No  th  rea  t  en  i  ng  appearances  in  the  bearer  es  politics  shall  distent  for  this  one  day  the  good  humour  which  prevails  among  us.  Let  all  the  gentlemen  who  fill  the  min ministerial  isterial ministerial  benches  resign  so  far  as  we  are  concerned  for  this  day—we  will  have  sufficient  time  in  the  dark  6anuary  and  the  moist  February  to  distent  our  minds  about  the  probable  run  of  England  which  exactly  resembles  Christmas  in  the  fact  of  it  coming  once  a  .  year.  Not  even  shall  the  condition  of  the  poor  Turks,  keeping  black  and  gloomy  Christmas  by,  the  Danube,  prevent  us  from  giving  a  free  scope  to  our  pow powers  ers powers  of  enjoyment,  if  the  scepticism  and  reformatory  tenden tendences  ces tendences  of  the  age  have  left  us  any.  for  the  day  which  comes  next.  Time  was  when  the  name  of  Christmas  made  the  hearts  of  all  of  us  leap  up,  when  itr  shadow,  falling  on  us  from  a  long  distance,  brought  only  thought  of  happy  days,  gathering  together  of  friends  dearly  loved  and  since,  perhaps,  all  lost,  breakings-  up  at  school.  pantomimes  and  .  pocket  money.  Since  that  time  we  have  all  grown  very  wise.  and  perhaps  this  love  and  honor  for  Christmas  ?  almost  the  last  remnant  of  our  foolish  childish  days.  We  are  practical  now,  and  do  not  care  about  dreams:  But  it  may  be  that  a  sage,  looking  from  the  sky  to  which  he  had  been  removed  and  unaffected  by  the  object  which  sur  roun  d  us,  m  i  g  h  t  gravely  take  thought  as  to  the  character  of  our  wisdom  and  even  believe  that  if  we  give  more  way  to  our  hearts  and  less  to  our  practical  wisdom  we  might  do  almost  as  well.  At  all  events,  even  the  very  worst  of  us  may  afford  to  give  way  a  little  at  the  season,  under  the  consideration  that  it  only  makes  it  ap appearance  pearance appearance  once  in  the  twelvemonth&amp;  Let  not  the  wise  be  afraid  that  we  may  become  too  gay  and  thoughtless,  even  at  this  season.  No  one  ever  yet  'climbed  a  high  hill  without  stopping  on  the  way  some  half  dozen  times  to  look  back  upon  the  path  which  he  had  ascended,  so  far  shining  belowhim.  In  the  same  spirit  no  One  ever  took  his  pat  at  a  Christmas  board  and  did  not  turn  his  thoughts  back  upon  the  last  .  occasion  when  he  sought  to  honor  that  presonec.  Who  ever  looked  back  and  was  not  for  a  moment'  at  least'  thoughtful  and  sad  ?  Are  the  same  people  around  you  who  sat  with  you  this  time  twelvemonths  ?  Do  the  same  four  walls  to  which  you  give  the  name  of  hold  your  merry  company  ?  Has  no  change  occurred  in  which  the  gayest  may  not  think  without  a  grave  emotion  ?  If  so,  then  happy  is  the  man  who  can  sit  down  this  Christ Christmas  mas Christmas  with  such  a  reflection.  But  not  ,  even  he  needs  to  give  up  his  time  of  relaxation  altogether  to  ceaseless  mirth.  For  he  can  think  upon  those  to  whom  the  bright  period,  illumined  with  even  a  brighter  premise,  which  dawns  upon  the  morning  of  Christmas,  can  bring  no  thought  of  happiness  here,  of  hope  for  the  future.  He  may  think  upon  those  who  live  amid  filth  and  misery  of  squalid  lanes,  and  have  no  h  o  p  e  o  f  any  era  which  shall  bring  th  em  relief!  He-may  think  of  those  who  from  the  cradle  in  'which  they  were  rocked  to  the  grave  in  which  they  were  buried,  fever  walked  but  in  shadow,  upon  whose  pale  faces  not  a  ray  of  i  t  H  h  t  iee  gravely.s  asunshinet  shallhod  Hog  thought  o  tl  hwtCahhCllai  which  nh  r:  i  s  tme  :  b  m  a  s  s  hab  h  i.  p  .  ua  i  n  yt  t  e  hht  s  o  e  ce  0  bnir  shallr  oins  hope  tg  b  light  be  h  a  has  eevermuch  o  fallen.  btehen.k.  Now  is  ho  to  be  desparingly  sad  upon  that  account,  although  e  l.  in  s  y  .  max  into  the  most  dreary  homes,  and  the  fire  on  P STYLE=superscript  his  ow  Christ Christhearth  hearth Christhearth  shall  burn  all  the  brighter  because  of  the  many  faggots  which  his  good  will  and  good  exertions  may  have  caused  to  blaze,  where  the  genial  heat  of  the  bright  winter  fire  may  have  been  long  unknown,  In  plain  words,  he  who  would  wish  to  enjoy  Christmas  truly  and  fully  can  not  do  so  by  making  preparations  which  will  merely  tend  to  his  own  happiness  and  sensual  comfort.  If  he  will  enjoy  the  season  thoroughly,  he  must  see  that  the  link,  by  which  it  binds  all  ranks  and  conditions  of  life  does  not  escape  his  fingers.  He  must  form  one  in  the  circle  which  all  this  people,  from  the  Queen  who,  according  to  the  nursery  legend  of  our  child childhood,  hood, childhood,  sits  on  the  throne  bread  'aud  honey  down  to  the  lowest  baker,  tailor,  or  porter,  who  helps  to  supp  or  t  the  government  hf  he  r  Majesty.!  We  now  join  togeth  er  t  o  form,  at  this  on  e  ti  me  o  f  t  h  e  year,  there  is  then  union  for  all,  there  is  one  throne  before  which  we  can  all  bend,  and  unless  we  all  bow  down  to  it,  the  power  of  the  throne  is  but  as  nothing.  We  must  endeavour  to  help  to  happiness  those  whom  . STYLE=superscript  :fortune  has  deprived  of  the  means  by  which  they  might  help  themselves.  As  we  cannot  be  happy,  we  must  be  sympethatic  now  for  once,  or  we  must  sit  alone.  It  was  then,  reverence  for  this  happy  and  holy  time  when  men  cannot  wrap  themselves  up  in  their  mantle  of  personal  en enjpyment,  jpyment, enjpyment,  but  must  go  forth  and  help  the  world  to  be  sharers  in  their  happiness,  or  else  be  lonely  and  nothing  worth.  He  who  would  in  good  truth  enjoy  this  season  has  some something  thing something  of  work  to  do.  He  must  cicse  his  mind  in  the  first  place,  against  idle  thoughts  of  the  irrevocable  past  ;  and  he  must  resolve  - STYLE=superscript  his  mind,  in  the  sacred  instance,  that  he  will  do  all  which  may  came  in  the  way  of  his  means  sand  power  to  put  within  the  reach  of  thosy  whom  Heaven  has  not  so  favoured  as  himself  all  the  means  by  which  one  happy  and  free  day  may  be  recorded,  marked  with  a  white  chalk,  in  the  heavy  record  of  a  lonely  twelvemonths.  ST.  JOHN'S  MARKEM.  •  This,  our  principal  market,  naturally  takes  precedence.  The  decorations  this  year  are  not  so  profuse  as  we  have  seen  them  ;  but  we  believe  on  no  previous  occasion  has  their  been  a  finer  display  of  the  good  thino-s,  of  this  life.'  I  n  p  ass  i  ng  through  the  avenu  es  o  f  th  e  market  one  misses  the  abundance  of  evergreens  which  were  heretofore  exhibited.  Thls,  how however,  ever, however,  is  easily  accounted  for.  Evergreens  are  not  grown  in  large  quantities  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Liverpool,  and  where  they  are  grown  they  are  intended  for  ornamental  purposes.  At  this  season  they  have  lo  be  got  at  geeat  ex expense  pense expense  from  a  dtstance,  and  however  anxious  parties  may  be  to  make  a  display  at  this  time,  economy,  the  order  of  the  day  seems  to  preclude  it.  But  if  the  tinsel  is  wanting,  the  .  substance  remains.  Prime  beef,  capit  a  l  mutton,  gigantic  geese,  mamoth  turkeys,  and  all  conceivable  kinds  of  poultry  and  game  are  in  abundance  ;  and  what  is  still  higher  con considered,  sidered, considered,  almost  eoery  class  seems  to  be  in  the  possession  of  money  sufficient  to  purchase  any  necessary  or  luxury  they  may  require.  A  Lionthian,  a  Thomlinson  and  a  few  others  usurp  everything  of  a  Class  of  meat  likely  to  reach  the  upper  classes  ;  'but  at  the  same  time  we  must  not  forget  those  wha  provide  for  a  far  more  cumerous,  though  . STYLE=superscript  a  less  favored  class,  and  we  ma  3  observe  that  a  very  superior  class  of  meat  is  exhibited  althrough.  The  stock  of  poultry  seems  to  be  un unlimited,  limited, unlimited,  and  we  believe  that  no  less  a  quantity  than  fifty  tons  of  this  commodity  reached  Liverpool  during  the  present  week  from  Ireland  alone.  The  display  of  fruit  is  also  very  fine,  and  in  this  department  of  the  market,  decorative  art  seems  to  be  carried  to  the  fullest  extent.  Some  idea  of  Liverpool  at  dinner  on  Christmas-day  may  be  gathered  from  tke  fact  that,  during  the  present  week  upwards  of  1,200  head  of  cattle  ;  and  from  7,000  to  8,000  sheep  have  been  sacrificed  to  stpply  our  local  wants.  ST.  JAMES'S  MARKET.  This  market  presented  a  gay  and  animated  appearance.  The  fruit  stalls  were  laid  out  in  a  manner  to  tempt  the  most  indifferent.  Tie  meat  stalls  displayed  quantities  of  flesh,  which  testified  :n  the  highest  degree  . STYLE=superscript  to  the  skill  of  the  breeder.  We  d)  not  think  that  any  market  in  Liverpool  excelled  St.  Janes's  in  the  quality  of  the  meat  which  was  displayed.  There  were  several  rare  specimens  of  sheep,  and  the  show  of  .heibrs  from  this  country  and  from  Ireland,  were  remarkable  in  the  extreme.  There  were  also  shown  some  extraordinuy  specimens  of  the  porcine  genus,  one  weighing.  up  to  tle  almost  incredible  extent  of  20  score.  It  must  not  be  overboked,  and  especially  at  Christmas  time,  that  there  was  a  v‘ry  fine  show  of  pBultry  of  all  kinds.  BIRKENHEAD.  Happily  '‘  hale  old  •  Christmas  is  no  exclusive  guest.  His  gladness  is  for  dl,  and  by  all  is  he  right  heartily  wel welcomed.  comed. welcomed.  His  entrie,  be  it  into  the  populous  wealthy  town,  or  lowly  village,  is  failed  by  ovation,  and  though  the  splen splendours  dours splendours  of  the  one  ma:  overshadow  those  of  the  other,  yet  is  their  cordiality  equai.  We  might  naturally  have  expected  then  that  the  preparaions  of  our  at  the  other  side  of  the  water  for  the  •eception  of  the  old  and  illustrious  stranger,  would  have  been  little  inferior  to  our  own  ;  nor  are  they.  The  displa)  of  goodly  comforts  is  proportionably  as  great,  and  the  decorations  with  which  their  many  attrac attracare,  are, attracare,  set  off,  are  as  artisic  in  design  and  beautiiful  in  effect  as  those  of  Liverpool,  Like  as,  too,  the  shopkeepees  of  Birkenhead  have  resolv!d  not  to.open  their  shops  on  Mon-"
