text
"BANKRUPTS.  (From  the  London  Gazette  of  _Last  Night.)  James  Richardson,John  Sanders  Wicks,  and  Henry  smith  upholsterers,  Upper  Queen's-buildings,  Brompton,  Mid Middlesex.  dlesex. Middlesex.  Jacob  Connop,  bill-broker,  New  Finchley-road,  St.  Johnig Johnigwood,  wood, Johnigwood,  Middlesex.  Christian  Druie,  drysalter,  Garlic-hill,  London.  Samuel  Barnett,  Birmingham  and  Sheffield,  warehouse warehouseman,  man, warehouseman,  Hounsditch,  London.  William  Holme,  cotton  manufacturer,  Reather-street,  Manchester.  Two  of  the  accomplices  of  Marshall,  in  custody  for  the  robbery  at  Leighton  Buzzard,  have  been  arrested.  All  those  are  well  known  to  the  public.  SOAP  EXPORTED.  —The  declared  value  of  soap  exported  in  'the  first  ten  months  of  this  year  was  £247,294,  again  £203,251  of  last  year.  THE  REVENUE  SURVEY  OF  INDIA.—On  Monday  a  blue bluebook  book bluebook  was  issued  containing  the  information  required  by  the  House  of  Commons  on  the  revenue  survey  of  India.  EMBROIDERY  AND  NEEDLEWORK.---The  value  of  embroi embroidery  dery embroidery  and  needlework  imported  between  January  and  Nov.  last,  was  £79,081.  The  American  steamer,  the  Pacific,  of  Collins'  line,  this  morning  for  New  York,  at  9  o'clock,  a.m.  •  THE  ARMY.—Rumours  have  prevailed  •  about  town'for  some  days,  of  a  difference  between  the  authorities  at  the  Horse  Guards,  relative  to  the  leave  of  absence  granted  to  certain  officers,  and  it  was  said  these  differences  would  cause  the  resignation  of  an  official  of  high  rank  in  the  de depa,tment.  pa,tment. depa,tment.  The  officer  in  question  is  the  Adjutant  Gene  ral  Sir  George  Brown,  who  has  given  in  his  resignation.  Sir  George  will,  in  all  probability,  be  succeeded  as  Adjutant  General  by  Major  General  Wetherall.  —Globe.  'SPECIAL  DISPATCHES  FROM  CONSTANTINOPLE.—Lieute CONSTANTINOPLE.—Lieutenant  nant CONSTANTINOPLE.—Lieutenant  Henry  Carr  Glyn,  the  son  of  the  eminent  Lon London  don London  Banker,  lieutenant  of  Admiral  Dundas's  flag-ship,  arrived  in  Downing-street  on  Saturday  last,  charged  with  important  and  special  dispatches  from  Constantinople.  This  gallant  young  officer,  who  was  selected  for  this  duty  came  home  via  -Marseilles  in.  a  French  packe-tship.  He  is  under  orders  to  be  in  readiness  to  return  to  the  fleet  at  a  moment's  notice.  The  Earl  of  Hardwicke,  the  Earl  of  Malmesbury,  Mr.  Disraeli,  and  other  political  friends  of  the  Earl  of  Derby  have  been  spending  the  past  week  at  Knows Knowsley,  ley, Knowsley,  the  seat  of  the  noble  earl.  We  rejoice  to  say  that  the  late  premier  has  completely  recovered  from  his  attack  of  gout,  and  joined  the  party  in  the  sports  of  the  field  with  his  usual  spirit.  CORONER'S  INQUESTS.—The  following  inquests  were  held  yesterday,  at  the  Royal  Infirmary,  Manchester,  before  Edward  Herford,  Esq.,  coroner  for  the  city  :—On  view  of  the  body  of  Edward  Taylor,  late  of  Longsight,  a  railway railwaystoker,  stoker, railwaystoker,  on  the  Manchester  and  Birmingham  line,  aged  23  years,  who  was  recently  killed,  and  who  has  left  a  widow  and  four  children.  On  Saturday  fortnight  the  deceased  went  with  a  luggage  train  to  Handforth,  on  the  Manchester  and  Birmingham  line.  The  train  stopped  at  Handforth,  and  just  as  it  started  again  the  deceased  was  pushing  some  sand  upon  the  rails  with  his  feet,  as  he  worked  beside  the  engine.  He  slipped  down  and  caught  his  hand  on  the  spokes  of  the  wheel,  which  carried  his  arm  round  and  took  it  off.  The  driver  stopped  the  engine  immediately  ;  it  had  only  got  about  two  yards.  His  left  arm  was  torn  off,  his  ribs  were  fractured,  and  he  sustained  other  injuries,  from  the  effects  of  which  he  died  at  the  infirmary,  to  which  he  was  removed  as  speedily  as  possibly  after  the  accident.  Verdict,  acci acci  - acci  dental  death.—On  view  of  the  body  of  Samuel  Ireland,  aged  21  years.  It  appeared  that  the  deceased  was  a  founder  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  Barningham,  iron  founder,  Canal-side,  Pendleton,  and  that  about  three  weeks  ago  he  was  severely  burned  at  the  works.  It  seemed  that  the  deceased's  pulled  out  the  door  of  the  furnace,  and  that  the  deceased  threw  in  a  shovelful'  of  scale  iron  in  order  to  cool  it  a  little.  That  made  the  flame  and  cinders  come  out,  by  which  he  was  severely  burned,  his  shirt  being  set  on  fire.  His  clothes  were  taken  off  and  he  was  bathed  with  boiled  oil,'  and  then  removed  to  the  infirmary,  where  he  gradually  sank  and  died  of  the  injuries  he  received.  Verdict,  accidental  death  from  burning.  R  )YAL  GEOGRAPHICAL  SOCIETY.  —General  Jochmus,  will  known  for  his  prominent  part  in  the  recent  revolu revolutionary  tionary revolutionary  wars,  has  just  concluded,  before  the  above  society,  a  paper  on  the  passes  of  the  Balkan—the  routes  pursued  by  Darius,  Hystaspes,  Alexander  the  Great,  and  Marshal  Die Diebitschthe  bitschthe Diebitschthe  latter  in  the  Russo-Turkish  war  of  1829.  Ad Admiral  miral Admiral  Lord  Radstock  asked  for  information  as  to  the  possi possibility  bility possibility  of  forming  a  connection  between  the  Danube  (near  Silistria)  and  the  Black  Sea,  where  it  was  understood  that  the  Romans  had  attempted  to  cut  a  canal.  He  was  anxious  upon  the  subject,  because  such  a  communication  would  obviate  the  iinonvenience  of  closing  the  mouths  of  the  Danube  by  the  Russians.  Dr.  Colquhoun  paid  a  high  com compliment  pliment compliment  to  General  Jochmus.  The  idea  of  a  canal  between  the  Danube  and  the  Black  Sea  he  regarded  as  as  a  myth,  the  high  range  of  the  land  rendering  it,  as  he  believed,  im impossible  possible impossible  to  carry  out  such  a  work."
