text
"IRONMASTE.RS'  MEETING.  BIRMINGHAM,  DEC.  29.—The  meeting  of  ironmasters,  preliminary  to  the  January  quarterly  meetings,  was  held  in  Birmingham  to-day,  and  was  influentially  attended  by  prin principals,  cipals, principals,  or  representatives,  of  the  principal  firms  of  the  neigh neighbourhood.  bourhood. neighbourhood.  There  was  but  one  opinion  as  to  the  satisfactory  state  of  the  trade,  the  only  question  being,  whether  an  ad advance  vance advance  should  be  recommended,  and,  as  far  as  that  meeting  was  concerned,  determined  upon  ;  or,  whether  present  rates  should  only  be  maintained.  It  will  be  recollected  that  within  these  few  weeks  there  has  been  an  advance  of  20s.  per  ton  upon  manufactured  iron,  and  this  having  been  accepted  or  acceded  to,  without  any  re-action  as  re•Pa  rds  demand,  it  has  been  thought  by  many  that  a  further  advance,  owing  to  in increased  creased increased  rather  than  decreased  requirements,  might  be  justified.  There  were,  however,  two  opinions  upon  this  matter,  and,  after  some  discussion,  it  was  resolved  to  let  well  alone,  and  for  the  present  to  be  content  with  existing  prices.  It  is  probable,  however,  that  before  long  another  rise  will  take  place.  A  local  authority  upon  the  subject  says  :  every  branch  of  the  trade  full  activity  prevails;  or orders  ders orders  continue  abundant  for  rods,  bars,  sheets,  plates,  and  rails  ;  for  castings,  also,  there  is  a  large  demand,  while  pig  iron  has  been  in  such  request  that  good  qualities  are  mostly  bought  up  for  next  quarter,  and  prices  have  lately  been  ob obtained  tained obtained  at  rates  considerably  beyond  the  proportion  generally  observed  between  raw  and  manufactured  iron.  The  manu manufacturers  facturers manufacturers  who  plead  for  a  return  to  £ll  for  bars,  £l2  for  hoops,  and  £l3  for  sheets,  have  therefore  a  reasonable  claim  to  lay  before  their  The  more  prudent  course  has,  however,  been  adopted— adoptedthat  that adoptedthat  of  declaring  the  legitimacy  of  the  late  advance,  leaving  '  any  attempt  to  recover  the  higher  position  for  more  private  efforts  during  the  ensuing  smarter,  should  the  nature  of  events  justify  such  an  effort.  'the  same  authority  says  :  The  40s.  movements  introduced  into  the  resolutions  of  these  meetings,  under  the  go-a-head  policy  and  march  of  the  last  few  years,  have  been  followed  by  results  mainly  demon demonstrating  strating demonstrating  that  the  highest  points  of  elevation  in  the  iron  trade,  as  elsewhere,  are  most  securely  attained  by  a  gradual  A  Sailors'  Home  is  about  to  be  erected  at  Leith.  The  receiving  office  in  the  Queen's  bench  prison,  London,  will  be  closed  from  the  6th  of  January  next.  THE  DIPLOMATIC  DUEL  RUMOURED  DEATH  OF  MR.  SOULE.  -  There  is  a  very  general  rumour  to-day  that  there  has  been  a  third  duel  in  Madrid,  between  the  Duke  de  Alba  and  M.  Soule,  the  American  ambassador,  and  that  Soule  was  killed.  These  ambassadors  have  a  singular  notion  of  honour  :  they  forgot  that  they  have  great  public  interests  to  represent,  and  that  it  is  a  dereliction  of  duty  to  expose  those  interests  to  injury,  by  exposing  themselves  in  private  quarrels.  As  well  might  a  general-in-chief,  in  presence  of  an  enemy,  accept  a  challenge  from  some  bourgeois  at  the  risk  of  his  being  killed,  and  exposing  the  army  entrusted  to  him  to  defeat,  from  the  death  of  its  chief."
