text
"SOUTH  LANCASHIRE  WINTER  ASSIZES.  •  •  CROWN  COURT.  •  (Before  Mr.  Baron  ALDERSON.)  On'  the  sitting  of  the  court  yesterday  morning,  the  prison prisoners  ers prisoners  who  were  found  guilty  of  stabbing,  under  various  cir circumstances,  cumstances, circumstances,  and  other  offences,  were  placed  at  the  bar  and  sentenced  as  follows  :  Emanuel  lifonteiTo,  for  the  manslaughter  of  Richard  Jarvis  Crispin,  by  stabbing  him  in  Whitechapel,  to  be  transported  for  20  years.  His  LORDSIUP,  through  the  interpreter,  informed  the  prisoner  that  he  should  have  transported  him  for  life  had  he  not  been  a  foreigner,  and  in  a  measure  ignorant  of  the  guilt  which  in  this  country  attached  to  the  crime  of  which  he  had  been  convicted.  '  _Flaherty  and  Denis  . STYLE=superscript  Denein  '  for  maliciously  wound wounding  ing wounding  John  Kclly,  at  Ashton-under-Lyne.  The  former  to  be  transported.  for  20  years;  and  the  latter  to  - STYLE=superscript  suffer  penal  im imprisonment  prisonment imprisonment  for  six  years.  James  Barlow,  for  cutting  and  wounding,  six  years'  penal  servitude.  Ann  lreb.stei-,  for  throwing  vitriol,  nine  months'  hard  labour.  Rose  Ann  Killow,  for  cutting  and  wounding,  eighteen  months'  imprisonment.  Thomas  Clayton,  for  stabbing  and  wounding,  eighteen  months'  hard  labour.  David  Irwin,  for  assaulting  a  policeman,  twelve  months'  imprisonment.  -  •  Thomas  Woods  and  Andrew  Caldwell,  three  months'  hard  labour.  •  Peter  Hastley,  for  uttering  a  forged.  order-  for  the  pay payment  ment payment  of  money,  six  months'  hard  labour.  THE  FRAUD  UPON  THE  CORPORATION.  Joseph.  Ratison  and  William  Clark  were  placed  at  the  bar  charged  with  having  unlawfully  and  fraudulently  con conspired,  spired, conspired,  confederated,  and  combined  together  by  dives  false  pretences  to  acquire  to  themselves  of  and  from  the  mayor,  aldermen,  and  burgesses  of  the  borough  of  Liverpool  £1727  145.  - STYLE=superscript  9  d.,  with  intent  to  cheat  and  defraud  them  of  the  same.  Mr.  SIMON  and  Mr.  BRErr  prosecuted.  Joseph  Rawson  was  defended  by  Mr.  EDWIN  JAMES,  Q.C.,  and  Clark  by  Mr.  MONK.  The  indictment  contained  seven  counts  :  in  the  first  five  the  prisoners  were  charged  with  the  false  pretence,  and  in  the  last  two  counts  with  conspiracy.  Mr.  &amp;max,  in  opening  the  prosecution,  said  that  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  was  charged,  together  with  a  party  rot  then  in  cus custody,  tody, custody,  of  the  name  of  Yarper,  with  obtaining  a  certain  sum  under  false  pretences,  from  the  Corporation  of  Liverpool,  and  also  with  conspiring  together  to  obtain  it.  It  was  necessary,  in  order  to  lay  before  them  fully  the  nature  of  the  case,  that  he  should  occupy  their  attention  in  going,  with  some  particularity,  into  the  various  circum circumstances  stances circumstances  in  connection  with  the  evidence  which  he  had  to  lay  before  them.  In  the  year  1849  the  corporation  commenced  the  erection  of  a  new  gaol  on  some  land  at  Walton,  in  the  neighbourhood  of  this  town,  and  the  person  whose  duty  it  was  to  make  all  arrangements  in  connection  with  the  build building  ing building  was  Mr.  Weightman,  who  had  been  for  several  years,  and  still  is,  the  surveyor  for  the  corporation.  Amongst  other  arrangements  made  by  that  gentleman  was  one  w,th  the  prisoner  Rawson,  who,  on  a  verbal  agreement,  under undertook  took undertook  to  make  a  quantity  of  bricks  upon  some  land  adjacent  to  the  site  of  the  proposed  building.  There  was  no  stipu stipulated  lated stipulated  number  of  bricks,  nor  any  stipulated  period  during  which  the  contract  was  to  last  ;  but  the  price  was  to  be  15s.  per  thousand  for  common  bricks  •  255.  per  thousand  for  bull  noses  ;  and  275.  6d.  per  thousand  for  bevels.  Rawson,  on  entering  on  the  contract,  employed  Harper,  who  was  also  mentioned  in  the  indictment,  for  the  purpose  of  going  through  the  field,  inspecting.  the  work  done  by  the  men,  and  handing  in,  from  time  time,  a  return  of  the  quantity  done,  to  Rawson.  Clark  was  appointed  by  Mr.  Weightman  on  behalf  of  the  'corporation,  as  clerk  of  the  works,  and  his  duty  was  to  perform  the  same  service  for  the  corporation  that  Harper  did  for  Rawson.  He  had  to  go  through  the  field,  keep  a  written  account,  in  a  book  furnished  him  for  the  purpose,  of  the  quantity  of  bricks  supplied  by  Rawson,  and  then  to  give  a  return  of  those  quantities  to  Mr.  Weight  man,  in  order  that  that  gentleman  might  grant  his  certificate  on  the  treasurer  of  the  corporation.  The  treasurer  then  placed  it  before  the  finance  committee,  and  when  it  passed  that  body  he  was  bound  to  pay  over  the  amount  on  Raw Rawson's  son's Rawson's  application.  Rawson  commenced  the  manufacture  of  the  bricks  in  the  season  of  the  year,  1850,  and  continued  to  manufacture  them  during  the  season  of  1851,  which  began  early  in  April,  and  terminated  about  the  13th  of  September.  In  the  season  of  1851,  eight  stools  were  set  in  operation  in  the  field,  and  during  the  time  the  work  was  going  on,  the  Men,  some  'of  them  from  day  to  day,  all  of  them  at  the  end  of  the  week,  counted  their  work,  and  handed  in  a  return  of  the  number  of  bricks  to  Harper,  who  again  counted  them  over  on  every  Friday  afternoon,  or  Saturday  morning,  and  then,entered  them  both  in  his  own  book  and  the  payment  books  of  the  men,  which  had  been  furnished  for  the  purpose,  so  that  there  was  thus  ample  opportunity  for  Rawson  to  know,  from  time  to  time,  the  precise  number  of  brieks  made,  and  the  amount  he  was  paying  his  men  in  respect  of  their  labour.  At  the  close  of  the  season  of  1851,  about  the  begin beginning  ning beginning  of  Octeber,  he  applied  to  Mr.  Weightman  fora  payment  on  account,  and  on  the  aamc  day  a  certificate  was  handed  in  by  the  clerk,  to  the  effect  that  6,157,230  bficks  had  been  supplied.  On  the  receipt  of  the  certificate  Mr.  Weightman  called  on  the  clerk  for  his  account-hook,  and  finding  that  the  numbers  talliad  with  that  in  the  return,  he  granted  Raw Rawson  son Rawson  a  certificate  on  account  for-XlOOO.  The  certificate  was  in  due  course  handed  to  the  finance  committee,  and  on  being  passed,  and  returned  by  them  to  the  treasurer,  Rawson  went  the  following.  day  and  received  the  money.  From  time  to  time  he  required  more  payments  on  account,  and  obtained  them  precisely  in  the  same  manner,  until  finally  ho  applied  for  a  certificate  for  the.  balance.  Upon  this  Mr.  Weightman.  went  over  the  account,  and  having  de deducted  ducted deducted  some  4,000  bricks  for  waste,  certified  that  there  was  a  balance  in  his  favor  for  424,000  bricks.  Rawson  ac-  cordingly  received  that  balance  and  other  money  in  respect  of  work  done  :  and  the  ground  on  which  the  present  charge  rested  was  that  of  over-charge.  His  LORDSHIP  :  How,  then,  can  it  be  a  false  pretence  ?  False  pretence  consists  in  obtaining  goods  or  money  by  means  of  falsehood  state  1.  It  may  be  an  action  of  law,  but  it  is  not  an  indictable  offence.  Mr.  SIMON  continued  to  say  that  he  would  direct  his  lordship's  attention  to  the  falsification  of  the  accounts,  which  would  be  found  to  bear  out  the  false  pretence.  In  the  first  place  the  entire  amount  of  bricks  reported  by  Clark  as  made  by  Rawson,  was  6,157,230  ;  but  it  would  be  proved  that  in  that  return  there  was  au  excess  over-charged  and  over-paid  for  1,440,630  bricks.  He  would  direct  their  attention  to  some  details  of  this  account  to  show  not  only  falsification,  but  that  it  must  have  been  done  wilfully  and  with  the  knowledge  of  the  prisoner.  He  would  establish  chiefly  by  the  evidence  of  the  workmen  themselves,  that  the  total  number  of  bricks  made  by  them,  was  4,249,000.  In  some  instances  he  should  be  able  to  produce  the  books  kept  by  the  men  with  the  entries  of  Harper,  showing  in  the  cas  e  of  one  man  named  Kitchen,  that  the  actual  number  of  bricks  made  by  him  was  560,000  which  in  the  account  returned  to  Mr.  Weightman  by  Clark  the  number  charged  for  was  725,  175.  In  like  manner  the  actual  number  of  bricks  made  by  a  man  named  Charnock  was  set  down  in  Harper's  book  at  600,000,  while  in  the  account  furnished  by  Clark  he  was  reported  as  having  made  785,465,  the  over-charge  in  these  two  cases  being,  in  the  one  £139  odd,  and  in  the  other  £ll2  15.  9d.  There  was  also  a  charge  in  the  account  for  bevels  at  a  second  stool,  and  as  it  would  be  proved  that  there  was  but  one  stool  for  that  description  of  brick,  the  amount  over-paid  in  that  particular  was  £416  16s.  2d.  There  was  also  from  the  31st  of  May  a  charge  reported  in  respect  of  a  ninth  stool  and  continued  for  a  period  of  fifteen  weeks  ;  and  at  that  stool,  according  to  the  report  of  Clark,  446,565  bricks  were  made,  and  the  amount  of  money  paid  in  respect  to  it  was  £334  18s.  6d.  It  would  be  shown,  how however;  ever; however;  that  there  was  no  such  stool  in  the  field  at  all,  and  the  total  number  of  stools  there  during  the  entire  season  was  but  eight,  The  brick-burner  would  be  also  produced  and  would  COlTAnrato  tho  orideitue  of  the  moulders,  so  attic  no  earthly  doubt  could  be  entertained  as  to  the  fact  of  a  con considerable  siderable considerable  and  excessive  overcharge  having  been  made.  Then  came  the  question,  whether  or  not  this  was  fraudulently  done  ;  but  here  again  little  doubt  could  be  entertained  that  it  was  so.  For  the  total  account  with  the  corporation  was  only  £5OOO,  and  in  that  there  was  an  over  payment  of  £1567  16s.  9d.—a  circumstance  which,  certainly,  with  a  man  who  looked,  after  his  business  as  Rawson  did,  could  not  be  the  result,of  oversight  or  negligence.  His  LORDSHIP  observed  that  if  the  indictment  could  be  sustained  on  the  case  as  stated,  he  must  be  labouring  under  a  delusion  with  regard  to  the  criminal  law  for  the  last  five  or  six  years.  The  criminal  law  was  not  intended  for  such  cases,  though  a  civil  action  would  lie,  they  did  not  see  why  in  their  scheme  Mr.  Weightman  might  not  be  also  in included  cluded included  in  the  indictment,  but  he  did  not  mean  to  say  that  he  ought  to  be.  Mr.  SisioN  :  Oh  !  he  is  a  gentleman  above  any  suspicion.  Mr.  JAMES  :  And  deservedly.  HIS  LORDSHIP  :  I  have  merely  mentioned  his  name  as  . STYLE=superscript  an  illustration.  But  he  was  through  the  field  as  well  as  Raw Rawson,  son, Rawson,  and  a  man  is  much  more  sharp  to  find  out  when  he  loses  than,  when  he  gains.  Mr.  JAMES  :  The  action  at  law  has  been  brought,—it  has  been  referred  to  a  gentleman  of  high  :standing,  and  the  money  has  been  deposited  to  meet  the  award.  His  LORDSHIP  :  It  is  a  very  proper  case  for  such  a  course.  For  really  if  it  is  to  be  said  that  because  a  ervant  makes  out  a  bill  in  which  there  is  an  over-charge,  and  that  the  money  is  paid,  you  may  as  well  at  once  indict  the  tradesman  and  the  clerk  for  conspiracy.  Mr.  Snuori:  But  if  the  accounts  are  furnished  with  a  knowledge  of  the  overcharge,:and  there  is  evidence  to  show  that  knowledge  —  His.  LORDSHIP  :  I  waited,  but  I  did  not  find  any.  Mr.  SIMON  :  Not,  the  fact  that  there  are  entries.  His  LORDSHIP  :  Are  there  books  ?  Mr,  SIMON  :  The  other  side  has  them,  and  we  have  given  them  notice  to  produce  them.  His  LORDSHIP  :  That  shows  me  still  more  that  it  is  a  civil  case.  Mr.  SitdoN  :  There  are  two  books,  which  we  shall  pro produce,  duce, produce,  in  which  entries  are  made  by  Rawson's  clerk.  We STYLE=superscript  shall  show  that  Rawson  was  cognizant  of  these  entries,  and  that  he  paid  the  money  on  them.  Then  I  will  show  that  these  entries  are  true,  and  when  compared.with  the  accounts  on  which  the  money  was  received,  the  latter  will  be  found  to  be  false.  llis  LORDSHIP  :  I  don't  think  that  will  help  you  much.  It  is  only  endeavouring  to  make  me  try  a  question  of  accounts  Mr.  Weightman  was  then  sworn  and  examined.  He  de deposed  posed deposed  to  the  nature  of  the  contract  with  Rawson,  and  stated  that  Clark's  duty,  was  to  count  the  bricks,  and  return  the  number  to  him  from  time  to  time.  Witness  then  granted  the  certificate  ;  it  was  then  handed  over  to  the  treasurer;  the  treasurer  entered  it  in  his  abstract  book  ;  the  abstract  book  was  laid  before  the  finance  committee  at  their  weekly  meeting;  the  town-clerk  or,  his  deputy  read  out  the  items,  and  the  finance  committee  ordered  it  to  be  paid,  and  then  the  treasurer-  His  LORDSHIP  :  Oh  I.  it  is  the  house  that  Jack  (Laughter.)  The  witness  identified  the  account-book  kept  by  Clark,  and  stated  that  on  the  winding  up  of  the  contract  he  de deducted  ducted deducted  10  per  cent.  for  waste  on  the  total  number  of  bricks.  Charnock,  one  of  the  brickmakers,  was  then  examined,  and  stated  that  he  had  been  employed  by  Rawson,  in  the  sea season  son season  of  1851,  to  make  bricks  in  the  field  adjacent  to  the  gaol.  There  were  only  eight  stools  alto  g  ether  there  during  the  season.  The  witness  then  d  e  sc  r  ib  e  d  how  the  bricks  were  counted,  by  both  the  .men  and.  Harper,  who  afterwards,  on  every  Saturday  night,  entered  the  amounts  in  their  payment  books.  Witness  made  60,0000  bricks  during  the  season,  and  produced  his  payment  book,  in  which  that  number  was  set  down.  He  was  idle  two  weeks  during  the  sea,on.  On  cross-examination  by  Mr.  JAMES,  witness  said  that  it  was  Harper  who  managed  all  the  matters,  Rawson  merely  paying  the  money  when  the  amount  was  called  out  to  him  by  Harper.  In  answer  to  Mr.  MONK  witness  also  stated  that  Rawson  had  another  brick-field  outside  the  land  of  the  gaol.  -  Mr.  BaErr  then  showed  by  Clarke's  book  Charnock  was  entered  as  having  made  in  the  week  ending  the  14th  Jane,  34,935  bricks,  and  in  the  week  ending  the  2nd  August,  27,690,  these  being  the  two  weeks  in  which  he  had  not  worked  at  all.  Thomas  Kitchen,  another  brickmaker,  was  then  examined,  and  deposed  to  almost  precisely  similar  facts.  Richard  Molyneux,  the  brickburner,  was  also  examined,  but  his  evidence  did  not  add  any  new  feature  to  the  case.  His  LORDSHIP  inquired  if  they  could  carry  the  case  any  further  ?  Mr.  SIMON  :  Not  further  :  but  these  items  show  that  there  has  not  been  a  mere  casual  overcharge,  but  that  it  has  been  continued  throughout,  and  thus  arises  the.  presumption  of  guilt  in  each  of  the  parties.  His  LORDSHIP  :  That  would  be  quite  unreasonable.  Ramon  takes  the  account  from  his  clerk  and  pays  it.  There  is  no  motive  in  the  one  and  no  knowledge  in  the  other.  SimoN  :  But  suppose  I  show  you  loans  between  the  parties  under  circumstances  highly  improbable  ?  His  LORDSHIP  :  You  made  no  mention  of  that  before  ;  but  any  repetition  of  what  I  have  before  me  will  make  no  difference.  Mr.  MONK  :  Mr.  Simon  might  also  have  as  well  stated  that  he  would  have  known  nothing  of  these  loans  unless  from  the  statement  of  Clark  himself,  that  they  were  very  small,  and  that  an  I.  0.  U.  in  every  case  was  given.  Mr.  BRETT  then  proceeded  to  argue  that  Rawson  must  have  had  certain  anticipations  in  reference  to  the  contract,  and  that,  therefore,  he  must  have  been  aware,  through  the  largeness  of  the  excess,  of  the  falsification  of  the  accounts.  His  LORDSHIP  :  And  what  has  Rawson  to  do  with  Clark?  I  think  there  is  no  case.  You  da  not  bring  the  parties  together  at  all;  and  you  cannot  show  a  conspiracy  to  defraud  unless  you  bring  the.  parties  together,  and  show  a  corrupt  arrangement  inter  se.  There  is  no  real  case,  though  there  may  be  a  very  good  action  at  law.  The  prisoners  were  accordingly  discharged.  •  THE  BOILER  EXPLOSION  AT  BLACKBURN.  TYilliam  Hesketh  was  then  placed  at  the  bar,  and  charged  with  having,  in  the  month  of  last  October,  feloniously  killed  and  slain  Edward  Sharpies  and  others.  Mr.  MONK  appeared  for  the  prosecution,  and  stated  the  facts  of  the  case,  which  are  still  fresh  in  the  recollection  of  the  public.  The  plaintiff  is  a  manufacturer  of  woven  fabrics,  and  his  premises  at  Blackburn  being  too  large  for  his  pur purposes,  poses, purposes,  he  let  a  portion  of  them  to  a  shuttle-weaver.  He  had  an  engine,  with  the  old  waggon-shaped  boiler,  on  the  premises,  and  having  undertaken  to  supply  the  motive  power  to  both  establishments,  a  greater  pressure  was  put  upon  the  engine  than  it  could  possibly  bear,  so  much  so  that,  though  101bs.  to  the  square  inch  was  fully  as  much  as  it  could  sustain,  it  was  frequently  kept  at  a  pressure  of  301bs.  and  more  to  the  square  inch.  Having  stated  the  facts  of  the  case,  and  described  how  the  deceased  had  come  by  their  death  _through  the  explosion  of  the  boiler,  the  learned  counsel  proceeded  to  , STYLE=superscript  argue  that  though  the  prisoner•  himself  was  not  in  charge  of  engine,  yet  that  he  was  responsible  for  the  act  of  his  servant—the  engineer.  His  LORDSHIP  observed,  that  he  conceived  this  point  had  been  fully  settled  in  the  case  of  .Phillips  v.  the  London  and  North  Western  Railway.  However,  as  it  was  an  important  one,  he  would  consult  his  brother  (Baron  Martin)  on  the  subject.  His  LORDSHIP  then  retired,  and  on  his  return  stated  that  his  learned  brother  was  equally  clear  on  the  subject  as  he  was.  If  the  prisoner  had  done  the  act  himself,  or  if  it  bad  been  done  by  his  particular  direction,  then  he  might  be  sued  iu  trespass  ;  but  here,,  where  the  act  was  done  through  his  agent,  who  was  not  dioputcd  to  be  an  intelligent  one,  the  case  could  not  lie,  and  the  only  remedy  could  be  by  civil  action.  It  would  be  well,  perhaps,  if  the  law  in  this  par particular  ticular particular  were  altered;  and  though,  if  in  Parliament,  he  might  vote  for  such  an  alteration,  yet  so  long  as  it  existed  in  its_  present  form,  it  could  only  be  administered  in  that  state.  The  prisoner  was  accordingly  acquitted.  THE  RIOTS  AT  BLACKBURN.  James  Burthill,  William  Slater,  Robert  Dickenson,  Ben Benjamin  jamin Benjamin  Waddy,  and  Joh4  Cowell,  were  indicted  for  assaulting  William  Stowe,  with  intent  to  do  him  bodily  harm,  on  the  Ist  of  last  November,  at  Blackburn.  The  assault  arose  out  of  the  last  mun  cipal  election  in  that  town,  and  though  it  was  a  very  severe  one,  yet,  fort  una  t  e  l  y  ,  i  t  did  not  resu  l  t  i  n  any  serious  injury  to  the  prosecutor.  After  a  protracted  trial,  Cowell  was  acquitted.  The  other  prisoners  were  convicted  on  the  count  charging  them  with  maiming  and  wounding,  and  were  sentenced  each  to  twelve  months'  imprisonment.  THE  LATE  PRIZE  FIGHT,  Frank  Donne'ly  and  Joseph  Clarke  pleaded  not  guilty  to  the  charge  of  having  on  the  12th  of  November  feloniously  killed  an  slain  one  James  Gill.  Mr.  BRETT  prosecuted,  and  Mr.  TINDAL  ATKINSON  defended.  The  facts  of  this  case  have  been  very  recently  before  the  public.  The  deceased  and  Donnelly  fought  a  prize  fight  a  short  time  since  for  £2O,  and  though  after  a  fight  of  thirty-five  minutes  the  deceased  was  declared  the  victor,  yet  he  died,  in  a  few  days  after  his  triumph.  It  appears  that  his  health,  previous  to  the  fight,  was  in  a  de declining  clining declining  state,  and  that  a  day  or  two  after  the  erysipelas  set  in,  and  thus  terminated  his  career.  For  the  defence  a  witness  was  called,  and  he  proved  that  on  the  night  after  the  fight  he  had  seen  the  deceased  fighting  with  a  man,  much  his  superior  in  physical  strength,  in  Scotland Scotlandrow.  row. Scotlandrow.  He  saw  the  deceased  repeatedly  thrown  to  the  ground  ;  and  it  was  accordingly  exceedingly  doubtful  whether  the  erysipelas  arose  from  the  injuries  then  received,  or  from  those  sustained  by  him  in  the  prize  fight.  Clarke  was  the  second  of  Donnelly.  The  prisoners  were  acquitted.  SECOND  COURT.--YESTERDAY.  Michael  liibchester,  a  winding  master  in  a  mill  at  Preston  and  a  married  man  was  accused  of  a  criminal  assault  on  Margaret  Pemberton,  a  married  woman,  both  workers  in  Sharples's  mill.  The  prisoner  was  acquitted.  John  Hudson,  James  Berry,  and  John  Brierly,  three  boatmen  were  indicted  for  an  assault  on  a  married  woman  named  Jane  Makinson,  at  Manchester.  The  accused  were  boatmen,  and  the  facts  of  the  transaction  have  recently  ap appeared  peared appeared  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  In  this  case  also  there  was  a  verdict  of  not  guilty."
