text
"have  been  concocted  by  some  collusion  between  him  and  some  agent  of  Mr.  Shrivall's.  I  shall  send  a  copy  of  this  note  to  the  Mercury  for  publication  to-morrow.—l  am,  sir,  your  obedient  servant,  Price-street,  Nov.  14,  1853.  DAVID  M'CLELLAN.  MR.  DAVID  M4CLELLAN.  have  to  acknowledge  the  receipt  of  your  note  of  this  day,  and  will  thank  you  to  state  precisely  the  inacu inacuracies  racies inacuracies  of  which  you  complain  in  the  report  to  which  you  allude.  As  it  is  your  intention  to  publish  a  contradiction  to-morrow,  you  will  be  pleased  to  let  me  have  an  answer  by  the  bearer.—l  am,  sir,  your  obedient  servant,  CHARLES  WILL3IER.  The  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  OFFICE,  19,  South  John Johnstreet,  street, Johnstreet,  Liverpool,  Nov.  14,  1853.  MR.  CHAS.  WILLMER.  Sir,—l  have  no  reply  to  make  to  your  note  just  received,  except  to  say  that  my  answer—a  full  report  of  the  case— casewill  will casewill  appear  in  the  Mercury  to-morrow.—l  am,  sir,  your  obedient  servant,  _  DAVID  M'CLELLAN.  Price-street,  Nov.  14,  1853,  Six  o'clock.  P.S.—I  shall  'also  publish  your  note  and  this  reply.  D.M'C.  We  shall  add  a  supplementary  note  which  Mr.  M'Clellan  seems  to  have  forgotten.  It  shows  the  strong  desire  which  animated  him  to  have  the  case  fully  reported,  and  it  may  also  indicate  why  anything,  however  accurate,  short  of  a  verbatim  re report  port report  of  a  case,  which  lasted  upwards  of  five  hours,  should  have  been  denounced  as  utterly  contrary  to  the  facts,  and  concocted  in  collusion  with  some  agent  of  Mr.  Shrivall.  The  following  note,  written  in  pencil,  and  without  date,  was  left  at  the  resi residence  dence residence  of  the  publisher  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  at  an  early  hour  on  Sunday  morning  last  :  DEAR  Stn,—The  case  yesterday  was  a  terrific  exhibition  of  villany  and  perjury,  and  I  was  glad  to  see  a  reporter  from  the  DAILY  TIMES.  I  call,  however,  this  morning,  to  tell  you  the  cause  of  a  reporter  from  the  Mercury  being  also  there.  Mr.  Nyberg,  the  magistrates'  clerk,  had  been  to  the  Mercury  office  to  tell  them  about  the  case,  and  that  it  ought  to  be  fully  reported.—Yours  truly,  DAVID  APCLELLAN.  We  have  no  desire  to  prolong  a  discussion  of  this  nature,  and  with  the  simple  advice  to  Mr.  APClellan,  that  he  should  be  more  /cautious  for  the  future  about  making  charges  which  have  no  foundation;  and  in  dealing  with  newspapers,  he  should  eschew  the  shop,  and  transfer  his  custom  elsewhere,  without  making  a  public  display  of  his  folly.  We  subjoin  a  letter  which  we  have  received  from  our  reporter  :-  -  •"
