text
"LAW  COURTS.-LONDON.  MITCHENSON  AND  ANOTHER  V.  OLIVER.-LIABILITY  OP  SHIPOWNERS.  This  was  an  action  brought  by  the  plaintiffs,  who  are  ship  and  anchor  smiths  at  Limehouse,  to  recover  from  the'  defendant,  a  merchant  at  Liverpool,  the  value  of  certain  goods  which  had  been  supplied,-and  of  work  which  had  been  done  to  a  ship  belonging  to  him,  called  the  Progress,  whilst  it  was  lyinc  , STYLE=superscript  in  the  East  India  docks.  The  defendant  pleaded  a  denial  of  liability.  •  On  the  part  of  the  plaintiffs,  it  was  proved  that  the  de defendant  fendant defendant  was  the  sole  registered  owner  of  the  vessel,  that  Captain  Thompson  was  the  master  of  the  vessel,  that  in  1852  Captain  Thompson  had  given  the  order  for  the  goods  and  the  work  in  question,  which  had  commenced  on  the  10th  of  October,  and  ended  on  the  17th  November,  1852,  and  that  the  work  and  stores  which  had  been  furnished  were  neces necessary  sary necessary  to  enable  the  ship  to  obtain  the  classification  of  A  1  at  Lloyd's.  When  the  repairs  had  been  completed,  the  ship  was  engaged  by  the  Admiralty  for  the  transport  of  troops  for  the  sum  of  68001.  The  case  for  the  defendant  was,  that  in  July,  1852,  Mr.  Oliver  had  agreed  to  sell  the  Progress  to  a  Mr.  Gompertz,  to  whom  on  the  9th  of  September  he  delivered  her,  and  that  Mr.  Gompertz  had  appointed  Captain  Thompson  as  master,  and  had  through  his  agency  given  orders  for  the  supply  of  the  goods  and  the  work  in  question.  After  the  work  had  been  done,  having  reason  to  believe  he  should  not  be  able  to  obtain  his  money  from  Mr.  Gompertz,  he  had  resumed  possession  of  the  ship  and  had  appointed  another  captain.  The  defendant's  case  having  concluded,  The  jury  said  they  had  made  up  their  minds  without  hearing  the  reply.  Lord  Campbell  directed  the  jury  in  point  of  law  that  if  they  thought  the  vessel  remained  in  the  possession  of  the  defendant,  and  that  Thompson  was  appoiaed  master  with  the  concurrence  of  the  defendant,  although  by  Gompertz,  and  that  the  goods  and  work  ordered  by  Thompson  were  fit  for  the  ship,  Thompson  might  be  considered  as  the  agent  of  the  owner,  who  might  be  held  liable.  Mr.  Bramwell  tendered  a  bill  of  exceptions  to  his  lord lordship's  ship's lordship's  ruling.  The  jury  returned  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff  for  the  amount  claimed.  NICHOL  V.  OLIVER.  Mr.  Serjeant  Shee  and  Mr.  Boville  appeared  for  the  plaintiff  ;  Mr.  Bramwell  and  Mr.  Barstow  represented  the  defendant.  •  This  was  an  action  brought  against  the  same  defendant  as  in  the  last  case,  by  the  plaintiff,  who  is  a  shipwright,  to  recover  5311.  for  work  done  to  the  Progress,  under  the  same  circumstances  as  those  detailed  in  the  previous  action.  The  only  difference  was,  that  the  order  had  been  given  by  the  shipbrokers,  Messrs.  Hutchinson,  instead  of  by  the  captain.  Mr.  Bramwell  submitted,  at  the  conclusion  of  the  evidenile  adduced  on  behalf  of  the  plaintiff,  that  there  was  no  case,  as  there  was  no  connection  whatever  shown  between  the  plaintiff  and  the  defendant.  Mr.  Serjeant  Shee  contended  that  Captain  Thompson,  having  superintended  the  plaintiff's  workmen,  and  ordered  work  to  be  done  beyond  that  which  was  ordered  by  Messrs.  Hutchinson,  must  be  taken  to  have  ratified  their  Order.  Lord  Campbell  was  of  opinion  that  there  was  no  evi evidence  dence evidence  in  regard  to  that  part  of  the  work  which  was  done  under  the  order  of  Messrs.  Hutchinson,  but  that  there  was  evidence  with  regard  to  the.  remainder  of  the  plaintiff's  claim.  The  case  for  the  defendant  being  closed.  Mr.  Serjeant  Shee  replied.  Lord  Campbell  summed  up,  directing  the  jury  in  the  same  manner  as  in  the  last  case  with  regard  to  the  work  done  under  Capt.  Thompson's  order.  The  jury  returned  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff,  for  2461.  RILL  V.  OLIVER.  This  was  also  an  action  brought  to  recover  5421.  for  sails  chiefly  supplied  to  the  Progress  by  the  orders  of  Captain  Thompson  under  circumstances  similar  to  those  in  the  two  last  cases.  Verdict  for  the  plaintiff,  subject  to  a  reference.  BRODIE  V.  OLIVER.  This  was  the  fourth  case  against  the  same  defendant  brought  under  similar  circumstances  to  the  others,  and  resulted  in  the  same  manner.  The  snip  Athens,  arrived  at  Now  nriAans  with  immi immigrants  grants immigrants  from  Havre,  reports  twenty-two  deaths  from  cholera  on  the  passage.  The  Richard  Alsop  made  the  trip  from  New  York,  die diecharged,  charged, diecharged,  loaded  with  3000  bales  of  cotton  and  5000  staves,  and  sailed  for  Liverpool  in  twenty-four  days.  •  The  legislature  of  Newfoundland  is  prorogued  till  the  3lst  January  then  to  meet  for  the  dispatch  of  'busi 'business.&#34;  'business.&#34;  MORE  DEATHS  AT  SEA.—The  packet  ship  Victoria,  Capt.  Champion,  from  London  and  Portsmouth,  Oct.  27,  arrived  AC  New  York  with  388  passengers.  She  had  50  deaths  among  the  passengers.  WRECK  OF  THE  BRITISH  BARQUE  EuzA.—Baltimore,  Wednesday,  Nov.  30.—The  British  barque  Eliza,  from  Callao,  bound  to  Baltimore  with  guano,  went  'ashore  near  li  Cape  enry  on  Monday,  and  the  vessel  and  cargo  were  a  total  loss.  The  mate  was  drowned.  NEW  Sum—Launched  on  Wednesday,  from  the  building  yard  of  Messrs.  James,  Smith  and  Sons,  a  beautiful  ship  of  1337  tons  new  measurement,  and  1649  tons  0.M.,  named  the  Queen  of  the  Seas.  The  Queen  of  the  Seas  is  con constructed  structed constructed  with  the  view  not  only  to  beat  the  Marco  .  Polo,  built  by  them,  but  to  beat  or  compete  successfully  with  any  merchant  ship  now  afloat,  as  she  was  constructed  under  special  survey  by  Lloyd's  surveyor,  Mr.  Tucker,  and  will  class  seven  years  at  Lloyd's.  We  learn  that  Messrs.  Smith  are  building  two  clipper  ships  for  a  Valparaiso  house,  in intended  tended intended  to  compete  with  the  American  Clippers  in  the  Cali California  fornia California  trade,  and  from  their  experience  and  well  known  en enterprise,  terprise, enterprise,  we  have  no  doubt  that  they  will  be  entirely  sue suecessful.—New-Brunszoicker.  cessful.—New-Brunszoicker. suecessful.—New-Brunszoicker.  I  ROBBERY  By  AN  APPRENTICE.—On  Saturday,  at  the  Manchester  city  police-court,  a  young  man  named.  William  Armitt,  an  apprentice  in  the  employment  of  Mr.  Marshall,  tin-plate  worker,  was  charged  with  absconding  from  his  master  and  taking  with  him  ss.  6d.  It  appeared  that  he  was  sent  an  errand  by  his  mistress,  who  gave  him  6s.  6d.  to  accomplish  it,  and  that  he  never  returned.  'The  master  was  willing  to  take  him  again  into  his  service  upon  condition  that  he  promised  to  behave  better,  for  the  future.  This  proposition  was  kindly  laid  before  him  by  the  magistrate,  bilt  the  inexorable  apprentice  said  he  cared  nothing  at  all  about  it,  and  ho  was  then  committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the  sessions:"
