text
"MUNICIPAL  ELECTION.  VAUXHALL  WARD.,--  MEETINO  LAST  NIGHT.  A  meeting  of  the  electors  of  this  ward  favourable  to  the  return  of  Mr.  Daniel  Powell,  to  represent  the  ward  in  the  Town  Council,  at  the  approaching  municipal  election,  was  held  at  No.  84,  Vauxhall-road,  at  eight  o'clock  last  night.  There  was  a  very  numerous  attendance,  the  chair  was  taken  by  WALTER  MCGREGOR,  Esq.  The  CHAIRMAN  briefly  explained  the  object  of  the  meet meeting,  ing, meeting,  stating  that  a  numerously  signed  requisition  of  the  elec electors  tors electors  had  been  presented  to  Mr.  Daniel  Powell,  a  merchant  of  very  high  standing  on  'mange,  and  well  known  to  them  all,  calling  upon  him  to  present  himself  'as  a  candidate  to  represent  that  ward.  Mr.  LUPTON  proposed  the  first  resolution,  introducing  the  name  of  Mr.  Powell,  as  a  gentleman  well  acquainted  with  all  local  matters  connected  with  that  great  commercial  town,  a  highly  respectable  merchant  of  many  years  standing,  and  known  to  them  all  for  his  great  benevolence.  (Cheers.)  The  resolution  was  as  follows  That  in  the  opinion  of  this  meeting,  Daniel  Powell,  Esq.,  is  a  fit  and  proper  person  to  represent  this  ward  at  the  next  ensuing  municipal  Mr.  JOHN  Evans  seconded  the  resolution.  Mr.  Ituonns  briefly  addressed  the  meeting  in  support  of  the  resolution,  stating  that  he  had  had  the  honour  of  know knowing  ing knowing  Mr.  Powell  for  upwards  of  twenty  years,  and  had  ob observed  served observed  his  conduct  as  a  merchant  of  that  town,  and  he  had  no  hesitation  in  saying  that  he  never  knew  a  more  upright.  straightforward,  honest,  and  useful  man  (hear,  hear,  and  cheers).  He  thought  the  electors  of  Vauxhall  ward,  if  they  rallied  to_  return  Mr.  Powell  to  the  Town  Council,.  they  would  do  themselveS  extreme  credit  and  advantage,,  in  re returning  turning returning  a  man  who  would  never  be  swayed  by  polictical  or  religious  feelings,  or  by  any  other  feeling  than  a  desire  to  discharge  his  duty,  faithfully  to  his  constituents.  (Hear,  hear,  and  loud  cheers.)  The  resolution  was  then  carried  unanimously,  and  amid  loud  applause.  '  Mr.  POWELL  then  rose,  and  was  received  with  loud  cheer cheering.  ing. cheering.  He  said—Mr,  chairman  and  gentlemen,  after  the  very  flattering  reception  I  have  met  with  at  your  hands,  I  can  scarcely  find  words  to  express  my  gratitude,  and  I  cannot  for  a  moment  attribute  it  as  the  expression  of  your  feelings  towards  myself,  but  towards  the  cause  which  we  all  advocate.  (Cheers.)  I  have  been  an  active  member  of  the  liberal  in interest  terest interest  ever  since  I  came  to  know  or  to  think  of  politics  at  all  ;  and  I  think  it  is  scarcely  possible,  although  it  is  at  the  same  tithe  unwise  to  introduce  politics  into  the  Council  Chamber,  to  divest  yourselves  of  some  little  feeling  towards  that  line  of  conduct  which  you  have  always  pursued  in  life.  (Hear,  hear.)  Gentlemen,  Ido  not  hesitate  to  say,  that  this  ward  has  a  right  to  be  represented  in  the  Council  by  persons  pro profesSing  fesSing profesSing  liberal  principles.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  take  it  that  the  immense  funds  which  we  raise  in  this  large  town  from  the  great  bulk  of  the  community,  ought  to  be  distributed  in  such  a  manner  that  the  great  bulk  of  the  community  shall  derive  thei  greatest  possible  advantage  from  the  administration  of  these  funds.  (Cheers.)  lam  happy  to  say  that  now,  in  the  reformed  Council,  matters  are  not  likely  to  be  as  hereto heretofore.  fore. heretofore.  Your  funds  will  not  be  administered  for  the  aggran aggrandisement  disement aggrandisement  of  an  individual  or  a  family  ;  but  from  the  publicity  which  is  given  to  what  takes  place  in  the  Council,  you  will  allihave  the  power  of  judging  how  those  whom  you  send  to  represent  you  conduct  themselves  there.  And  notwithstand notwithstanding,  ing, notwithstanding,  that  I  feel  it  is  the  duty  of  persons  sent  into  the  Council,  to  take  care  that  the  rates  are  so  administered  as  not  to  press  tog  much  upon  the  rate-payers,  I  should  still  be  loath  to  grOge  a  rate  being  made  where  it  is  absolutely  necessary  for,  the  sanitary  condition  of  the  town.  (Hear,  hear.)  Gentlemen,  the  poorest  classes  benefit  most  by  the  sewerage  an  the  sanitary  regulations  which  are  now  being  effected..  Unfortunately,  it  comes  heavily  now,  because  those  who  pre preceded  ceded preceded  us  have  heretofore  neglected  their  duties,  and*we  are  consequently  now  obliged  to  bear  the  burthen  and  the  heat  of  'the  day  for  their  neglect.  (Hear,  hear.)  We  must,  for  the  present,  put  up  with  it,  and  be  content  to  pay  our  rates,  in  order  that  the  health  of  the  town  may  be  preserved,  and  pakicularly  at  the  present  moment,  when  the  scourge  with  which  Providence  has  been  pleased  to  afflict  other  parts  of  the  kingdom,  may  approach  nearer  us  ;  and  I  'believe  it  is  enerally  admitted,  that  there  is  nothing  which  is  more  coiducive  to  health  than  good  drainage,  to  look  after  tq  condition  ,of  the  poorer  classes,  see  that  their  hokises  are  properly_  kept  and  clean,  and  to  preserve  them  and  their  '  families  in  good  health.  (Hear,  Gentlemen,  if  you  do  me  the  honour  to  send  me  into  the  Council,  I  shall  make  no  pledges  whatever.  I  shall  go  there  free  and  unbiassed.  I  have  arrived  at  that  time  of  life  when  I  think  I  am  capable  of  judging  and  acting  for  the  benefit  of  those  who  do  me  the  honor  to  send  me  to  represent  them.  (Hear  hear).  I  shall  go  there  unfettered,  but  'to  the  best  of  my  judgment,  and  the  best  of  my  ability,  I  will  attend  to  the  interests  of  the  town  at  large  and  the  electors  of  this  ward,  as  far  as  lies  in  my  power.  One  individual  can  do  little,  but  I  am  happy  to  sax',  that  if  I  have  the  honour  of  being  sent  to  represent  you,  I  shall  be  supported  by  two  libe liberals,  rals, liberals,  Dr.  Bradley,  and  Mr.  Moss.  (Cheers).  It  will  afford  pleasure  to  act  with  those  gentlemen,  when  I  think  their  opinions  are  right,  but  when  I  think  they  err  in  judgment,  and  am  satisfied  in  my  own  convictions  that  they  are  wrong  and  lam  right,  I  will  come  before  you,  and  I  promise  you  if  you  call  upon  me  at  a  moment's  notice,  and  say  you  think  I  have  done  wrong,  I  will  pay  my  fine  and  retire.  (Cheers).  I  am  not  aware,  gentlemen,  that  I  have  anything  further  to  add.  There  is  nothing  which  at  present  requires  very  great  attention;  but,  as  'I  have  before  'stated,  so  far  as  I  am  able  to  form  an  opinion,  your  interests  shall  have  my  best  atten attention,  tion, attention,  and  to  the  best  of  my  judgment  I  will  endeavour  to  to  serve  you  faithfully.  (Cheers).  I  have  therefore  to  thank  you  again  for  the  kind  reception  you  have  given  me,  and  to  express  my  sincere  gratitude  for  the  honour  you  have  done  me,  in  choosing  so  huinble  an  individual  to  represent  this  large  ward  in  the  common  Council.  (Great  ap applause).  plause). applause).  Mr.  Moss,  in  a  few  words,  proposed  the  following.  resolu 'resolution.—'  That  this  meeting  pledges  itself  by  'every  legal  means  to  secure  the  representation  of  Vauxhall  Ward,  on  the  first  of  next  Mo  Dr.  VALTEN  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  unani unanimously  mously unanimously  adopted.  Dr.  BRADLEY  briefly  addressed  the  meeting,  concluding  by  proposing  that  their  thanks  be  given  to  the  chair chairman,  man, chairman,  which  was  seconded  and  carried  amid  general  ap applause.  plause. applause.  •  The'  proceedings  then  terminated.  MAYORAL  HOSPITALITIES  AT  MANCHESTER.—The  Mayor  (Robert  Barnes,  Esq.)  entertained  at  dinner  at  Brookside  on  Wednesday,  the  12th  instant,  Robert  B.  Arm Armstrong,  strong, Armstrong,  Esq.  (recorder),  •  Sir  John  Potter,  Colonel  Foster  (Royal  -Engineers)  ;  Captain  Campbell,  and  Lieutenants  Coney  and  Fitzgerald  (Ist  Royal  Dragoons)  ;  Captain  Carter  and  Lieutenants  Watson  and  Pearson  (7th  Royal  Fusileers)  ;  Lieutenant  Torriano  (Royal  Artillery)  •  and  Tames  Aspinall  Turner,  Samuel  Brooks,  Joseph  Whitworth,  John  Reid,  Thomas  Hilton,  R.  J.  Jones,  Thomas  Cardwell,  W.  C.  Cruttenden,  Charles  Clarke,  Augustus  Kelham,  J.  B.  Mark Markland,  land, Markland,  William  Calder  Marshall,  ILA.,  H.  G.  Horn,  Joseph  Heron,  and  Frederrck  S.  Austin,  Esqrs.  On  Thursday  the  13th  instant,  the  Mayor  also  entertained  at  dinner  the  Right  Hon.  William  Ewart  Gladstone,  M.P.,  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer  ;  the  Lord  Bishop  of  Manchester,  Sir  Stephen  Glynn,  Sir  William  Heathcote,  Sir  Elkanah  Armitage,  Sir  John  Potter  ;  Messrs.  Aldermen  Neild,  Watkins,  and  Shutte Shutteworth  worth Shutteworth  ;  Rev.  Richard  Greswell  (Oxford),  and  J.  C.  Harter,  Thomas  Bazley,  kames  Aspinal  Turner,  Daniel  Maude,  Joseph  Heron,  Robert  Gladstone,  Samuel  Fletcher  (Parker (Parkerstreet),  street), (Parkerstreet),  William  Fairbairn,  Henry  Ashworth,  Malcolm  Ross,  Leopold  Reiss,  T.  B.  Potter,  and  John  Pender,  Esqrs.  And  last  evening,  the  Mayor  entertained  at  dinner  Colonel  Brook  Taylor  (staff  officer)  ;  Colonel  Yorke  (lst  . STYLE=superscript  Royal  Dragoons)  ;  Colonel  Wilbraham,  Major  Sir  Thomas  Troubridge,  Captain  Mills  ;  Lieutenants  Tryon,  Leeson,  and  Butler,  and  John  Mitchell,  Esq.,  M.D.  (7th  Royal  Fusiliers)  ;  Captain  C.  J.  Franklin  (Royal  Artillery),  Lieutenant  Westhead  (34th.  Regiment),  Captain  Joseph  Peel  (3rd  Royal  Lancashire  Militia),  Captain  Clarke  (4th  Royal  Lencashire  Militia)  ;  Captain  Willis,  Rev.  H.  M.  Birch  ;  and  John  F.  Phillips,  Montague  Gladstone,  Richard  Simpson,  James  Dugdale,  James  Hatton,  James  C.  Harter,  jun.,  Joseph  Ewart,  and  Daniel  Broadhurst,  Esqrs.  MEETING  OF  CREDITORS  AT  THE  BANKRUPTCY  COURT  MANCHESTER—Monday,  17th  Oct.,  at  12:—John  Milnes,  woolstapler,  Rochdale,  certificate;  George,  Joseph,  and  Thomas  .  Prodder,  cotton-spinners,  Rochdale,—adjourned  certificate  of  George  Prockter  ;  George  Ramshaw,  grocer,  Ashton-under-  Lyne—audit;  John  Combes  ironmonger,  Manchester,  last  examination  •  Wm.  Rinlot  , STYLE=superscript  bread-baker,  &amp;c.,  Manchester,  last  examination,  Tuesday,  18th  :—Henry  Hunt,  paper  manufacturer,  &amp;c.,  Heaton  Norris,  Manchester  and  Glossop,  last  examination,  at  11.;  Emanuel  Cunliffe,  cotton-spinner,  &amp;c.,  Higher  sooths,  near  Bnrnley,  last  examination  on  bankrupt's  application,  at  12.  Wednesday,  19th  :  —John  Ellis,  machine-broker,  Preston,  adjourned,  last  examination,  at  12  ;  John  Heap,  the  elder,  and  Richard  Heap,  silk-printers,  Manchester,  adjourned  last  examination  at  12.  THE  GAMBLERS  OF  NEW  YORK.—There  are  two  vices  which,  just  now,  seem  to  be  in  the  ascendant—drink ascendant—drinking  ing ascendant—drinking  to  excess  and  gambling.  The  former,  however,  has  thousand's  watching  it,  prepared—with  conventions,  new  license  laws,  Maine  laws,  and  other  weapons—to  the  even  if  they  cannot  kill  it.  But  the  latter  ap appears  pears appears  to  rule  uncontrolled.  Gambling  is  in  its  glory,  in  this  blessed  .  year  of  '53,  especially  in  New  York.  The  Crystal  Palace  in  that  place  and  the  yellow  fever  at  the  south  have  combined  to  draw  an  unusually  large  portion  of  the  profes profession  sion profession  to  our  sister  city.  We  are  told  that  they  swarm  at  all  the  best  hotels,  and  were  never  known  to  have  as  much  money  as  now.  The  past  summer  has  been,  indeed,  a  golden  harvest  to  them:  The  pigeons  they  have  plucked  have  been  almost  countless.  One  cannot  think  of  the  misery  they  have  ivorked  without  the  heart  boiling  from  indignation.  Oh  'who  shall  count  the  husbands,  sons,  and  brothers  they  have  misled;;  the  happy  homes  they  have  rendered  miserably;  the  frantic  victims  they  have  driven  into  crime.  The  great  city  has  become  a  very  Babylon  through  them  ;  and  fast,  indeed,  are  they  filling  up  the  dark  cup  0  their  iniquity.  —New  York  'Tribune,  Sept.  28.  THE  DUTY  ON  PAPER.—The  duty  on  paper  last  year  amounted  to  £947,905,  and  in  the  preceding  year  to  '£934,567.  THE  DUTY  •  ON  CARRIAGES  AND  HORSES.—The  new  duty  on  carriages  and  horses  commenced  from  Monday  last  for  the  year  1854,  in  respect  of  carriages  and  horses  exempted  under  the  old  act.  It  appears  that  in  the  ycar  ended  the  sth  of  January  last,  the  duty  on  horses  realized  373,2464  ;  and  on  carriages,  407,2221  SZMlUMLarimanta.....llloP  ROY  .l[.  MAIL  STEAM  PACKET  COIL-  t STYLE=superscript  ° STYLE=superscript  t  !  ° STYLE=superscript  e  The  half  yearly  general  meeting  of  the  CompanYL  place  on  Thursday.  at  the  London  Tavern,  Bish  o STYLE=superscript  street.  Captain  Shepherd,  R.N.  inthe  chair.  Captain  CHAPPELL,  the  secretary  read  the  report  - STYLE=superscript  1;  1 STYLE=superscript  bl  stated  that  the  unprecedented  rise  in  the  rate  of  f  o  and  the  cost  of  Coal,  had  materially  effected  all  the  e  Itl  ag  Steam  Packet  Companies  in  the  Kingdom,  and  the  come  had  incurred  an  expense  of  £27,000  in  coal  alone,  D.s  e  u  ti  t  that'  of  the  corresponding  half  of  the  year,  1852.  1 STYLE=superscript  :  110  coal,  hitherto  . STYLE=superscript  used  exclusively  by'  this  •ccimPann  at  i  f  e  used  by  other  companies,  and.  there  had  been  no  alte  rn STYLE=superscript  )  ,o  but  to  purchase  coal  of  an  inferior  quality,  the  consatalf  eet  of  which  was  quicker  and  consequently  more  costly.  T  o STYLE=superscript  this  pressure  for  supplies  of  coal,  the  directors  7'  9  made  for  the  shipment  of  10.000  tons  f  - STYLE=superscript  r°  1:11 STYLE=superscript  0  1  United  States  of  America  to  depots  in  the  West  Indies;_  9  as  portions  of  this  had  already  reached  their  destinat  l STYLE=superscript  7  at  sufficiency  for  the  winter  consumption  was  now  lictie  all  the  stations,  so  that  no  reason  existed  to  appre  l STYLE=superscript  :  a  failure  in  the  company's  engagements  in  this  resro  It  had.  •  also  been  found  necessary  to  increase,  in  M STYLE=superscript  oo  .  branches'  of  the  service,  the  rate'  of  wages,  and  these  e  bined  circumstances  would  explain  the  causes  of  the  hi  I  scale  of  disbursement  presented  in  the  half  year  of  the  Is;  ° STYLE=superscript  de  ,  ing  account.  Since  the  late  general  meeting,the  Avon,  P)  . STYLE=superscript  i  0  and  Teviot,  had  been  stationed'  for  intercolonial  sernee  , STYLE=superscript  ..3  lieu  of  the  Great  - STYLE=superscript  Western  ;  Thames,  and  Trent,  ord  e STYLE=superscript  l  e STYLE=superscript  d,  home  for  general  repair  ;  and  the  Dee,  after  being  copP  ° STYLE=superscript  repaired,  and  lengthened  at  New  York  , STYLE=superscript  would  in  the  Pr'  ls  ,  month  relieve  and  send  home  the  Medway  for  a  s  imilar  pose.  In  each  case  the  ships  repaired  and  altered  o STYLE=superscript  *  - STYLE=superscript  o  f  materially  improved  in  speed,  so  that  the  efficient  ststeie  the  company's  fleet  was  such,  at  present,  as  t  o  justify  r  ,  directors  in  anticipating  a  punctual  perfo  r  man  ce  of  thestehe  vice  entrusted  'to  the  company  by  its  contract  with  _4ll  Government,  when  the  fleet  was  complete,  the  certainty  be  secured  rof  reachii*  Panama  and  Aher  places  •  1,,  Ehgland  more  rapidly  plaSt.Thomas,  than  by  any  other  ro  u STYLE=superscript  .  i  ,  and  thereby  of  materially  accelerating  the  steam  conitat  i STYLE=superscript  .%,  cations  with  Australia  and  the  various  ports  in  the  Ocean.  In  conclusion,  after  due  consideration  of  all  esi`  et  ing  circumstances,  and  trusting  that  many  o  f  th  ose  a  t  prese;  unfavourable  to  - STYLE=superscript  the  company  were  only  of  a  tempo  i  7 STYLE=superscript  the  directors  were  of  opinion  that  th  e  usua  l  rated  dividend,  £2  per  share,  should  be  declared  for  the  first:,  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  current  year,  the  same  to  be  paid,  free  of  income  on  and  from  the  18th  The  CHAIRMAN,  in  moving  the  adoption  of  the  reP  ° STYLE=superscript  rG STYLE=superscript  recapitulated  its  main  features  '  A  PROPRIETOR  seconded  the  adoption  of  the  report,  911 STYLE=superscript  1  observed  that  he  considered  it  as  satisfactory  as  they  CO.  ce  expect  it  to  be  under  the  disadvantagebus  circumstan  alluded  to.  He  wished  to  know  whethe  r  th  ere  wa  s  n°'  , STYLE=superscript  .  clause  in  the  company's  contract,  which  gave  th  em  a  ew  upon  the  government  in  the  event  of  coa  l  s  reac  hing  :i STYLE=superscript  unusually  - STYLE=superscript  high  price.  - STYLE=superscript  -  The  CHAIRMAN  stated,  in  referenee  to  the  clause  autholid  the  company  to  apply  to  the  Government  for  aid  in  ;  event  of  the  prices  of  coals  rising  to  an  unusually  high  10  1 STYLE=superscript  it  that  there  was  no  doubt  a  clause  of  that  description,  hilly  was  not  of  a  very  definite  nature,  and  it  o  n  ly  em  p  owe  red  O  f  directors  .to  seek  the  assistance  of  Government  in  eai  war,  or  other  circumstance  •of  a  national  character  might  raise  the  frcightts,  &amp;c.,  above  a  certain  point;  P'rj  even  then  it  was  provided  that  the  claim  should  not  exe  m  X  75,000.  This  matter  had  not  escaped  the  notice  of  U'  directors  ;  but  it  could  scarcely  be  said  that  anything  ha  d STYLE=superscript  be  present  occurred  as  affecting  this  company  which  might  called  of  a  for  although  there  sv  e STYLE=superscript  be  threats  of  war,  he  trusted  that  those  threats  would  not  carried  into  execution.  After  some  further  observations,  the  report  was  adopt  ed STYLE=superscript  ',  B  and  the  business  terminated;  with  a  vo  t  e  o  f  th  an  k  s  to  chairman  and  directors.  Last  night  a  man  was  garroted  in  Temple-0A  and  robbed  of  £5.  _  THE  INDEPENDENCE  OF  TIIIIKEY.—A  public-LA-m  eet STYLE=superscript  ,  i  ,,f  ing  of  the  borough  of-  Finsbury  is  to  be  held  on  Tufs'&#34;'  next,  at  the  Music-hall,  Store-street,  to  give  public  eirl  e  sion  of  opinion  on  this  questton.  Mr.  T.  S.  Duncombetp.  Borough  member,  has  undertaken  to  preside  on  the  occal  y  TEE  WINE  DuTlEs.—lt  appears  from  a  Pi  ll STYLE=superscript  ;10  mentary  document  issued  within  the  last  few  dal;  that  ill  t  41  year  ended  the  sth  January  last,  the  wine  'duties  an  wial  to  £1,795,013.  uE  pi,ED  .  :rn  THE  u  it  banqueti.Gni  r  PROPOSED  _P  t  o  o  Ts  LardhE  e  p  BANQU  ET  seopteaillmna  enrs  Palm  erston  n  O  y  LORD  PALMERSV  sj STYLE=superscript  .  IS STYLE=superscript  s  in  th  E  at  di  t  i  h  ib  e  ur  id  g  e  h  a  ,  o  h  f  :  g  .  e STYLE=superscript  !  ba  c  n  t STYLE=superscript  :  g STYLE=superscript  t  abandoned  for  the  present.  DREADFUL  TIIUNDER  STORM  .  AT  DEA_•&#34;',  O  4..  Thursday  evening,  Deal  was  visited  by  one  of  the  ll STYLE=superscript  'f  o  t  awful  thunderstorms  known  for  some  years  ;  it  continaeck  l  ia  more  than  an  hour,  the  flashes  of  lightning..being  verYl  l STYLE=superscript  and  strong,  accompanied  by  heavy  rain.  A  PRUSSIAN  SQUADRON  OFF  DOVER.—On  afternoon,  about  1  o'clock,  a  small  Prussian  squadron  r„  tb.  Dover  :—a  frigate,  an  18-gun  ship,  a  brig  and  a  Q STYLE=superscript  were:indistinctly  seen.  They  sailed  westward.  ,  ins  $  GREAT  ONSLOW  CONSOLS  MINES.—YeSt°I\--'  st  ,  meetin  g  of  the  proprietors  and  shareholders  in  the  gl'  e STYLE=superscript  e  i  Onslow  Mines,  situated  in  Cornwall,  was  held.at  the  il  l STYLE=superscript  g  e  -  Hotel,  Dale  Street,  for  ...  the  purpose  of  considering  the  r  - STYLE=superscript  a'  sent  prospects,  and  taking  steps  to  develope  the  resourc  e STYLE=superscript  Ag  s STYLE=superscript  t,  the  mines.  There  were  upwards  of  50  shareholders  pro  - STYLE=superscript  r  consisting  of  gentlemen  residing  in  Liverpool,  Manch'  Tlitlrsdaed.r  Preston,  and  other  large  towns  in  the  North  of  der  by  whom  the  shares  were  principally  held.  n  tete  a STYLE=superscript  Bonnet,  Esq.  of  Wadebridge,  occupied  the  chair,  anat'  t  t\l°  into  an  interesting  account  of  the  present  prospects  °  t  oe.  company,  which  were  of  an  exceedingly  encouraging  tile,  He  showed  that  by  a  further  application  of  machinet  00  resources  of  the  mines  might  be  greatly  developed,.  as  '  t STYLE=superscript  0  5 STYLE=superscript  been  ascertained  that  the  copper  ore  contained  in  theia,  $  almost  inexhaustible..  After  the  chairman's  remar'  d  ot  discussion  took  place,  and  it  was  ultimately  iesolved  °t  o  additional  macbanery  for  the  working  of  the  mines  sh  be  procured.  .  i  ,  nn  . STYLE=superscript  i  .,11 STYLE=superscript  THE  STEAMER:  STE'TTIN.&#34;  This  pe  , STYLE=superscript  ..,  ‘  ,,  ti STYLE=superscript  vt  steamer  belonging  to  the  •Liverpool  (new)  Steam  e  li  now  lying  in  the  Trafalgas  dock,  attracts  al  1  ,  /  ,  attention.  She  is  fitted  up  in  a  style  that  cannot  be  5 STYLE=superscript  0  1  passed.  •  The  ladies  cabin  is  remarkable  for  its  light  ,1  1 STYLE=superscript  00  airy  appearance.  There  two  entrances  into  it--oue  fro  g  airy  companion  stairs,  the  other  from  the  great  saloon-  - STYLE=superscript  ;',,a  affording  to  ladies  an  opportunity  to  ladies  of  entering  eitp4  way.  The  births  in  this  department,  are  some  of  the  larg,c_  o  and  loftiast  idany  boat  in  the  same  trade.  The  ventilan  .  is  perfect,  and  for  general  comfort,  lady  passengers  will  a  i  l'  e  ,  themselves  quite  at  home  in  this  pretty  steamer.  The  gen  i STYLE=superscript  .  ,,j  mans  cabin,  although  more  extensive,  is  fitted  up  with  aro  taste  and  regard  to  comfort.  The  .grand  general  saloon'  •t  not  only  ample,  but  is  laid  out  in  a  style  that  reflects  ac  , STYLE=superscript  t:,  on  the  Coinpany.  Nothing  has  been  left  undone  r  e  the  boat  a  favourite.  Her  commander,  captain  James  Coal;  (late  of  the  is  a  gentleman  of  experience,  1  0° STYLE=superscript  •;  10  urbanity,  attention,  and  professional  knowledge  entitle  II  A  to  the  conndence  of  the  public.  Captain  McGrath,  mac'  Captain  Collis  in  the  Times.  „  I  L  reO STYLE=superscript  DESTRUCTION'  OF  A  RAILWAY  STATION  BY  A  .11.  .  1 STYLE=superscript  -.  - STYLE=superscript  4  1  ON  THE  GREAT  WESTERN  RAILWAY.—One  of  the  131° STYLE=superscript  :4  singular  accidents  that  ever  happened  on  a  railway,  t,,,  e  place  on  Wednesday  evening  at  the  Reading  station  on  i;  e  Great  Western  line;  by  which  a  shed  covering  one  of  t STYLE=superscript  A  platforms  was  levelled  with  the  ground.  The  goods  from  Basingstoke  is  due  every  night  here  about  ten  o'elco  and  last  night  it  made  its  appearance  at  the  usual  time.  0  0  policeman  in.attendance  gave  the  signal  for  it  to  come  illa  i  i  the  line  of  rails  running  close  to  the  outside  pillars  of  L  I  shed.  It  appears  that  the  side-flaps  of  one  of-the  trucks  :  1 STYLE=superscript  J  hanging  down,  so  as  to  come  in  contact  with  the  pillars/  - STYLE=superscript  as  the  train  was  goang  at  a  considerable  speed  the  flap  stl  with  . STYLE=superscript  great  force  against  each  successive  pillar,  forcing  t  out  of  their  perpendicular,  and  as  it  struck  the  last  the  r  0  cipals  across  the  upper  part  of  the  shed  gave  wav  /  an  .;  ~  whole  fell  in  from  the  centre  with  a  tremendous  crash,  ~i  burying  a  number  of  empty  carriages  in  the  debris.  .:,i  conductor,  driver,  and  stoker  on  the  goods  train  all  esal  i STYLE=superscript  f  i  uninjured,  though  a  portion  of  the  building  fell  on  sovie  t  ,  the  trucks  in  that  train..  The  damage  arising  from  this  cident  is  estimated  at  £2OOO.  ,  LECTURE  ON  THE  CONDITION  OF  FUGITIVE  01.*  01 STYLE=superscript  IN  CANADA.—LaFt  evening,  the  Rev.  I.  Ward,  a  gentleli  of  colour,.  of  Zoronts,  Canada,  'delivered  a  Lecture  oli  o  subject,  in  the  Concert-hall,  Lord  Nelson-street.  A  a  numeronus  audience  assembled  tonear  the  lecture;  al  l STYLE=superscript  the  platform  were  the  following  gentlemen  :  Rec.  Raffles,  Rev.  J.  Celly,  Rev.  J.  Dewsnat,  Rev.  W.  P.  V  ford,  J.  Jeffurges;  R.  Rathbone,  T.  Blackburne,  W.  i STYLE=superscript  t  ;  field,  and  J.  flyby,  Esquires.  The  chair  was  occu  pie  ~,  John  Cropper,  Esq.,  who  in  a  few  brief  remarks  intredr,  the  Lecturer  to  the  meeting.  ,  The  Rev.  Mr.  NtralL'  o  t  presenting  himself,  was  loudy  applauded.  He  introu'i  t  ai  the  subject  of  his  lecture  by  describing  the  value,  and  de  ri  o  ing  the  origin  and  progress  of  the  slave  laws  in  Aill  e STYLE=superscript  ore  t'  These  laws,  though  fearfully  stringent  in  their  nature,  e  rs  ineffectual  in  accomplishing  the  purposes  of  their  desleol  and  accordingly  the  Fugitive  Slave  whicly  earned  for  its  authors  well  ;merited  infamy,  was,  pa  s STYLE=superscript  ,,  sc STYLE=superscript  oll  1850.  The  lecture  gave  many  illistrations  of  the.  W&#34;',.iao  of  this  law,  and  described  mill  a  graphic  manner  the  pe  r STYLE=superscript  t  adventures  which  the  poor  negroes  encounter  in  fl  -ing  its  dire  operation,  to  the  free  shores  of  Canada,  laie.,l  t  as  how  the  free  states  of  America,  though  speaking  0  1 STYLE=superscript  '  s  il  about  abolition,  yet  speedily  and  suecumberd  to  th  .  040  -  states,  and  how  they  thus  violated  the  most  s  acred  Christianity,  lest  their  commerce  thould  suffer  by  their  sni  i  e  ;  st  fellow-countrymen  withdrawing  their  custom  from  w  ill  The  thorough  freedom,  social;  religious,  and  politicalp.e:  the  men  of  colour  enjoyed  in  Canada  called  for  the  he  e!  ;  b  ,  eulogy  from  the  lecturer,  and  he  boldly  met  the  chargo,iir,  culated  in  many  a  Trans-Atlantic  print  as  to  the  io  n STYLE=superscript  j  o  ill,  /  of  the  fugitive  slaves  when  the  reached  and  settled  C.  Toronto,  Hamilton,  and  Chatham.  Some  were  i  lli STYLE=superscript  se  e  C!',t,  so  were  white  men;  and  he  should  be  rejoiced  to  o  rt  e  s STYLE=superscript  '  i  l STYLE=superscript  li  a  portion  of  God's  earth  where  vice  and  crime  did  ,  n  ,  il STYLE=superscript  biel  3 STYLE=superscript  4  ,eo  He  clearly  pointed  -out  how  the  quasi  -freedom  tr  engi9  4 STYLE=superscript  negroes  were  allowed  in  North  America  served  to  '  r  ig'  cll  slavery  in  the'  south,  by  nurturing  the  prejudie  es STYLE=superscript  by  O  t  i STYLE=superscript  tis  them;  and  he  justly  observed  that  the  only  inea  ls STYLE=superscript  ,  o  fisg  a  do'  that  prejudice  -could  be'broken  down,  was  by  c'  e STYLE=superscript  l  ,  co  ,r  condition,  social  and  moral,  of  the  fugitive  slaves  il  l STYLE=superscript  ca  tiY,o4  On  the  conclusion  of  the  lecture,  which  was  freq  a  de,  4 STYLE=superscript  plauded  during  its  delivery,  a  collection  was  111 STYLE=superscript  010  which  the  Rev.  J.  Kelly,  Mr.  Rathbone,  Dr.  i  l STYLE=superscript  other  gentlemen  addressed  the  meeting.  tpr  i STYLE=superscript  ;  Cl.l°i)l,  tiod;  ic STYLE=superscript  6  4  4 STYLE=superscript  P2_TB00088 Th  South  P2_TB00089 vt  '  l. STYLE=superscript  Nl  i  o;  fol  ~Hla]  P2_TB00090 !tp'ly  •  r-/IN  °I4("
