text
"POLICE  COURT.-SATURDAY.  STEALING.  BUTTER.  7  --A  lad  who  stated  his  name  was  William  Leach  was  committed  for  three  months  on  a  charge  of  stealing  .  several  pounds  of  butter,  the  property  of  a  shop shopkeeper  keeper shopkeeper  living  in  Netherfield-road  North.  The  woman  missed  the  butter  from  her  shop,  and  it  was  found  in  the  possession  of  the  prisoner  by  the  officer.  ALLEGED  ROBBERY  BY  A.  PROSTITUTE.—Inn  Foley,  a  respectable  and  decent-looking  young  female  was  charged  with  stealing  a  sovereign  from  the  person  of  a  man  who  gave  his  name  Miles  Kunden,  at  a  brothel,  this  morning.  The  complainant,  apparently  a  respectable  man,  stated  that  on  the  previous  evening  he  had,  while  walking  along  the  street,  became  acquainted  with  the  female,  whom  he  accompanied  to  abrothel,  where  they  had  so  mething  to  drink—half  a  crown's  worth  of  brandy—and  then  retired.  This  morning,  when  he  was  getting  out  of  bed,  he  fancied  lie  saw  the  female  trying  to  swallow  something,  upon  which  he  went  to  his  pocket,  from  which  he  stated  a  sovereign  had  been  abstracted.  He  accused  her  of  taking  it,  which  she  at  first  denied,  but  upon  being  threatened  to  be  given  into  custody,  she  said  she  would  try  to  get  it  for  him  again,  as  she  had  swallowed  it.  She,  in  about  three  minutes  produced  the  sovereign,  and  re returned  turned returned  it  to  him.  He  then  gave  her  into  custody.  The  magistrates  expressed  their  surprise  that  the  complainant  could  be  so  credulous  as  to  suppose  that  a  sovereign  could  pass  through  the  accused  in  so  short  a  time  as  three  minutes.  The  complainant  assured  the  bench  that  it  was  a  fact  ;  but  they  not  believing  the  statement,  called  upon  the  prisoner  for  her  version  of  the  affair.  She  denied  swallowing  the  sovereign,  and  said  the  complainant  had,  on  the  previous  night  given  her,  after  some  little  hesitation,  4s.  6d.  ;  but  when  he  arose  this  mornig  he  insisted  upon  her  returning  that  amount  to  him,  this  she  refused  to  do,  when  he  gave  her  into  the  custody  of  the  police,  charging  her  with  steal stealing  ing stealing  a  sovereign.  The  magistrates  discharged  the  accused,  and  the  complainant  evidently  much  chagrined  that  his  tale  had  not  been  believed,  left  the  court,  cutting  rather  an  un unenviable  enviable unenviable  figure,  after  such  an  exposure.  ROBBING  THE  WORKHOUSE.—A  pauper  named  John  Hobson  was  charged  with  stealing  some  gin  and  whiskey  from  the  stores  in  the  workhouse.  It  appeared  that  a  por portion  tion portion  of  the  wall  of  the  store-house  had  been  broken  in,  as  with  a  battering-ram,  and  about  two  gallons  and  a-half  of  gin,  and  a  gallon  of  whiskey  had  been  stolen  therefrom.  The  prisoner  had  been  .  seen  to  drink  some  of  the  gin.  Committed  for  twenty-one  days.  STEALING  EGGS.—A  lad  named  John  Sing  was  charged  with  stealing  tour  eggs  from  a  stall  in  St.  John's  market,  for  which,  the  robbery  having  been  clearly  proved,  he  was  committed  for  fourteen  days.  STEALING  A  D  um—Margaret  _Flannagan,  an  old  of offender,  fender, offender,  was  committed  for  one  month,  on  a  charge  of  steal stealing  ing stealing  a  duck  from  the  same  market.  A  CAB-DRIVER  CHARGED  WITH  RUBBERY.—Abraham  Williams,  a  cab  driver,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  gold  watch  guard  and  watch,  the  property  of  Isaac  Benn,  a  per person  son person  who  stated  that  he  had  recently  come  to  Liverpool,  and  had  taken  up  his  residence  at  a  house  in  Netherfield-road,  North.  The  complainant  stated  that  he  had  taken  a  cab  on  the  previous  night,  and  paid  the  defendant  3s.  before  he  started.  He  had  been  driven  about  the  town  for  some  time,  and  stopped  at  the  corner  of  Roscoe-street,  when  the  defendant  demanded  3s.  of  him,  which  ho  refused  to  pay,  when  lie  forcibly  took  his  guard  and  watch,  saying  he  should  keep  them  until  he  got  the  money.  The  Magistrate  :  Were  you  sober  ?  Complainant  :  If  I  had  been  sober  I.  should  not  have  re required  quired required  a  cab  to  go  home  in.  Police-officer  367,  stated  about  half-past  twelve  o'clock,  he  heard  the  cry  of  and  went  to  the  corner,  when  the  prisoner  was  given  into  his  custody.  The  cabman  stated  the  defendant,  who  very  drunk,  called  him  into  a  public  house  and  asked  him  to  drink,  after  which  he  engaged  him  to  drive  him  home.  He  took  him  to  the  place  where  directed  when  the  complainant,  using  some  dis disgraceful  graceful disgraceful  language,  told  him  to  take  him  to  another  place.  lie  drove  him  about  for  two  hours,  and  he  left  the  cab  at  the  corner  of  Roscoe-street,  but  refused  to  pay  the  fare,  and  he  seized  hold  of  him  to  take  him  to  the  Rose-hill  police  office,  when  he  caught  hold  of  his  guard  and  the  watch  came  with  it.  He  gave  him  his  card  when  he  started.  H  e  would  not  give  his  address.  He  was  so  drunk  that  he  did  not  appear  to  know  where  he  did  live.  The  magistrates  dismissed  the  case,  having  censured  the  complainant  for  the  manner  he  had  given  his  evidence,  which  led  them  to  believe  that  he  was  scarcely  sober,  and  also  the  cabman,  for  using  such  violence.  Dock  ROBBERY.—James  Boardman,  an  old  offender,  was  committed  for  one  month,  on  a  charge  of  stealing  a  piece  of  iron  from  the  Sandon  dock.  STEALING  .WEARING  ATPAREL.—Emma  Richardson,  a  young  woman,  appeared  before  the  belich,  enveloped  in  something  resembling  a  white  sheet,  the  dress  she  had  on  when  apprehended  having  been  identified  as  a  part  of  the  property  she  had  stolen,  and  therefore  taken  from  her,  was  brought  up;  charged  with  a  most  impudent  and  wholesale  robbery.  It  appeared  that  about  the  15th  day  of  October  last,  the  prisoner  went  and  engaged  apartments  at  Mrs:  Thompson's  dressmaking  establishment,  Danzic-street,  hav having  ing having  represented  that  she  was  about  to  leave  England  for  Australia  in  the  course  of  a  few  days,  being  only  waiting  for  her  cousin,  who  was  barmaid  at  the  Adelphi  hotel,  and  was  going  to  accompany  her.  From  the  prisoner's  apparent  re respectability,  spectability, respectability,  and  the  gentility  of  her  demeanour,  Mrs.  Thomp Thompson  son Thompson  permitted  her  to  tan  the  apartments,  but  a  few  days  after  she  decamped  with  a  very  large  collection  of  wearing  apparel,  including  shawls,  dresses,  and  linen  ;  and  nothing  further  was  heard  of  her  until  that  morning,  when  she  was  seen.  in  Whitechapel,  and  apprehended  with  one  of  the  dresses  upon  her  person.  The  dress  and  another  portion  of  female  attire  were  identified  by  Mrs..  Thompson  and  her  as assistant,  sistant, assistant,  and  the  magistrate  committed  the  offender  for  three  months'  imprisonment.  -  ROBBERY  ON  BOARD  AN  AMERICAN  'VESSEL.—Richard  Phillips,  an  American  sailor,  was  charged  with  breaking  open  the  chest  belonging  to  one  of  the  crew,  and  stealing  there therefrom  from therefrom  a  watch  and  some  money.  As  the  offence  had  been  committed  a  few  days  after  the  vessel  had  left  New  York,  the  magistrates  had  no  jurisdiction,  and  the  prisoner  was  consequently  discharged.  AN  ARTFUL  DODGE.—Two  Irish  youths,  named  Cooney  and  Dillon,  were  ,  charged  with  stealing  shakings  from  a  vessel  in  one  of  the  docks.  The  theft  was  witnessed  by  the  police-officer.  The  accused  each  began  to  explain  their  share  in  the  transaction  in  the  true  Irish  dialect,  which  the  magistrate  said  he  could  not  understand,  and  informed  them  they  must  talk  in  English.  This  they  said  they  could  not  do,  and  proceeded  as  before.  There  being  no  owner  for  the  property,  the  magistra',.;  said—You  aro  Irish;  would  you,  if  I  let  you  go  this  t:  ,  go  home  to  Ireland.  This  offer  was  too  much  for  them  to  resist,  when  they,  in  as  good  English  as  woo  over  spoken,  assured  the  magistrate  they  would,  and  were  sent  down  to  the  office  to  be  taken  home.  ASSAULT.—Peter  Casselby,  a  lazy,  dissipated-looking  fel fellow,  low, fellow,  was  committed  for  two  months'  imprisonment  for  a  most  unprovoked  and  violent  assault  upon  his  wife.  -  -  ROBBERY.  —Two  lads,  who,  it  would  appear,  are  per perfectly  fectly perfectly  irreclaimable,  named  Andrew  Frame  and  Michael  .Flinn,  were  charged  with  stealing  a  goose  from  St.  John's  Market.  The  two  lads  were,  just  previous  to  the  robbery,  discharged  by  the  magistrate  before  whom  they  were  then  brought  ;  no  person  appearing  to  prosecute  them,  they  were  committed  for  fourteen  days,  and  each  to  be  well  whipped.  SLIDING  ON  THE  LANDING-STAGE.—TWO  men,  named  Richard  Tasker  and  Richard  Groom,  residing  at  St.  Ann Annstreet,  street, Annstreet,  Birkenhead,  were  each  fined  ss.  for  sliding  on  the  landing-stage  at  two  o'clock  on  the  morning  of  the  27th  ult.  There  was  a  very  thick  fog  at  the  time,  and  as  the  stage.  was  very  slippy  from  the  keen  frost,  the  acts  of  the  defendants  were  calculated  to  render  the  place  still  more  dangerous.  SMUGGLING.—Jaines  M  Carney,  fireman  on  board  the  steamer  was  fined  215.,  or,  in  default  of  pay payment,  ment, payment,  committed  for  21  days,  for  smuggling  half  a  gallon  of  whisley.  The  prisoner  was  detected  in  passing  through  the  Clarence  dock  by  officer  Walsh.  The  whiskey,  which  was  contained  in  a  bladder  hid  beneath  the  prisoner's  shirt,  was  20  per  cent.  over  proof.  Informations  were  returned  against  Patrick  Hand  for  stabbing  Margaret  Simms,  lodging-house  keeper.  HAMBURGIL  MAIL  PACKET.—The  mail  packet  from  Lon London  don London  direct  to  Hambugh  has  been  withdrawn,  and  letters  hitherto  sent  by  that  conveyance,  will  in  future  be  forwarded  by  Belgium  and  Prussia—unless  specially  directed.  Letters  not  exceeding  half  an  ounce  will  be  liable  to  the  following  rates  of  postage  viz.  :  Hamburgh,  Bremen,  Hanover,  Bruns Brunswick,  wick, Brunswick,  or  Mccklenburgh  Schwerin,  Bd.:  Mecklenburgh  Strelitz  and  Oldenburgh,  Bd.  ;  Denmark,  111-d.  •  Norway,  Is.  sd.  ;  and  Sweden,  Is.  2d.  These  rates,  which  include  the  whole  postage,  British  and  foreign,  to  destination,  will  increase  for  heavier,  letters,  according  to  the  scale  in  opera operation  tion operation  for  charging  letters,  in  the  Unit  ed  Kingdom  ;  and-the  postage  may  bo  paid  in  advance,  or  the  letters  may  be  sent  unpaid,  at  the  option  of  the  sender.  Newspapers  for  the  several  countries  and  places  above-mentioned  will  not  be  liable  in  the  United  Kingdom  to  any  postage  ;  but  periodical  works,  not  daily,  heretofore  forwarded  at  a  reduced  rate  of  postage,  cannot  be  sent  via  Belgium  and  Prussia,  excepting  at  the  usual  rates  chargeable  for  letters."
