text
"MISMANAGEMENT  AT  THE  CONCERT  HALL.  .  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  I  have  the  misfortune  to  remain,  Your  very  obedient  servant,  ONE  OF  THE  CRUSHED  THE  POLICE  AND  PROSTITUTION  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  Liverpool,  Dec_  20,  1853.  SIR—I  am  happy  to  find  that,  through;  the  ,me-  Ilium  of  your  very  valuable  paper,  you  are  exposing  some  of  the  immoralities  which  exist  in  this  town  to  a  most  alarming  extent,  namely,  regula regulations  tions regulations  and  •  It  is  my  duty,  in  order  to  attend  my  employment,  to  pass  through  the  streets  at  12  o'clock  at  night,  and  sometimes  at  a  very  early  hour  in  the  morning.  But,  I  can  _say,  that  during  the  whole  of  the  last  three  months,  I  have  never  passed,  but  one  mprn mprning,  ing, mprning,  without  seeing  one  or  more  of  the  police-of police-officers,  ficers, police-officers,  who  should  have  been  on  their  duty  at  the  time,  inside  of  public  houses,  drinking  ;  and  this,  Mr.  Editor,  is  the  way  that  the  public  are  protected.  The  houses  into  which  they  principally  retire,  too,  are  houses  of  very  inferior  description,  many  of  which  are  the  •abodes.of  prostitutes  of  the  rather  better-dressed  kind.  And  it  is  from  these  unfortu unfortunate  nate unfortunate  persons  that  they  . STYLE=superscript  principally  get  what  they  call  their  allowance  !  But,  Mr.  Editor,  what  I  should  ,  call  it,  is  a  licence  to  steal,  given  to  th  ose  W  omen.  It  is  a  well-known  fact,  that  if  they  would  not  give  the  police  their  fee  or  allowance,  they  would  n9t,be  allowed  to  walk  on  their  In  fact,  they  are  encouraged  by  the  police  of  this  town,  who  will  for  a  small  sum  keep  the  whole  of  their  round  for  that  unfortunate  being  who  fees  them  ;  and  this,  sir,  I  have  from  their  own  words  and  from  expe experience,  rience, experience,  for  .  I  have,  to  obtain  information,  gone,  into  the  company  of  many  of  these  unfortunates,  includ including  ing including  some  of  the  most  well-dressed  and  . STYLE=superscript  s'ome  of  the  most  wretched,  some  drunken  and:  some  sober.  For,  sir,  there  are  some  sober  persons  even  amongst  the  most  wretched  - STYLE=superscript  beings  under  the  *canopy  of  hea heaven  ven heaven  ;  and  these  are  the  most  to  be  pitied  of  their  most  miserable  class.  I  have  not  sought  the  com company  pany company  of  these  despised  and  most  wretched  beings  for  any  evil  purpose,  but  simply  to  find  where  the  real  truth  of  their  fall  lies  !  •  If  you  think  fit,  Mr.  Editor,  I  will  send  you  some  of  their  statements,  which,  when  brought  to  light  before  the  public,  I  am  sure  will  help  to  release  those  miserables  from  utter  reprobation.  Trusting  that  ,I  .  have_not  ,taken  up  too  much  of  your  valuable  time,  and-hoping  that  you  will  insert  this  in  your  paper,  making  some  allowance  for  mis mistakes,  takes, mistakes,  it  being  from  a  working  man,  with  not  much  time  to  spare,  but  wishing  to  reform  some  of  these  wretched  beings  who  have  fallen  through  man's  craft,—l  remain,  Sir,  yours,  A  WORKING  MAN  OF  LIVERPOOL.  [We  shall  be  glad  to  hear  again  from  the  Working  Man  of  He  has  manifestly  a  kind  heart,  and  a  judgment  beyond.his  opportu opportunities.  nities. opportunities.  If  we  could  lay  the  communication  as-it  has  reached  us  before  the  public,  it  would  at  once  be  made  clear  that  the  writer  is  what  he  calls  him himself.  self. himself.  But  with  men  so  valuable  among  the  working  classes,  we  should  not  despair  of  freeing  this  town  frOm  the  enormities  to  which  his  letter  refers.]  THE  CITY  OF  sailing  of  this  steamer  for  Australia  is  delayed  in  consequence  of  being  fitted  with  a  boomerang  instead  of  the  screw-propeller  she  had  already  shipped.  She  is  to  sail  on  the  3rd  January,  and  Sir  Thomas  Mitchel  the  inventor  of  the  boomerang  goes  out  in  her.  GLASGOW  POST-OFFICE.—The  Provost  of  Glasgow  has  an-.  nounced  that  he  has  had  letters  from  Lord  Canning  and  Sir  C.  Trevelyan,  promising  that  the  foundation  of  a  new  post-office  for  that  city  would  be  laid  on  the.  25th  March,  1854.  So  much  for  agitation.  On  Saturday  last,  a  desperate  attack  was  made  on  the  police  at  Belfast,  when  on  entering  a  victualler's  house  after  hours  to  put  out  the  guests,  they  were  assailed  with  great  violence.  -  A  young  man,  named  John  R.  Gibbon,  employed  in  the  establishment  of  Mr.  Boyd,  Mary-street,  Dublin,  killed  him himself  self himself  on  Friday  morning  last,  by  taking  au  over-dose  of  laudanum,  35  drops.  PREACHING  AND  PRACTICE.—A  man  who  lately  carried  off  a  prize  for  an  essay  on  total  abstinence  from  a  temperance  society  in  a  large  town  in  the  west,  was  seen  the  other  day  dragged  to  the  police-office  between  two  constables,  as  merry  as  Bacchus,  without  any  of  the  jolly  god's  classical  associations.  A  daguerreotype  of  the  scene  would  form  a  capital  frontispiece  to  the  next  edition  of  his  essay  ,  which  would  thereby  be  rendered  d  ou  bly  va  l  ua  bl  e.—N.  B.  Mail.  UNIVERS=  RErousr.--University  reform  to  be  made  a  Qovernment  measure,  and  to  f  orm  one  o  f  t  h  e  top  i  cs  of  the  ueen's  speech.  The  question  was  thus  to  be  taken  out  of  the  hands  of  the  university,  and  submitted  to  the  wisdom  of  parliament.  The  government  are  anxious  in  the  meantime  to  know  what  the  university  has  done,  or  propose  to  do,  on  the  four  leading  points,  to  which  attention  was  drawn  by  Lord  John  Russell  in  his  speech  in  the  house  in  April  last,  viz.:-1.  The  constitution  of  the  university-2.  Its  .exten-  Bien,  by  the  admission  of  persons  to  its  teaching  otherwise  than  belonging  to,  and  residing  in  colleges.-3.  The  removal  of  restrictions  , STYLE=superscript  upon  fellowships  ;  and  4'.  The  application  of  some  parts  or  Lao;  nAIiPPSS  to  the  payment  of  professors  and  other  cognate  purposes.  :flow  TO  CHOOSE  A  HtTSnAND.—If  a  man  wipes  his  feet  on  the  door-mat  before  coming  into  the  room  you  may  be  sure  he  will  make  a  goo  d  d  omes  ti  c  husband.  If  a  man,  in  snuffing  the  candles,  snuffs  them  out,  you  may  be  sure  he  will  make  a  stupid  husband.  If  a  man  puts  his  handkerchief  on  his  knees  whilst  taking  his  tea,  you  may  be  sure  he  will  make  a  prudent  husband.  In  the  same  way,  always  Mis Mistrust  trust Mistrust  the  man  who  will  not  take  the  last  piece  of  toast  or  Sally  Lunn,  but  prefers  waiting  for  the  next  warm  batch.  It  is  not  unlikely  that  he  gr  will  make  a  eedy,  .  selfish  hus husband,  band, husband,  with  whom  you  will  enjoy  no  brown  '  at  dinner,  no  crust  at  tea,  no  peace  whatever  at  home.  The  man,  my  dears,  who  wears  goloshes,  and  is  careful  about  wrapping  himself  up  well  before  venturing  into  the  night  air,  not  unfrequently  makes  a  good  invalid  husband  that  mostly  stops  at  home,  and  is  easily  comforted  with  slops.  The  man  who  watches  the  kettle  and  pFevents  it  boiling  over,  will  not  fail,  my  dears,  in  his  married  state,  in  exercising  the  same  care  in  always  keeping  the  pot  boiling.  The  man  who  doesn't  take  tea,  ill-treats  the  cat,  takes  snuff,  and  stands  with  his  back  to  the  fire,  is  a  brute  whom  I  would  not  advise  you,  my  dears,  to  marry  upon  any  consideration,  either  for  love  or  money,  but  most  decidedly  not  for  love.  But  the  man  who,  when  the  tea  is  over,  is  discovered  to  have  had  none,  is  sure  to  make  the  best  husband.  Patience  like  his  deserves  being  rewarded  with  the  best  of  wives  and  the  best  of  mothers-in-law.  My  dears,  when  you  meeewith  such  a  man,  do  your  utmost  to  marry  him;  In  the  severest  winter  he  would  not  mind  going  to  bed  first.  —Punch's  Pocket-book.  WOLVERHAMPTON  COAL  AND  IRON  TRADE.—On  account  of  the  proximity  of  Christmas,  great  anxiety  is  felt  by  ironmon,  gers  and  the  people  generalli.to  get  in  a  stock  of  coal  for  their  immediate  wants;  the  demand  is  therefore  very  great,  and  far  in  excess  of  the  supply.  Large  tracts  of  thick  coal  still  lies  immersed  in  water,  at  Tipton  Green,  the  Moat  ColliCry,  and-the  Deepfields,  and  there  seems  no  probability  at  present  of  a  release  on  account  of  the  disagreement  which  exists  amongst  the  proprietors,  as  to  the  expense  of  erecting  water  engines  and  other  necessaries.  The  Iron  trade  still  maintains  unabated  vigour,  and  the  ironmasters  will  not  remain  satisfied,  it  appears,  till  there  is  another  rise  declared  of  20s.  per  ton  upon  manufactured  iron,  which  will  bring  it  up  to  the  stan standard  dard standard  it  was  at  the  commencement  of  the  year,  viz  :—Bars,  £l.l,  hoops,  £l2,  and  plates,  £l3  per  ton.  Some,  of,  the  makers  state,  as  a  justification  for  this  step,  that  the'raw  material  has  note  attainedibeprice  it  was  when  iron  fetched  the  above  rates.  We  would  caution  the  ironmasters  against  any  precipitate  act  tha,t,  will  again  b  r  i  ng  d  own  t  h  e  price,  and  u  l  t  i  mately  end  in  discomfiture.--  FolverliamolZfral  f  fi  t  •  L  friendly  squeeze  is  no  doubt  well  enough  in  ids  way,  but  to  be  ramm'd,  and  jamm'd,  and  •  cramm'd,&#34;  as  were  her  Majesty's  lieges,  Without  and  within  the  Concert-hall  on  last  Friday  night,  is  a  matter  not  to  be  laughed  at,  much  less  paid  for.  Who  the  gentlemen  are  that  perpetrate  the  arrange arrangements  ments arrangements  for  temperance  demonstrations  in  that  edi edifice,  fice, edifice,  I  don't  know;  but  it  is  certain  that  their  per perceptions  ceptions perceptions  of  the  nature  of  from  are  exceeding  obtuse,  and  I.  for  oue  would  rejoice  to  see  them  forced  to  take  their  first  step  in  the  march  Of  humanity  adorned  each  with  a  pair  of  fashionable  stays  ;  or,  better  still,  the  straps  and  lacings  of  a  straight  waistcoat.  It  is  really  much  too  bad  that  an  audience  bent  upon  enjoying  the  intel intellectual  lectual intellectual  feast  which  one  of  Gough's  orations  un-,  questionably  supplies,  should  have  their  thoughts,  distracted  by  reminiscences  of  the  black  hole  of  Calcutta,  and  an  involuntary  craving  for  fresh  air  and  cold  water.  Why,  in  the  name  of  common  sense  and  common  honesty,  d  oes  no  t  th  e  direr  limit  the  issue  of  tickets  to  such  a  number  as  the  hall  can  comfortably  'accommodate,  and,:  above  all,  eschew  the  discreditable  trick  of  allowing  favorites  easy  access  to  choice  'locations  in  the  in-'  terior,  by  the  door  of  the  newsroom,  before  the.  door  of  the  hall  itself  is  opened.  A  ticket  for  a'  seat,  one  would  imagine,  should  secure  a  seat  to  the  holder,  and  anywhere  else  would  do  so,  but  in,  the  hands  df  these  sapient  Managers  it  ,becomes  a  mockery,  a  delusion,  and  a  Trusting,  Mr.  Editor,  that  your  sympathy  with  crushed  humanity  will  induce  you  to  let  these  delinquents  feel  the  power  of  the  press,  hydraulic,  if  you  will."
