text
"Freedom  will  be  found  at  his  post,  and  the  earnest  he  gives  us  for  hope,  is  the  fact,  unparalleled  in  modern  or  ancient  higtory  FOUR  CROWNED  BEADS  sit  that  he  lived  to  see  ting  at  oue  period,  or  ow  may  well  be  proud  of  her  Freeman,  anc  la  of  her  Minister!  IT  is  not  for  any  peculiar  love  of  the  theme  that  We  recur  to  the  subject  of  Strikes.  It  is  one  which  must,  as  a  general  rule,  be  unsatisfactorily  dealt  With,  inasmuch  as  any  argunient  advanced,  pleas,  big  to  the  einploYed,  will,  as  a  matter  of  course  seem  to  bear  against  the  employers,  and  vice  versa.  Thitt  comliinatioilS,  or  league@,  to  employ  a  p  olitico oliticofashionable  fashionable oliticofashionable  title,  may  be  effective  of  a  vast  amount  of  good,  cannot  be  denied.  But  a  good  servant  may  sometimes  proVe  a  bad  master;  and  we  must  confesS  that  we  regard  With  feelings  of  .apprehen .apprehension  sion .apprehension  the  strikes  ii6iv  daily  chronicled  throughout  the  country.  The  wages  movement  seems  to  be  general;  and  has,  Already  oceasioried  b.  very  de decided  cided decided  oiipositidn  oil  the  part  of  the  emplOYers.  There  really  is  something  infectious  in  the  proceedings  of  the  operatives.  If  those  of  a  certain  district,  were  to  make  a  successful  stand  for  a  higher  rate  of  pay,  or  for  privileges  to  which  they  deem  thertiselVeS  entitled,  their  exam example  ple example  is  immediately  fdlloWed  by  Varibus  artizans  of  other  crafts;  Mid  this  has  iloW  proceeded  to  such  lengths,  that  the  capitalists  are  compelled  to  bestir  themselves:  We  beliee,  that  in  these  days,  even  with:Mit  Strike  6,  the  just  deiiiandS  Of  the  labouring  population  would  not,  and  Could  not,  be  disregarded.  What  a  sense  of  justice  on  the  part  of  employets  might  riot  effeCt  by  the  toice  of  public  opinion;  to  say  nothing  of  the  certainty  of  a  dice  balailee  in  the  labourer-market  being  maintained.  One  fact  by  the  way,  seems  self-evident.  If  funds  can  be  readily  raised  from  the  labours  of  artizans  in  full  employment,  to  support  those  strikes,  the  aggregate  of  the  wages  received  by  them  ;  cannot  fall  far  short  of  what  Is  equitable,  This  ;  however,  is  not  the  most  important  point  of  view  in  which  to  regard  the  subject.  The  price  of  labour  will  tight  itself  with  or  without  the  aid  of  strikes  ;  and  if,  by  this  means,  any  undue  advantage  be  gained  by  those  who  engage  .  in  them,  a  reactionary  loss  is  sure  to  follow.  There  are  other  and  more  im important  portant important  evils  to  be  anticipated  ;  and  some  of  these  will,  we  think,  be  evident  to  all  who  have  read  in  our  columns,  or  elsewhere,  the  account  of  the  strikes  which  have  lately  taken  place  at  Preston.  For  instance,  the  manufacturers  have  appeared  as  firmly  resolved  to  close  their  mills,  as  the  working  men,  emboldened  and  supported  by  aid  from  other  places,  are  to  persevere  in  their  demands.  In  some  cases,  the  hands  have  struck  in  consequence  of  a  mere  fractional  difference  between  the  concessions  made,.  and  the  advance  demanded.  have  says  a  London  contemporary,  an  in instance  stance instance  in  which  the  sum  of  Os.  9d.,  claimed  jointly  by  the  hands  in  one  department,  has  led  to  the  whole  of  the  operatives  in  that  mill  leaving  their  Surely  this  single  fact  is  sufficient  to  prove  that  strikes  may  be,  and  are  made,  con conducive  ducive conducive  sometimes  to  very  worthless  purposes.  Throughout  the  country  similar  movements  have  been  set  on  foot,  and  when  no  principle  is  con contended  tended contended  for—when  the  claimants  ground  their  appeal  for  higher  wages  on  the  higher  prices  of  the  necessaries  of  life,  it  is  with  something  like  astonishment  we  read  of  the  sums  subscribed  by  their  co-mates,  for  their  subsistence  while  off  work.  Surely,  so  much  valuable  time  need  not  have  been  lost—so  -  much  capital  have  been  dor dormant—so  mant—so dormant—so  much  ill-feeling  between  the  employers  and  the  employed  been  excited,  for  such  compara comparatively  tively comparatively  diminutive  results.  And  who  can  tell  where  all,  this  is  to  terminate  ?  Miners  at  Wigan  and  Bury  ;  tin-plate  workers  in  Birmingham  ;  the  dyers  in  Manchester  ;  the  shoe shoemakers  makers shoemakers  in  Somersetshire  and  Devonshire  ;  brick bricklayers,  layers, bricklayers,  carpenters,  founders,  lamplighters,  bakers,  seamstresses  and  slopworkers,  et  cetera,  in  London  ;  nay  even  the  police  in  various  districts,  are  striking,  or  contemplating  a  strike.  Now,  the  serious  matter  for  consideration  is,  who  after  all  will  be  the  parties  benefited  or  injured  ?  Such  a  movement  is  not  always  successful,  as  the  state  `of  affairs  at  Preston  exemplifies  ;  but  even  if  success successful,  ful, successful,  is  it  trustworthy  ?  Can  it  be  always  relied  on  by  those  who  now  fly  to  it  at  once  ?  We  think,  the  good  common-sense,  the  right  good  feeling  of  the  English  artizan  will  soon  decide  this  question.  He  well  knows  that  the  capitalist  is  as  dependant  on  his  industry,  as  he  is  on  the  capital  of  his  employer.  We  may  always  find  there  are  matters  to  be  discussed  and  points  of  difference  to  be  adjusted  between  them  ;  but,  we  trust  the  time  will  very  soon  come,  when  we  shall  hear  no  more  such  a  word  as  a  Strike.  WE  had  occasion  lately  to  advert,  in  common  with  our  contemporaries,  to  the  disgraceful  arrest,  and  subsequent  imprisonment,  of  Miss  CUNNING CUNNINGHAME,  HAME, CUNNINGHAME,  by  the  Tuscan  authorities;  and  we  then  expressed  a  hope  that  our  FOREIGN  SECRETARY  would  act  energetically  and  decisively  in  the  matter,  and  thereby  uphold,  not  only  the  dignity  of  the  British  CABINET,  but  likewise  that  of  the  English  nation.  We  are  now  much  gratified  to  learn,  that  Lord  CLARENDON  is  and  doing  and  that  instructions  of  a  very  summary  kind  have  been  dispatched  to  Mr.  SCARLETT,  our  Charge  d'Affitires  at  Florence,  who,  in  like  manner,  is  acting  with  considerable  zeal  in  the  matter  ;  so  that  reasonable  expectations  may  be  entertained  of  a  speedy  and  successful  issue.  We  have  neither  time  nor  inclination  to  enter  upon  the  discussion  of  the  question,  as  to  whether  Miss.  CUNNINGHAME  was  right  or  wrong  in  distributing  tracts,  and  other  religious  publications,  within  the  Tuscan  territory.  Indeed,  such  discussion  would  be  productive  of  no  tangible  benefit,  view  it  in  what  light  we  may.  We  nevertheless  contend,  that  per personal  sonal personal  liberty  should  not  be  imperiled,  much  less  forfeited,  on  such  slender,  and  even  paltry  grounds;  and  that  neither  religious  enthusiasm,  or  a  little  womanly  indiscretion,  on  the  part  of  Miss  CUN CUNNINGHAME,  NINGHAME, CUNNINGHAME,  should  have  subjected  her  to  such  de degrading  grading degrading  punishment,  and  such  a  fearful  depriva deprivation  tion deprivation  of  human  rights.  We  entirely  agree  with  Lord  CLARENDON'S  opi  nion,  that  the  act  lately  perpetrated  by  the  TUSCAN  Government,  is  contrary  to  the  spirit  of  the  age  nay,  more,  would  be  a  disgrace  to  any  age  !  And  we  think  it  our  imperative  duty,  as  directors  of  the  public  opinion,  to  offer  a  bold,  earnest,  and  con condemnatory  demnatory condemnatory  voice,  against  any  Government,  or  any  Ruler,  that  could  foster  so  iniquitous  a  principle  in  support  of  Law—and  worship  the  Demon  IN INTOLERANCE  TOLERANCE INTOLERANCE  in  the  name  of  GOD  !"
