text
"BANK  OF  ENGLAND  Ii  ISSUE  DE]  lETURNS.—Ocr.  14,  1853.  :PARTMENT.  Debit.  Notes  issued  .  £29,202,465  Credit.  GovernmentDehtXll,ols,loo  Other  Securities  .  2,984,900  Gold  Coin  Bullion  15,202,465  Silver  Bullion  .  .  Nil.  29,202,465  £29,202,465  BANKING  D:  Proprietors'  Ca Capital  pital Capital  .  .  .  .  £14,553,000  Rest  ...  .  .  3,601,119  Public  Deposits  6,857,398  Other  Deposits  11,633,687  Seven-day  and  other  Bills  IEPARTMENT.  I  Government  Se Seentities  entities Seentities  .  .  £12,339,083  Other  Securities  18,941,549  Notes  Silver  and  Gold  I STYLE=superscript  Coin  1,453,952  Total  .  .  £38,189J56  Total.  .  £38,189,156  FROM  OUR  LONDON'CORRESPONDENT.  LONDON,  FRIDAY  EVENING  We  have  no  further  .  news  relative  to  the  Eas Eastern  tern Eastern  Question,  beyond  that  which  we  received  yes  terday  ;  but  that  which  has  arrived  is  confirmatory  of  the  fact,  that  the  anticipations  of  war  is  general.  In  London,  if  there  has  been  any  change  at  all  in  sentiment,  it  has  been:  from  excitement  to  tran tranquility.  quility. tranquility.  The  people  do  not  now  seem  to  regard  the  subject  with  much  interest,  probably  from  a  profound  conviction,  that.  „diplomacy  is  yet  to  make  further  efforts  to  maintain.  peace,  and  also,  that  if  peace  is  found  impossible,  we  are,  at  all  =  points,  prepared  to  go  to  war,  Ito  make  short  work  of  it  too.  The  following  paragraph,  from  one  of  the  morn morning  ing morning  papers,  will  explain  the  state  of  feeling  in  Paris  :  The  idea  of  the  preservation  of  peace  be between  tween between  Russia  and  Turkey  is  now  completely  aban abandoned,  doned, abandoned,  even  by  the  most  sanguine  of  the  friends  of  peace,  and  the  only  hope  they  now  have  is  that  the  war  may  be  confined  to  the  East,  and  not  become  general.  According  to  the  reports  in  circulation,  the  Turkish  Government  has  de determined  termined determined  that  on  the  Danube,  its  operations  will  be  confined  to  the  defensive,  but  that  it  will  do  all  it  can  to  annoy  Russia  on  the  side  of  the  Cau 'Caucasus.'  This  will  be  in  the  shape  of  ex-.  tillery  and  ammunition.  It  is  not  at  all  unlikely  that  the  Russian  fleet  in  Sebastopol,  may  come  out  and  endeavour  to  cut  'off  these  supplies,  as  well  as  to  .punish  the  Tuik  )-Egyptian  vessels,  in  which  they  will  be  'We  may,  therefore,  look  for  actions  in  the  Black  Sea—not  for  a  general  one,  because  the  Russians  have  superior  forces,  though  their  sailors  - STYLE=superscript  are  indifferent,  and  their  ships  weak,  but  for  fights  in  detail.  These  exercises  will  occupy  the  Russian  admiral  pretty  well  'up  to  the  time  ~of  his  meeting  with  the  allied  fleets,  when  his  position  will  become  serious,  •It  'is  reported  to-day.'  that  the  .  Ministry  have  decided  upon  calling  Parliament  together,  •at  an  early  period,  probably  in  November,  should  the  present  uncertain  and  critical  state  of  things  con continue.  tinue. continue.  We  are  putting  additional  ships  into  com commission.  mission. commission.  and  the  estiindeS  have  been  already  ex  'ceeded,  owing  to  the  complications  in  the  East;  it  is  only  natural,  therefore,  that  those  who  vote  the  means  should  be  consulted  as  early  as  possible.  I  only  mention  this  as  a  current  report.  The  funds  are  keeping  up.  TURKEY  AND  RUSSIA.  The  following  intelligence  has  been  received  by  Submarine  Telegraph  :  VIENNA,  THURSDAY  E  VENING.  Despatches  have  been  received  here  to-day  from  Constantinople  to  the  6th  instant,  They  state  that  a  Turkish  courier  will  immediately  bring  the  manifesto  ivhieh  Omer  Pacha  has  been  ordered  to  send  to  Prince  Gortschakoff,  requiring  the  evacuation  of  the  Principalities  by  the  Russian  troops.  A  proclamation,  addressed  to  the  Turkish  nation,  is  to  follow  the  manifesto,  justifying  the  proceedings  of  the  Porte,  and  repeating  that  if,  fifteen  days  after  the  'receipt  of  the  manifesto,  the  Principalities  are  not_  evacuated,  hostilities  will  immediately  commence.  The  Euxine  is  not  closed,  except  to  vessels  under  the  Russian  flag.  The  Russian  consuls  and  officials  have  been  called  upon  to  leave  the  dominions  of  Turkey.  The  - STYLE=superscript  Turkish  fleet  is  to  be  stationed  at  Batt-  It  was  reported  in  Paris  on  Thursday  that  Baron  de  Eisseleff,  the  Russian  Minister  had  been  re recalled.  called. recalled.  The  Journal  des  Debats,  upon  the  authority  of  its  own  correspondents  at  .  Constantinople,  says  that  the  Ottoman  Porte  had  determined  to  resist  Russia,  though  the  Four  Poweis  should  be  opposed  to  such  an  act,  for  the  Divan  were  unanimous  upon  the  subject,  which  decision  the,  Grand  Council  sup supported  ported supported  by  160  against  3:  The  representatives  of  Austria,  Prussia,  France,  and  England  (the  latter  reluctantly),  -anxious  to  avoid  such  an  extremity,  endeavoured  to  persuade  - STYLE=superscript  the  Sultan  to  accept  the  Vienna  note,  but  without  effect.  Advices  from  Bucharest  state  that  the  Metropo  litan  was  to  give  his  blessing  to  the  flags  andto  the  troops  on  the  3d  inst.,  and  that  on  the  6th  or  the  7th  an  attack  would  probably  be  made  on  the  left  banks  of  the  Danube.  The  Three.per,  Cents.  closed  at  72f.  60c.,  and  the  Four-and-a-half  per  Cents.  at  99f.  50c.  A  despatch,  dated  ,Trieste,  Oct.  12,  has  been  re received,  ceived, received,  by  which  the  neivs  of  publication  of  an  Imperial  Hata  by  the  Sultan,  approving  the  decla declaration  ration declaration  of  war,  is  confirmed.  A  new  levy  of  150,000  men  is  ordered.  The  Russian  functionaries  still  remaining  in.  Turkey  had  been  called  upon  to  take  their  de departure.  parture. departure.  The  declaration  of  war  leaves  the  navigation  of  the  Black  Sea  open  to  neutral  flags.  According  to  the  last  accounts  from  the  Danube,  large  masses  of  Russian  troops  are  marching  up  the  •  river.  The  Turkish  manifesto  relative  to  the  evacuation  of  the  Principalities  was  dated  the  sth,  and  on  the  same  day  the  orders  which  we  have  before  alluded  to  were  sent.  to  Omer  Pacha."
