text
"MR.  THACKERAYS  NB  !V  SERIAL  to  see  Mr.  Pendennis  !  HIVe  are  al al'M  'M al'M  ytiti  trt  tint  Alla&amp;  dr  condition  ;  but,  never  more  so  than  at  present.  True,  thy  is  sometimes  withering,  and  as  for  what  Mr.  Carlyle  calls  the  of  life,  thy  poignant  sarcasm  pierces  them  to  the  quick.  Still  for  all  that  we  liko  thee  much  v  and  cannot  afford  to  plan  i•O  With  thy  ge:iiilit;-  - STYLE=superscript  -1  •  In  all  thy  ITmours,  whether  gravy  or  mellow  .•  Thou'rt  such  a  touchy,  testy,  pleasant  fellow,  Host  so  much  wit  and  mirth  and  splecit  about  thee,  There  is  no  living  with  thee  or  without  thee  It  was,  quite..  enough  for  the  famed.  Author  of  Fah'tii  arliloiiiied  iia  iiiteiltl  ii  df  figdin  making  his  entrée  into  our  family  circles,  to  excite  expectancy,  and  produce  palpitating  hearts,  —  especially  amongst  the  fairer  portion  of  his  acquain acquaintances:  tances: acquaintances:  And  Ad*  thrtt  ltti  hai  a  n,de  his  ,appcar4nce,  ft  rivalry  will  at  once  be  created  as  t  o  who  him  the  most  marked  attentions,  heap  the  most  compliments  on  his  head  ;  and  go  the  nearest  towards  him  with  kindness  So  en enviable  viable enviable  is  the  life  of  a  Ropular.author  !  •  'The  stmy  beOns  with  86111.01thlg  arelorsion  Of  the  fabit  hf  pFootbus  a  strange  and  grotesque  -conference—very  unlike  that  lately,  held  at  Vienna—consisting  of  a  a  great  big  a  wolf,  cunningly  dressed  up  in.  sheep's  an  and  •  a  donkey  in  a  lion's  sumo  of  which  are  dis  turbed  from  their  gratre  deliberations;  and  01  either  dispersed;  shit,  or  dribri  ail=  y-,  'a,  Sukesgion  of  what  FNi'd  1111'.  Pciniennis  not  only  anticipates  the  critic,  but  poSitively  snatches  the  cat-o'-nine-tails&#34;  out  of  his'hands,  with  which  he  heartily,  yet  pleasantly,  belabours  him.  For  ourselves,  we  feel  half  inclined  to  relinquish  our  pr  i  ofessioni  .  owing  ,  to  the  Indi  g  nity  to  wlAich  bf  Graft  lids  beeiiiSilb beeiiiSilbjected.  jected. beeiiiSilbjected.  Let  the  good  reader,  -mark  the  cutting  severity  of  the  castigation  :  What  a  farrago  of  old  fables  is  this  !  What  dressing dressingup  up dressingup  in  old  clothes  !'  says  the  the  critic.  (I  think  I  see  such  an  one  Sol?men  thtt!sitliti3ttd  ttlent  (Wet  us  authors  and  chops  - STYLE=superscript  up  our  childreir.)  'As.sttre  as  I  4iiijiist  and  'wise;  modeit  ?  learned;  Mid  its  surer  sonie  . STYLE=superscript  thuit  very  likejliiS  ihhiSt)iiid  &amp;Witt  jackasses  and  f4.e§  Wore.  nit  wolf  in  sheep's  clothing  ?-7--dO  I  not  know  him  ?  That  fox  discoursing  with  the  crow  ?--liave  I  not  previously  heard  of  him  ?  Yes;  iii  Lakoritaing'.i  Mies  i  li  let  us  get  th  e  Dictionv  ropt3  and  the  Biographic  TJniverselle  i  aftiCle  LafOntame,  and  confound  the  impostor.&#34;'  Then  in  What  a  contemptuous  way,'  may  Solomon  go  On  to  rethark,  'May  this  arithai'  speak  of  MIMI'  Madre  !  There  scarcely  One  of  theie  Cluiraderi  a  iepreSeiliOnt  is  The  a  flatterer;  the  frog  is  fill  embleitt  or  impotence  and  envy;  the  wolf  in  sheep's  -clothing  a  blood:  thirsty  hypocrite,  wearing  the  garb  of  Jitiaomico  thy  in  the  lion's  skin;  quack  - STYLE=superscript  trying  to  terriy,  4  ,itAstitiiii!O  tfe  loges  toe  writer,  writhing  ad'  merited  castigation,  mean  to  sneer  at  c  r  iti  cs  i  n  this  character?  We  laugh  at  the  impertinent  comparison);  the  ox,  a  stupid  common-place—the  only  innocent  being  in  the  writer's  (stolen)  apologue  is  a  fool,—the  idiotic  lamb  who  does  not  know  his  own  mother  !'  And  then  the  critic,  if  in  a  virtuous  mood,  may  indulge  in  some.  fine  writing  .  regard  , STYLE=superscript  in'  the  holy  beauteousness  of  maternal  affection.  why  not  ?  If  authors  sneer,  it  is  the  c  r  iti  c  '  s  b  us  i  ness  to  sneer  at  them  for  sne  er  i  ng  .  lie  must  pretend  to  be  their  superiour,  or  who  would  care  about  his  opinion  ?  And  his  livelihood  is  to  find  fault.  Besides  he  is  right  sometimes;  and  the  stories  he  reads,  and  the  characters  drawn  in  them  are  old  sure  enough.  What  stories  are  new  ?  All  types  of  all  characters'  march  through  all  fabl  es  :  t  rem  bl  ers  an  d  boasters  ;  victim  s  an  d  b  u  lli`cs;  dupes  and  knaves  •  long longcared  cared longcared  Neddies,  g  i  v  i  ng  th  emse  l  ves  canine  airs  ?  iartuffes  wearing  virtuous  clothing;,  lovers  and  their  trials,  their  blindness,  their  folly  and  constancy.  With  the  very  first  page  of  the  h  uman  s  t  ory  d  o  not  love  and.  lies  too  begin  ?  So  the  tales  were  told  ages  hefure  *The  Newcomer;  Memoirs  of  a  most  Respectable  Family.  Edited  by  Arthur  Pendennis,  F.sq..  Illustrated  by  Richard  Doyle.  No.  I,  London  :  Bradbury  and  Evans.  _  .  lions'  manes  roared  in  Hebrew;  and  sly  foxes  flattered  Etrusmn;  and  wolves  in  sheep's,  clothing  gnashed  their  teeth  in  SanScrit,  no  doubt.  The  sun  shines  to-day  as  he  did  when  he  first  began  shining  ;  .and  the  birds  'in  the  tree  Overhead  .  ,  while  I  am  writing,  sing  very  much  the  same  note  they  mot  ever  since  there  were  finches.  Nay,  since  last  he  besought  gOOd-mtifufed  friends  to  listen  once  a  month  to  his  talking.  a  friend  of  the  Writer  lids  Melt  the  New  World,  and  found  die  (featherless)  birds  there  4iet,'edingly  like  their  brethren  of  Europe.  There  may  be  nothing  iteiV  under  and  including  the  sun  ;  but  it  looks  fresh  every  morn morning,  ing, morning,  and  we  rise  with  it  to  toil,  hope,  scheme,  laugh,  struggle,  long-suffer,  until  the  night  comes  and  quiet.'  And  then  ;take  'Morrow  and  the  eyes  that  look  on  it  ;  and  so  clic  _.a.  .  •  .  .  Then  folloliS  the  morale  of  his  fibigs  and  his  story  :  &#34;'this  then;  is  to  be  a  story  may  it  pleasc?,  you,  in  which  jackdaws  will  wear  peacock's  feathers,  and  awaken  -the  just  fidittile  of  the  peacocks  ;  in  which,  while  every  justice  is  done  'to•the  peTtectli  themselves,  the  splendour  of  theii  plumage,  the  gorgeousness  of  rneff  thir,lizar  necks,  and  the  magnificence  of  their  tails,  exception  will  yet  be  taken  to  the  absurdity  of  their  ricketty  strut,  and  the  foolish  diSedfd  of  their  . STYLE=superscript  squeaking  ;  in  which  lions  in  love  will  have  their  claws  pared  by  sly  virgins  •  in  which  rogues  will  sometimes  triumph  and  honest  folks,  let  us  hope,  come  by  their  own  •  in  which  tilde  Mick  crape  and  white  favours;  which  there  will  be  tears  undeidiAngeetlowcr.i.reaths,  and  jokes  in  mourninpoaches;  in  which  there  be  dilutes  of  herbs  with  contentment  and  without,  and  lilt  - STYLE=superscript  440S  of  stafteftoxen  where  there  is  care  and  hatred—ay,  and  kindness  and  friend.  ship  too,  along  with  the  feast.  It  does  not  follow  that  all  men  are  - STYLE=superscript  honest  because  they  are  poor;  and  - STYLE=superscript  I  have  knoWa  some  who  were  friendly  and  generous,  although  they  had  plenty  of  money:  There  are  some.  great  landlords  who  do  not  grind  down  their  tenants  ;  Mee  are  actually  bishopS  who  are  not  hypocrites;  there  are  liberal  nien  Om  among  the  Whigs,  and  the  radicals  themselves,  are  not  - STYLE=superscript  all  aristor  crats  at'  heart..  Bat  .who  ever  heard  of  giving  the  Moral  before  the  Fable?  Children  are  only  led  to  accept  the  one  after  their  delectation  over  the  other  ;  let  us  take  care  lest  our  readers  skip  both;  and  so  let  us  bringthem  -on  quickly— quicklymir  mir quicklymir  wolves  dud  lanihS,  oar  foxes  and  lions,  our  roaring  don-  Ides,  our  billing  .rin=ddo'esf  vitt  motherly  partlets,  mid  And  now  for  the  gist  of  the  story:  Mr:  ThomaS  Newcome,  the  head  and  founder  of  the  family,  came  up  to  the  metropolis  out  .of  a  northern  county,  just  at  the  time  that  Washington  was  strug struggling  gling struggling  for  the  independence  of  Anierica.  He  made  his_  entrée  into  Bishopsgate-TAvoct  on  a  waggon,  (there  being  no  railroads  in  those  days,)  along  with  other  luggage  in  the  shape  of  some  few  bales  of  cotton,  the  alpha  and  omega  of  all  he  had  in  the  world.  He  is  then  taken  into  the  house  of  Hob Hobson  son Hobson  Brother  ;  cloth  factors  ;  and  having,  by  perse•  verance,  made  his  wdy  upwardtl,  went  back  to  his  little  obscure  village  in  the  north,  wad  min-  ied  the  first  object  of  hi  - STYLE=superscript  s  amour,  a  pretty,  portiOnless  Susan,  to  the  surprise  of  all  the  great  country  clothiers,  who,  in  consequence,  gave  him  much  of  their  business  when  he  went  back  to  London.  HiS  wife;  however,  died  in  a  _year  after  her  marriage,  giving  birth  to  a  tltilf,  Tholimi.  A  nurse  had  been  provided  for  the  child,  and  it  oittrolo  •  at  Clapham,  hard  by  the  house  of  Mr.  Hobson  partner  in  the  firm  of  that  - STYLE=superscript  name,  - STYLE=superscript  where  dwelt  this  rich  daughter,  heiress.besides  to  a  wealthy  uncle.  And  the  elder  ThomaS  being  a  passable,  fresh-coloured  widower,  soon  fotind  fitt  , STYLE=superscript  cur  in  the  eyes  of  the  serious  chapel chapelgoing  going chapelgoing  Sophia  Alethea!  •  Her  piouS  hangers  on,  the  Revereild  ()Moon  Bawls  .  and  the  Reverend  Athanasins  O'Grady,.  a  distin distinguished  guished distinguished  convert  from  Popery,  who,•  although  per perquorrelling  quorrelling perquorrelling  and  striving  with  each  other,  yet  possessed  tWO  gehtintents  in:  common—love  for  Miss  Sophia,  and  hatred  of  their  rival,  New Newcombe.  combe. Newcombe.  •  Thomas,  however,  finally  ontSttipped  them  in  the  race  of  love—and  makes  such  terrible  .  -  inroadsltittl  the  affections_  of  the  fair  Miss  Hob Hobson,  son, Hobson,  as  finally  to  *ill  anent  city  with  a  fortune  of  a  quarter  of  a  million!  Ihit  here'  Mr.  Pendennis  is  so  very  racy  that  'twould  be  un unpardonable  pardonable unpardonable  in  a  reviewer  to  pass  on  :  •  course  Mr.  Nowcome  might  have  gone  into  Parlia Parliament--tit'  ment--tit' Parliament--tit'  Mirk  before  the  close  of  his  life,  he  might  have havebeen.  been. havebeen.  made  a  Baronet;  Wit  Emht!:(l  honours  senatorial  or  blood  red  hands.  'lt  would  not  do,'  with  his  ppod  sense  he  said,  the  Quaker  connexion  wouldn't  like  it:  its  Wife  never  cared  about  being  called  Lady  Newsome.  To  manage  the  gfeat  house  of  Hobson  Brothers,  and  Newcome  ;  to  attend  td  the  interests  of  the  enslaved  Negro  ;  to  awaken  the  benighted  Hottentot  td  ii  Stiict  , STYLE=superscript  ,  of  truth,  to  convert  Jews,  Turks,  -Infidels,  and  Papists;  to  arouse  the  indifferent  and  often  .  blasphemous  mariner  ;  to  guide  the  ift..,ther ift..,therwoman  woman ift..,therwoman  in  the  right  way  ;  to  head  all  the  public  charities  of  her  sect,  and  de  a  thousand  of  secret  kindnesses  that  helm  knew,  of  j  to  answer  myriads  of  letters,  and  pen pension  sion pension  endless  minister's;  tine.  supply  their  teeming  wives  with  continuous  baby-linen  ;  to  hear  prdiatt's  doily  bawling  for  hours,  and  listen  untired  on  her  knees  after  tt  brig  day's.  labour,  while  florid  rhapsodists  belaboured  cushions  above  her  with  wearisome  benedictions  ;  all  these  things  had  this  *ihsiin  fe  tlOLapd  for  near  four-score  years  site  fought  her  fight  womanfillly;  but  deserving  to  rule.;  hard,  but  doing  her  duty.;  severe,  but  charitable,  and  untiring  in  generosity  as.  in  labour;  .unforgiving  in  one  instance,  ill  that  of  her  husbands  eldest  son,  Thomas  Newsome  ;  the  little  boy  she  liad  loved  very  sternly,  and  Merin  two  years  after  the  had  been  won,  the  edttage  itt  Clapham  became  associated  with  an  extraordinary  event.  Wood  Mrs.  New Newcome,  come, Newcome,  .in  other  words,  gave  birth  to  Nttrlittle  cherubs  she  being  then  just,  three-and-forty  years  of  agel  Of  course  this  was  an  occurrence  nide.  odtifyinti  to  Mr.  Newcome,  junior,  partner  in  the  firm  of  Hobsdif  and  Coq  who  had  the  twins  christened  Hobson  and.  Brian  INeitcomei  after  their  uncle  and  grandfather..  Mrs.  Newcaitie  - STYLE=superscript  0  - STYLE=superscript  fts  manager  in  Threadneedle-street  ;  and  so  important  had  De  Ptitiornei  that  when  the  clerical  gentlemen  prayed,  they  importilli&amp;l  Heaven  for  that  sainted  woman  a  long  time  before  they  thotiglit  of  asking  asking  any  favours  for  her  husband.  The  gtit=  deners  touched  their  hats—the  clerks  at  the  bank  brottg4  him  the  books—but  they  took  their  diddre  frihri  her;  not  from  him.  I  think  he  grew  weary.  of  die  prayer•iiiatings  ;  he  yawned  •  over  the  sufferings  of  - STYLE=superscript  the  negroes,  and  Whaled  the  con converted  verted converted  Jews  at  Jericho.'  After  his  father's  mat  , STYLE=superscript  nage,  Mr.  Thomas  Newcome,  jun.,  •  and  his  nurse  SUS9,IIj  had  to  give  up  their  goodwill  of  the  snug  cottage  at  Clapham,  lvheve  they  had  so  long  and  so  toilifdrt.ablV  basked  and  rioted  in  all  manner  We  eantiot  but  give  our  readers  the  artist;§  tin  Oiieteh  of  this  little  spot  of  fairy-land  and  its  inhabitants  !  paradise,  five  miles  from  the  standard  at  Cornilill  i  was  separated  from  the  outer  world  by  a  thick  hedge  of  tall  treeSj,  and  ni  ivv-eovered  porter's-gate,  ,  through  which  they  No  ;relief STYLE=superscript  1k  Wittleti  ofthe  top  of  the  Clapham  coach  could  only  get  a  t STYLE=superscript  he  -Hfhin:  It  was  a  seri serious  ous serious  paradise.  As  you  entered  at  the  gate,  giaillf  Pill  on  you  ;  and  decorum  wrapped  'you  in  a  garment  of  statth  , STYLE=superscript  The  butehei-boy  who  galloped  his  horse  and  cart  madly  0E44  the  adjoining  lanes  and  common,  whistled  wild  melo melodies  dies melodies  fetiuglit  tip  ttbominable  .  piny-house  galleries),  - STYLE=superscript  and  kilted  with  4  hdiierged  cook:140  1  oil  liming  .  that  lodge  fell  into  ail  pace;  iiiid  deliiefed  his  .3oint  and  ES  wcet wcetbrea&amp;  brea&amp; wcetbrea&amp;  silently  at  the  servant's  entfaneet  •  the  fdtts  in  the  elMs  cowed  at  morning  and  evening;  die  fiedeoCks  walked  demurely  On  the  terraces;  the  guinea  fowls  looked  M  . STYLE=superscript  ike  thote  lai  , STYLE=superscript  ovry:bir4  usually  do.  The  lodge-keeper  was  serious,  attl  n  MA  nt  tr  neigh  outing  cha chapel.  pel. chapel.  The  pastors  who  entered  at  that  gate,  ii;E  g.feeted  his  &amp;irately  wife  and  children,  fed  the  little  lambkins  with  filet,  The  lietidtgardener  *as  a  Scotch  Calvinist,  after  the  strid stride-A  e-A stride-A  ctrilY  Aentlyilig  himself  with  the  melons  and  pines  proViSionally,  and  ttii  te  eild  or  the  world,  which  event  lie  conld  ,  provc  by  infallible  calculations,  td  tome  off  in  two  three  years  at  farthest;  Wherefore  he  asked  dbcrJLl  did  tkitlei  brew  kid  )  *  •  416  to  be  drunk  three  years  hen&amp;  ;  or  the  housekeeper  (a  tilll6l  4 STYLE=superscript  ief  of  Joanna  Soul:Mite);  make  provisions  of  fine  linen,  .and  lay  up  stofetv:  sains  ?  On  a  Sunday  (which  good  old  Saxon  word  was  scarcely  11ttost4iii  at  the  Hermitage),  the  household  marched  away  in  separate  couples  or  groups  to  at  least  half  a  dozen  of  religious  edifices,  each  to  sit  under  his  or  her.  favourite  minister,  the  only  man  who  went  to  church  being  Thomas  Newcome,  accompanied  by  Tommy,  his  little  son  and  Sarah,  his  nurse,  who  was  I  believe  also  his  aunt,  or  at  least  his  mother's  first  cousin.  Tommy  was  taught  hymns  very  soon  after  he  could  speak,  appropriate  to  his  tender  age,  pointing  out  to  him  the  inevi inevitable  table inevitable  fate  of  wicked  children,  and  giving  him  ,the,  earliest  possible  warning  and  description  of  the  punishment  of  little  sinners.  He  repeated  these  poems  to  his  step-mother  after  dinner,  before  a  great,  shining  mahogany  table,  covered  with  grapes,  pine-apples,  plum-cake,  port-wiue,  and  Ma Madeira,  deira, Madeira,  and  surrounded  by  stout  mea  in  black,  with  baggy  white  neckcloths,  who  took  the  little  man  between  their  kneei  ,  and  questioned  him  as  to  his  right  understanding  of,  the  place  whither  naughty  boys  were  bound.  They  patted  his  head  with  their  fat  hands  if  he.said  well,  or  rebuked  him  if  he  was  bold  as  he  often  'a  Little.  Tommy  grew  up  rather  wildly,  as  boys'  unfortunately,  sometimes  will.  Indeed  he  gave  scrapes.  When  the  Reverend  Mr.  Chu  bury  College,  his  daily  tutor,  to  learn,  he  would  only  utter  ha  and  catechism  ;  notwithstandn  twins  given  neiliter  to  spare  the  rod  no):  child.  So  upon  the  birth  of  the  twins  irritated  his  tutor  and  shooliec  mOther.  h  0  rey  Friars  is  to  the  public  school  of  To  Grey  Friars  11,  ...Newcor  0  ye  gods!  with  11-1.  tlfe  and  the  time  Caine  when  I  dt  : STYLE=superscript  awn  at  sight,  With  a  ich  next  day  ;  piapr  football,  accordir  , STYLE=superscript  n,  avid  he  bad  r  s  116'  )  rh;  but  he  was  at  ewcom  trielg  aid  breaking  win  li'dklier's  peaches  And  the  I  leis  two-  little  , STYLE=superscript  brollierm-  in  tb"
