text
"COUNTY  COURT  Vmmorr  v.  'W  modeller,  was  etn  i  iiklyed  by  the  plasterer,  to  model  some  rustic  plii  bard-street,  Islington,  the  property  Was  about  altering.  He  was  to  he  foot,  but  the  models  were  to  be  take  and  also  fixed  up  by  him.  When  did  defendant  took  them  away,  ani  Stamper,  who  vas  the  architect  of  the  manner  in  which  they  were  pla  hat  Mr  go  up  to  the  buildi  Plaintiff  went  up,  and  having  inspc  the  defendant,  that  the  plinths  had  and  that  they  would  have  to  be  take  Swajnwright,  another  arehitel  that  if  the  Lombard-street  side  o  corner  one;  - STYLE=superscript  ere  .  Nlled  down  and  on  the  defend  iii  applying  to  down,  reedne  - STYLE=superscript  c't  you  ninst  Va:v  ine  fox  thing  to  do  with  it;  I  have  n  you  want  m  Le  to  pull  'film?!  flown,  admit  agreed,  but  s'  0 STYLE=superscript  the  plaintiff  again,  and  said  that  11  2 STYLE=superscript  the  Islington  side  of  the  house  sh  o  and  requested  the  o  oordingly  pulled  d  1 STYLE=superscript  :1,  the  p  laintiff  to  _  is  of  the  work  was  construction  of  the  plinths  air  labour,  to  £2  19s:  6d,  in  all  the  sum  paid  on  account,  t  be  £ll  ls,  6d.,  the  sum  peared  for  the  plaintiff,  wh(  'oath  to  the  facts  set  foi-tb  in  tl  who  was  unrepresented  by  cc  was  in  the  work  done  by  the  worth,  an  architect,  and  Mr.  Call  who  deposed  to  the  plinths  not  Is,  Oct  per  foot,  the  foi:Mer  meal  feet,  4  inches,  Mr.  ltamplin  w  the  we  cases  in  which  he  felt  1  recourse  to,  and  ties  to  have  appealed  to  ness,  and  that  the  work  amounted  on:  n  to  st  value  claimed  the  differ  remaindel  ace  between  the  M‘Boy  v.  LANG---The  plairiti  Captain  of  one  of  th  was  broug  ht  to  rc(  sold  to,  and  bound  for,  the  defen  prised  the  People's  Gallery  of  En  parts,  the,  cost  of  bindin7,  same  in  in  45  shilling  parts,  I  each  .  ;  20  parts  of  Scripture  Hi:  Scripture  Natural  at  being  sworn,  deposed  that  C  4  the  &#34;People's  Gallery  of  Enos  Lang  who  ordered  V STYLE=superscript  the  othc  ions  for  the  ex  cant,  Mr.  Martir  ,tood  that  it  would  not  come'to  mo  c STYLE=superscript  i  o  the  books  ordered  by  Mrs.  La  q,  Captain  Lang  - STYLE=superscript  would  not  claim,  although  it  might  be  a  good  present  occasion  he  should  do  sc  countermanded  almost  immediatel]  The  plalntiff,  on  being  sworn  on  his  return  home,  sanctioned  the  and  that  the  countermand,  subseque  inasmuch  as  the  books  were  in  the  almost  ready  for  delivery.  The  bin  bound  the  &#34;People's  Gallery  of  E]  and  as  to  the  time  he  cisely  say  whether  it  was  in  last  Ma:  for  the  binding  of  each  volume  12s.  the  profit  of  the  plaintiff  in  the  tran  on  the  other  hand,  deposed  that  he  countermand  her  order  in  sufficient  withdrawn  from  the  binder,  and  tha  when  refusing  to  pay  for  the  Cale  one  sever(  suffered.  ANit  prove  the  value  of  the  binding  that  it  it  was  worth  fully  £1  the  vi  witness,  Hs.  'The  Court,  in  givin  should  allow  only  for  the  first  - STYLE=superscript  1  claimed,  as  he  conceived  16s  bindino.  -  With  i  the,Dlabatiff,  if  he  so  pleased,  to  T  an  Pro  pro  duce  the  binder,  to  show  th  before  the  countermand  wa  not  decide  as  to  the  question  Of  c  st  the  defendant  'who  appeared  f  own  accord,  advise  his  client  to  mal  I  would  suffer  him  to  act  as  he  that.  i  and  other  books  have  been  1  s  defendant.  NICHOLLS  V  JOYCE.—The  plai  glazier,  and  the  defendant  an  auctic  brought,  as  one  of  trespass,  to  reeoyE  the  defendant,  for  having  broken  in  tiff,  and  taken  therefrom  goods  and  the  former.  The  plaintiff  tenanted  at  No.  2,  Oldham-etreet,  at  a  rent  some  difference  having  arisen  bete  T.EIO  d  the  rent  was  to  be  paid  quarterly  (  broke  into  the  rooms,  and  can  mechanical  tools  and  other  properl  peared  for  the  defendant,  suggested  other  actions  pending  in  this  matter,  next  October,  one  a  g  ainst  the  plaint  against  the  defendant  for  an  illegal  d  to  arrange  amicably  the  present  so  further  proceedings.  The  court  CO  and  recommended  Mr.  Griott,  who  consider  the  suggestion.  Accordin,  tation  between  the  professional  ge  , STYLE=superscript  case,  it  was  agreed  that  the  present  drawn,  and  all  further  proceedings  t  undertaking  to  return  to  the  plair  forgive  him  the  rent  due,  and  to  Dal  ntlemen  Two  or  three  other  cas  I  no  feature  of  pu  came  I  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TII  Is  Pithdished  every  Morning  in  LIVERPOOL  and  ➢I.  simultaneously,  and  the  following  are  the  rates  and  TERMS  OF  SUBSCRIPTIOIs  IN  LIVERPOOL  I  OUT  OF  I  On  Credit  In  advance.  Term  for  4  0  0  Half  year  '1  18  0  Quarter  1  to  3  lines  4  or  5  lines"
