text
"EARLY  CLOSING  TO  THE  EDITOR  OE  THE  NORTlEfilrli  DAILY  TI  ~i  SlB—You  are  doing  gopd  servi  in  -reeuiting  pahliPttA,  tention  to,  the  long  neglected  and  niost'formi4e.p.sul.qc  .21F.  Early  Closing,  as  you  have  don  .  )44.otir  papvf  the  41!  instant.  AtTi  4  1,ii.i.,-,----  -,  That  the  system  of.  late  hours  t  -  s-  ?  ~  .1  1  /  socially,  pohtically—aye,  and  rel  :  -  11  -1  :  •,,,  .  think,  been  long  ago  proved.  The  nitgcrOle  pnopa,.  Tv.  that  system  has  been  sustained,:  he  , STYLE=superscript  e'  Md.  ep  c  i  oilip  ly  knocked  from  under  it,  by  arguments-Uteini,Lebnthi  ng.,-  and  accepted  .by  the  world  ;  and  .so  much  has  the  sub subject  ject subject  been  sifted,  examined,  and  laid  before  society  ;  that  it  appears,  neither  voice  nor  pen  can  have  anything  new  to.  say  in  the  matter.  All  that  they  can  hope  is  to  revive  old  ar argu.ments,  gu.ments, argu.ments,  and  remind  the  public  of  its  duty  and  its  pledge,  (made  years  ago  in  our  Music  Hall,  and  signed  by  thousands  of  respectable  householders)  'to  di  - STYLE=superscript  scountehance  this  perni pernicious  cious pernicious  system.  •  '  '  I  cannot  abagree  with  you,•  Mr.  Editor,  that  the  efforts  to  procure  the  earlier  closing  of  our  shops  have  proved,  in  the  main,  a  melancholy  Observe  the  hours  of  closing  shops  now,  as  compared  with  tl  some  four  or  five  years  ago,  and  you  will  fine_  ---  far  as  the  leading  streets  are  concerned—a  very  considerable  .e  good  rule,  and  that  too.in  shops  which  would.lcad  one  to  believe  that  ,gressive  civilization  themselves,  of  their  class—  baneful  in  their  baneful  influence  on  other  forcing  by  their  nosed  neighbours  f  young  m  )  labour  in  shops  may  all  be  evening's  leisure,  which  almost  all  other  classes  aruenjoying  with  benefit  to  themselves  and;  advantage  to  society.  •  At  present,  I  will  not  trespass  further  on  your  .  space,  but  I  shall  watch  the  progress  of  events,  and  hereafter  throw  in  my  mead  of  praise.  or  blame  as  the  case  may.  demand.  I  am,  sir,  yours  respectfully,  ,  A  LOOKER-ON.  10th  October,  1853  TURNING  OF  THE  FIRST  SOD  OF  THE  EUROPEAN  AND  NORTH  AMERICAN  RAILWAY.  This  railway,  which  is  in  the  first  instance  to  connect  St:  John's,  New  Brunstick,  with  the  whole  of  the  railway  sys system  tem system  of  the  United  States  and  of  Canada,  and  is  eventually  to  be  carried  on  to  Halifax,  being  a  link  in  the  great  scheme  of  a  connection  from  Nova  Scotia  to  Lake  Huron,  had  its  first  great  celebration  on  Wednesday,  the  14th  ult.  Nearly  40,000  persons  were  present.  About  one  o'clock  his  Excel Excellency  lency Excellency  Sir  Edmund  Head,  the  Lieutenant  Governor,  and  suite,  arrived  on  the  ground,  - STYLE=superscript  and  were  received  with  the  usual  honours.  Isis  Excellency  was  accompanied  by  Commodore  She:brick,  of  the  United•  States  Navy,  and  other  officers  of  the  frigate  Princeton,  which  had  come  expressly  to  St.  John  i STYLE=superscript  s  for  the  occasion  ;  also  by  Mr.  William  Jackson,  M.P.,  and  Mr.  E.  L  . STYLE=superscript  .  Betts,  of  London..  The  address  presented  to:the  Governor  by  the  directors  having  alluded  to  the  national  character  of  the  work  in  which  they  were  engaged,.  preeed:  ed  to  state  .  .  It  will  fDrm  a  link  in  the  mighty  chain  which  is  `to  bind  Great  Britain  more  closely  to  her  colonies,  and  perpetuate  the  feelings  of  amity  with  the  great  public  of  the  Western  World.  The  thousands  - STYLE=superscript  who  crowd  the  hills  around  us,  the  deep  enthusiasm  pervading  every  class,  the  exulting  feelings  of  hope  and  pride  which  animate  every  face,  proclaim  to  all  that  results  are  anticipated  from  this  , STYLE=superscript  work,  Which  language  is  powerless  to  convey.  From,  Lake  Huron  to  the  Atlantic  the  course  for  the  iron.  horseis  laid,  and  the  wealth  whi  c  h  i  s  t  o  ena  bl  e  ourse  l  ves  an  d  our  children  to  develope  the  rich  resources  of  onr  province,  and  to  spread  civilisation  through  our  broad  lands,  comes  from,  the  home  of  our  fathers.  Our  ships  now  hold  a  proud  position  in  the  mercantile  marine  of  England,  and  may  vie  with  the  fore foremost  most foremost  specimens  of  naval  architecture  the  world  has  hitherto  produced  ;  our  agricultural  capabilities  arc  daily,  becoming  more  apparent,  and  when  by  means  of  that  great  work,  the  commencement  of  which  we  have  now  met  to  celebrate  our  facilities  of  intercourse  shall  have  been  incre  ase  d,  an  d  the  tide  of  emigration  directed  ;to  our  shores,  we  may  safely  assure  to  the  industrious  emigrant  a  home  which  will  leave  him  no  cause  to  regret  the  laid  of  his  nativity.  the  attainment  of  railways,  the  legislatures  of  Canada,  Nova  Scotia,  and  New  Brunswick  have  wisely  paised  most  important  measures,  which,  preserving  un unfettered  fettered unfettered  their  revenues,  and  without  burthening  their  people,  have  neverthelesi  induced  the  eminent  capitalists  of  Eng England  land England  to,make  these  provinces  the  field  of  their  great  railway  N  •  -  The  address  being  suitably  responded  to,  and  &amp;prayer  given  by  the  Rev.  Dr.  Grey,  the  rector  of  Trinity  Church,  Lady  Head  turned  the  first  sod,  and  deposited  it'  in  an  elaborately  prepared  barrow,  amid  the  enthusiastic  shouts  of  the  immense;  surrounding  multitude,  and  a  salvo  of.  70  gods  fired  by  a  troop  of  Royal  Artillery.  His  Excellency  de deposited  posited deposited  the  second  sod,  and  the  third  was  removed  by  Com Commodore  modore Commodore  Shubrick,  and  the  others  by  the  Mayor  of  St.  John's  and  the  officials  of  the  Company.  When'  the  barrow  was  fall,  his  Excellency  rolled  it  - STYLE=superscript  along  the  plat platform,  form, platform,  and  «  dumped  amid  cheers  such  as  were  never  In  the  evenine.there  was  .a  lent  p(  W.  Row  S.  Ashw"
