text
"MONE,TAAY  AND  COMMERCIAL  LIVERPOOL,  Wednesday  Evening  The  intelligence  received  from  London,  is  more  satisfactory  than  it  has  been  for  some  time.  A  Con Considerable  siderable Considerable  reaction  took]  place  both  in  the  English  and  Foreign  market.  As  affairs  stand  at  present,  little  reliance  can  be  placed  on  the  reports  we  hear.  As  the  experience  of  the  last  month  amply  testi testifies.  fies. testifies.  The  Marlborough,  from  Sidney,  reported  late  yesterday,  brings  70,000  ounces  of  gold  on  freight:  There  are  other  vessels  reported  from  the  same  quarter,  but  their  names  and  freights  are  not  yet  known;  The  price  of  gold  in  Paris  appears  id  be  0..08  per  Cent  dearer  than  in  London,  the  premiums  bBitig,  per  Millet.;  and  the  exchange  at  short  25:07.  Ham Hamburg  burg Hamburg  letters  of  the  24th  inst.  quote  the  price  there  at  426,  and  the  exchange  at  shcirt  13-2,  which  make  the  price  of  Gold  1.52  per  cent.  dearer  than  in  London.  The  exchange  at  New  York  on  the  17th  inst.,  for  bills  on  London  at  60  days'  sight,  was  about  1092  7  ,  and  the  par  of  exchange  between  England  'and  America  being  109  23-4(5,  it  follows  that  the  exchange  is  0.33  per  cent.  against  Eng.  freitt  which  two  niOnths  ; STYLE=superscript  interest  must  be  de deducted,  ducted, deducted,  By  the  Overland  Mail  we  litttri3  commercial  ad advices  vices advices  from  Bombay  to  August  29,  Calcutta,  August  19,  and  Canton;  August  3.  The  Bombay  Money  market  was  ih  a  healthy  state.  Money  was  abun abundant  dant abundant  for  all  legitimate  purposefjo  The  Bank  had  reduced  the  rate  of  interest  1  per  cent.  fibrer  but  , STYLE=superscript  lion  wa's  in  demand  for  China.  The  crops  are  fiv  vOurably  spoken  of.  A  good  deal  of  business  had  been  done  during  the  last  month,  and  prices  gene generally  rally generally  had  risen  ;  but  the  price  of  piece  goods  and  yarns  was  scarcely  reinunerative,  and  that  of  metals  still  tinder  the  cost  for  which  they  could  be  landed.  The  rates  of  exchange  quoted.  are-2s:  1  5  7  16  d,  for  first-class  credits;  and  2s.  1  3-Bd.  for  document  bills  at  six  months'  sight.  On  China  bills  at  60  days'  sight  on  China,  had  risen  to  Rs.  247  to  250  per  100  dollars,  and  even  at  that  were  not  easily  had,  On  Calcutta,  bills,.  at  GO  days'  sight  are  quoted  at  Rs.  99  to  99k.  The  advices  frefil  Canton  state  that  nothing  had  been  done  in  imports  during  the  last  two  months,  except  for  local  consumption  and  on  speculation,  iii  consequence  of  the  low  prices.  The  commercial  information  brong,ht  by  the  Indiana  from  the  Cape  has  not  come  to  hand.  The  colony  is  said  to  be  quiet  and  prosperous:  By  the  Marlborough  we  are  in  receipt  of  advices  from  Melbourne  to  2nd  July.  We  extract  .from  Messrs.  Wallin  and  Son's  Circular  the  following  information  :  Our  fast  adviceS,  per  Shanghai,  reported  inac inactive  tive inactive  markets,  which  State  of  affairs,  we  regret  to  say,  has  been  followed  up  by  a  setions  decline  iu  almost  every  article  of  commerce;  the  reasons  for  this,  which  we  expressed  in  our  last,  still  exist  in  an  aggravated  degree  ;  with  the  addition  of  im immensely  mensely immensely  crowded  imports.  These  depressing  causes  being  all  of  a  transitory  nature,  their  effect  will  also  be  temporary  ;  and  on  the  opening  of  the  roads  to  the  interior  we'  look  for  a  brisk  demand  and  remuMirative  prices,  The  unprecedented  re receipts  ceipts receipts  of  American  flour  have  caused  a  rush  of  sellers,  and  sales  have  been  ftade  at  rates  so  irregular  that  we  can  scarcely  give  a  quotation  one  large  parcel  has  been  taken  at  19s.  per  barrel  for  shipment  to  England  ;  sound,  sweet  flour  is  comparatively  scarce,  and  for  such  there  is  a  steady  demand  for  immediate  consumption  :  heavy  oats  continue  in  request;  light  sorts  dull,  at  8s:  per  bushel  :  large  speculative  purchases  of  oatmeal  have  been  made  at  2d,  per  lb.:  bran  much  wanted  Carolina  rice  scarce—Aracan  has  been  sold  as  low  as  4s.  6d:  per  cwt::  provisions  have  shared  the  general  stagnation;  Honans'  but butter  ter butter  has  been  sold  at  2s.  ;  American,  ls.  9d.  bacon,  hams,  and  cheese  quiet  for  the  present  ;  pork  for  ships'  use  saleable  ;  lard  is  never  asked  for  but  in  small  quantities  for  chemists'  use  :  malt  liquors  —  porter  and  ale  are  worth  14s,  and  12s.  per  dozen  respectively  :  wines  and  spirits—claret  and  cham champagne  pagne champagne  are  out  of  season;  and  consequently  dull;  port  in  bottle  more  inquired  for;  sherry  qiiiet  ;  brandy  firin  i  at  quotations  ;  case  whiskey,  labelled  and  capsuled,  is  Worth  349.  per  dozen,  and  rather  saleable  :  bricks  are  worth  A:18  per  1000  ;  arrivals  of  lumber  are  eagerly  watched  for,  and  bought  with  avidity  :  general  produce;  boots  and  shoes  of  heavy  make,  are  worth  75  per  cent.  on  invoice;  candles  wanted  ;  soap  steady  ;  square  twist  tobacco  there  is  a  ready  sale  at  our  quotations  :  cavendish  is  not  worth  more  .  than  10d.  ;  tarred  and  Manilla  cordage  still  required  ;  naval  stores  saleable  ;  sugars  scarce  :  gold  dust  remains  at  3  17s.  6d.  per  oz.  exchange  on  London—bank  drafts  at  30  days'  sight,  2  per  cent.  premium;  Lighterage  40s.  per  ton,  and  upwards  ;  storeage,  4s.  per  ton  per  week.'  The  adverse  rates  of  the  Foreign  Exchanges  for  some  time  past,  have  excited  much  uneasiness  at  home  and  abroad.  The  change  that  has  taken  place  in  the  value  of  gold  itself,  and  the  relative  values  of  gold  and  silver  in  foreign  markets,  cannot  be  attributed  to  the  causes  which  have  hitherto  produced  fluctuations  in  the  exchanges,  The  extraordinary  increase  in  the  production  of  gold,  has  led  to  a  marked  change  within  the  limits  of  this  empire.  Formerly  our  colonies,  more  particularly  those  of  Australia,  were  dependent  on  England  for  supplies  of  both  manufactures,  and  metallic  money  or  bullion;  and,  consequently,  the  current  value  of  both  was  measured  by  our  standard  of  value,  or  what  is  better  known  as  the  Mint  price  for  17s.  102  d.  the  ounce.  Since,  however,  they  and  the  United  States  have  become  gold  producers,  that  metal  has  been  treated  simply  as  a  commodity,  leaving  its  value  to  be  decided  by  the  demand  in  other  countries.  In  all  gold-producing  countries,  the  value  of  the  precious  metals  was  previously  regulated  by  the  cost  of  its  production,  and  must  have  continued  so;  but  from  the  discovery  of  large  surface  deposits,  gold  can  now  be  produced  at  a  nominal  value,  as  compared  with  any  other  period  in•  our  history.  The  difference  between  the  nominal  value,  and  the  actual  price  of  gold  in  our  market,  is  the  profit  of  the  producer.  Now,  if  we  assume  the  cost  of  pro production  duction production  to  be  10s.  the  ounce,  (which  would  be  amply  remunerative,  seeing  the  little  labour  ex expended  pended expended  in  its  production),  it  would  be  quite  impos impossible  sible impossible  to  ascertain  the  actual  rate  of  exchange  between  any  two  countries  on  the  principle  hitherto  employed,  i.  e.  the  sovereign  or  pound  in  account  being  a  fixed  and  unvariable  quantity  of  gold  at  17s.  10-411.  the  ounce.,  the  real  value  of  gold  in  the  English  market  being  only  17s.  9d.  the  ounce.  The  employment  of  our  Mint  price  in  calculating  the  rates  of  exchange,  must  therefore  be  both  erroneous  and  dangerous.  If,  for  example,  in  converting  Foreign  corn  into  British,  we  were  to  base  our  calculation  on  the  Mint  price  of  £3  17s.  102  d.  an  ounce,  we  should  have  the  differ difference  ence difference  between  the  Mint  price  and  the  market  price,  of  £3  17s.  9d.  for  or  against  us.  Again  the  value  we  give  to  Foreign  monies  is  based  on  our  mint  price  for  gold,  and  not  on  the  actual  market  price  of  the  day  ;  from  which  it  would  appear  that  the  fixed  and  invariable  of  gold  in  the  sovereign,  has  led  to  a  belief  that  the  invariable  quantity  implies  a  fixed  and  invaraible  price  for  the  gold  of  which  it  is  composed  This  is  the  error  into  which  those  who  prepare  the  cur current  rent current  return  of  exchanges  appear  to  have  fallen,  but  we  cannot  conceive  anything  more  dangerous  to  the  Monetary  and  Commercial  Interests,  than  the  publication  of  the  foreign  Exchange  returns,  which  are  based  on  such  erroneous  data.  THE  EASTERN  QUESTION-A  requisition  to  the  Mayor  of  Leicester  is  in  course  of  signature  in  that  town,  requesting  him  to  convene  a  public  meeting  of  the  inhabi inhabitants  tants inhabitants  to  express  their  feeling  upon  the  Eastern  question.  PEACE  CONFERENCE  AT  EDINBURGH.—The  pre preparations  parations preparations  for  this  conference  are  proceeding..  Richard  Cob Cobden,  den, Cobden,  M.P.,  John  Bright,  M.P.,  Edward  Miall,  M.P.,  George  Wilson,  Esq.,  of  Manchester,  and  other  influential  individuals,  have  signified  their  intention  of  being  present.  COTTON  FROM  INDIA.—Mr.  William  Rathb  one,  of  Liverpool,  has  received  instructions  from  the  Hon.  East  India  Company,  to  forward  to  Mr.  Hugh  Fleming,  the  Soeretary  to  the  Manchester  Commercial  Association,  to  be  disposed  of  by  him  in  Manchester,  650  bales  of  cotton  from  the  Dharwar  collectorate,  received  from  Bombay,  per  the  Dundonald.  PROPOSED  METROPOLITAN  MANIFESTATION  IN  SUP SUPPORT  PORT SUPPORT  OF  TURKEY.-At  a  meeting  of  friends  to  the  inde independence  pendence independence  of  Turkey,  held  at  Anderten's  Hotel,  Fleet-street,  yesterday  evening,  Mr.  J.  A.  Nicholay  in  the  chair,  the  following  resolution  was  unanimously  adopted  That  a  metropolitan  aggregate  meeting,  for  the  purpose  of  eliciting  an  expression  of  public  opinion  with  regard  to  the  Russian  invasion  of  Turkey,  and  the  duty  of  this  country  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  thereof,  be  holden  on  the  earliest  possible  day;  and  that  a  sub-committee  be  appointed  to  forward  the  necessary  arrangements,  and  to  report  to  a,  general  meeting  of  the  committee  on  Saturday  evening,  October  The  sub subcommittee  committee subcommittee  having  been  appointed,  the  meeting  adjourned  until  Saturday  evening,  at  the  above-mentioned  place."
