text
"MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL.  LIVERPOOL,  SUNDAY  By  the  arrival  of  the  steamers  Otinda,,at  Cork,  and  Great  iVestern  at  Southampton,  we  have  received  advices  from  Rio  Janeiro  to  the  Ist,  Buenos  Ayres  the  2nd,  Monte  Video  the  sth,  Bahia  the  19th,  land  Pernambuco  to  the  22nd  ult.  The  Brazilian  Chamber  of  Representatives  had  under  its  consideration  the  drafts  of  a  law  involving  important  modifications  in  the  tariff.  The  measure  provides  that  the  duties  of  35.40  and  50  per  cent.  shall  be  reduced  to  25  as  the  maximum,  whilst  the  absolute  prohibition  of  from  Si)  to  90  articles  of  home  production  is  to  be  en entirely  tirely entirely  abolished.  No  doubt  was  entertained,  but  that  this  important  free  trade  movement  would  be  accomplished,  and  the  Buenes  Ayres  British  Pac Packet  ket Packet  thus  speculates  upon  the  result  :  Some  mem members  bers members  appear  afraid  of  cutting  too  deep,  especially  as  regards  protection  to  local  manufactures  and  products.  Instead  of  one  sweeping  stride  from  35  to  15,  a  few  would  prefer  dividing  the  distance,  and  making  a  temporary  halt  at  25,  and  amongst  these  the  Minister  of  Finance,  ou  the  double  score  of  revenue  in  the  mean  time,  and  a  considerate  de deterence  terence deterence  to  vested  interests.  With  its  present  compromises  and  encumbrances,  and  the  total  want  of  anything  deserving  the  name  of  a  general  system  of  finance,  the  question  of  revenue  is  a  grave  and  stubborn  matter  of  fact  to  which  theoretic  predilections  must  give  way  for  a  time;  products  of  art  or  industry,  we  hold,  on  the  authority  of  very  recent  experience,  and  on  a  grand  scale,  to  be  more  specious  than  real.  The  aboli abolition  tion abolition  of  the  corn  laws  in  England,  did  not  over overwhelm  whelm overwhelm  the  landed  or  agricultural  interest,  as  many  anticipated,  and  confidently  predicted  ;  on  the  contrary,  landed  property  has  risen  in  value,  arid  agriculture  made  gigantic  strides  since  that  period.  Subsequently  the  very  same  results  have  ensued  with  respect  to  the  shipping  interest,  despite  the  sweeping  reform  of  the  navigation  laws.  We  quote  these  cases  to  tranquillise  parties  who  may  fancy  their  interests  menaced  by  the  pending  measures.  When  the  first  panic  has  subsided,  they  will  get  on  we  dare  say  equally  well,  perhaps  better,  under  a  general  system  of  freedom  arid  wholesome  corn  petition,  than  under  the  hollow  and  often  fallacious  system  of  protection.  On  the  score  of  revenue,  therefore,  we  would  counsel  the  acceptance  of  25,  as  an  instalment,  or  the  least  of  two  evils;  but  with  the  express  understanding,  that  these  protec-  tive  duties  must  eventually  be  reduced  to  15,  or  even  a  lower  figure.  This  principle  should  be  d'stinctly  recorded  in  the  present  law,  as  a  timely  premonition  to  individuals,  to  make  the  necessary  The  overland  mail  supplies  three  days  later  news  from  Australia  than  that  received  by  the  Victoria,  the  dates  from  Melbourne  being  to  the  27th,  and  from  Adelaide  to  the  30th  September.  At  the  for former  mer former  port,  the  price  of  gold  had  declined  on  the  closing  of  the  business  for  the  Victoria,  but  a  demand  having  sprung  up  for  :  shipment  by  the  Shanghae,  which  could  not  be  supplied  ;  it  was  last  quoted  at  765.  6d.  Labour  of  every  descrip  tion  was  still  scarce  The  private  advices  by  the  West  India  mail  are,  upon  the  whole,  of  a  favourable  character.  At  Jamaica,  during  the  previous  fortnight,  the  business  had  been  rather  restricted  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  the  high  prices  generally  demanded.  The  House  of  Assembly  have  abandoned  their  in intention  tention intention  in  respect  to  the  excise  on  spirits,  alluded  to  in  previous  advices.  From  returns  furnished  to  the  House  of  Assembly  by  the  officers  of  the  cus customs  toms customs  it  would  appear  that  the  amount  of  duties,  rated  and  ad  val.,  which  would  have  been  paid  on  goods  imported  into  the  island  generally  from  Ist  May  to  10th  October  of  the  present  year,  had  the  Import  Duty  Bill  been  in  operation,  was  £136,545  13  0  10,817  10  2"
