text
"INDIA  AND  CHINA.  We  have  already  published  a  communication  in  4 STYLE=superscript  2  1 STYLE=superscript  ticip1tion  of  the  Overland  Mail.  The  following  a STYLE=superscript  re  the  details  INDIA  A  bi-monthly  communication  is  to  be  established  forthwith  between  Rangoon  and  Calcutta  , STYLE=superscript  by  the STYLE=superscript  steame  rs  Tenasserim,  Sesostris,  and  Fire  Queen.  The  Shah  of  Persia  is  reported  to  ha  ve STYLE=superscript  left STYLE=superscript  Teherancannon,  with  30.000  cavalry,  and  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  000 STYLE=superscript  piec  es STYLE=superscript  of STYLE=superscript  v  aonon,  and  3,000  camels  loaded  with  ammuni ammuni-4°ll, STYLE=superscript  -4°ll, ammuni-4°ll,  to  operate  against  Turkey  in  co  ncert STYLE=superscript  with STYLE=superscript  assia.  The  G  ov  ernor-General  was  still  at  Calcutta,  and  S STYLE=superscript  ir  ,;,  William  Gomm  was  at  Delhi  on  the STYLE=superscript  18th STYLE=superscript  •of STYLE=superscript  November.  T•  he  following  summary  is  extracted  from  the  ijotnbay  Times  of  Nov.  28  :  During  the  past  fortnight  matters  have  remained  •  statu  quo  at  Burmah.  The  Governor-General  4 STYLE=superscript  48  announced  the  intention  of  the STYLE=superscript  g  overnment STYLE=superscript  `  0 STYLE=superscript  maintain  henceforth  a  bi-monthly  steam  corn cornkurxication  kurxication cornkurxication  between  Rangoon  and  Calcutta,  and  of  course  the  seaports  en  route.  The  vessels  to  be  employed  are  the  Tenasserim,  the  Fire  Queen  and  the  Sesostris,  and  the  communication  is  to  be  main maintained  tained maintained  throughout  all  seasons  of  the  year.  The  establishment  of  a  regular  communication  between  Caldutta  and  the  Eastern  shores  of  the  Bay  of  Ben Bengal  gal Bengal  cannot  fail  to  be  highly  beneficial  in  a  commer commercial  cial commercial  point  of  view.  From  our  north-west  frontier  we  learn  that  a  force,  consisting  of  a  light  field  battery,  two  coin-  Aanies  of  sappers,  her  Majesty's  22nd  regiment,  the  20th  Native  Infantry,  the  66th  Ghoorkas,  and  the  7th  Irregular  Cavalry,  the  whole  under  the  command  of  Lieutenant-Colonel  Cotton,  of  her  Majesty's  22nd  Foot,  marched  from  Peshawur  on  the  9th  inst.  towards  the  Kohat  pass,  in  order  to  try  what  effect  the  demonstration  will  have  on  the  Afreedes,  in  inducing  them  to  permit  us  to  build  a  fort  near  Muttne  eu. STYLE=superscript  The STYLE=superscript  brigade  is  to  be  so  disposed  that  it  will  blockade  the  pass  while  the  fort  is  building,  the  site  for  Which  has  been  selected  at  Bazeed  Kheed,  a  locality  six  miles  to  the  southward  of,  or  nearer  to,  the  mouth  of  the  pass  than  Muttunee.  It  i  s  expected  that  some  skirmishing  will  take  place,  in  which  case  the  Afreedes  will  learn  a  lesson  in  the  most  effectual  manner  an  Afreede  can  be  taught.  Nothing  whatever  has  transpired  relative  to  the  causes  which  led  to  Colonel  Mackeson's  Murder.  It  is  said  that  the  Shah  of  Persia  has  left  Te Teheran  heran Teheran  with  his  army.  Great  anxiety  regarding  thi  s  movement  had  been  felt  in  Persia,  and  by  the  latest  accounts  the  royal  army  was  seen  passing  Tabriz.  Some  fears  were  also  entertained  for  the  safety  of  his  majesty's  person.  The  Shah  has  dis dispatched  patched dispatched  an  envoy  to  Cabul  on  a  mission  to  Dost  Mahomed,  prefaced,  it  is  said,  by  a  declaration,  pointing  out  the  benefits  which  will  accrue  to  both  parties  from  friendship  and  unity.  No  doubts  are  entertained  but  that  this  mission  has  reference  to  the  course  to  be  pursued  by  the  Dost  in  the  event  of  war  between  Russia  and  Turkey.  We  mention mentioned  ed mentioned  in  a  former  summary  that  a  Russian  army  had  marched  en  route  to  Khiva.  We  now  hear  of  its  arrival  at  that  place,  having  first  stormed  the  for fortress  tress fortress  of  Ahmetzee.  .The  affairs  of  Bahawulpoor  are  represented  as  getting  from  bad  to  worse,  the  Khan  not  only  de decling  cling decling  to  liberate  the  Minister,  Shaw  Newaz-ood Newaz-ooddeen,  deen, Newaz-ooddeen,  as  recommended  by  our  government,  but  marking  his  animosity  towards  us  by  rejoicing  at  our  misfortunes.  The  governor-general  is  still  at  Calcutta,  but  it  is  expected  he  will  shortly  visit  Pegue.  Should  there  be  war,  his  lordship  will,  of  course,  remain  at  Calcutta.  His  excellency,  Sir  W.  Gomm,  was  at  Delhi  on  the  18th  inst.,  but  has  proceeded  towards  Meerut.  The  only  other  item  of  intelligence  we  have  to  record  is  the  appoint appointof  of appointof  Viscount  Melville,  K.C,8.,  to  command  the  Sir Sirbind  bind Sirbind  division,  in  the  room  of  the  late  General  Godwin,  C.B.  •  We  learn  that  serious  discontent  has  been  en engendered  gendered engendered  among  the  men  of  the  Nizam's  con contingent  tingent contingent  at  Hyderabad,  owing  to  the  means  resorted  to  reduce  its  numerical  strength  by  transferring  those  whose  services  are  no  longer  required,  to  Pegue.  It  is  four  painful  duty  to  announce  that  some something  thing something  very  like  a  famine  prevails  in  all  the  northern  districts  of  the  Madras  presidency,  owing  to  the  'vant  of  rain,  the  monsoon  having  almost  confined  itself  entirely  to  the  southern  coast.  It  is  stated  that  the  export  of  grain  from  the  northern  ports  had  almost  entirely  ceased.  In  Cuddapah  rice  had  risen  more  than  100  per  cent.,  and  in  many  places  •  stringent  ameliorative  measures  are  enforced  by  the  collectors.  Lord  Falkland  is  expected  to  return  to  Bom Bombay  bay Bombay  during  the  commencement  of  next  month,  and  leaves  India,  it  is  understood,  early  in  January.  The  intelligence  of  the  restoration  of  Colonel  Outram  to  the  appointment  of  resident  at  Baroda,  which  is  confirmed  by  Calcutta  papers  just  received  has  given,  we  may  say,  universal  satisfaction  ;  but  ._he  has  yet  to  war  against  corrupt  intrigue.  An  investigation  in  now  in  progress  to  ascertain  through  what  post-office  medium  it  has  occurred  that  a  document  connected  with  the  affairs  of  Barado  had  been  abstracted  by  the  friends  of  the  Guicowar,  on  its  way  to  the  governor-general  Lord  •  Falkland:  We  have  just  now  among  us  the  Rajah  of  Dhar,  Who  has  been  lionizing  it  through  Bombay  for  the  - STYLE=superscript  Past  ten  or  twelve  days,  visiting  most  of  our  public  institutions.  The  Hon.  Company'  s STYLE=superscript  new STYLE=superscript  corvette,  the  Falkland,  was  launched  with  the  customary  honors  on  the  16th  instant.  This  corvette  is  to  carry  12  guns,  and  measures  108  feet  9  inches  between  the  perpen perpendiculars  diculars perpendiculars  ;  length  all  over,  133  feet  9  inches  ;  breadth  moulded,  31  feet  6  inches  ;  breadth  extreme,  32  feet  4  inches;  depth  in  hold,  14  feet;  burthen,  in  tons  (old  measurement),  494 STYLE=superscript  59-91ths.  She  has  been  commissioned  as  a  second•cla  ss STYLE=superscript  sloop,  a  nd  the  command  of  her  has  been  given  to  Commander  Ste Stephens.  phens. Stephens.  As  we  anticipated,  the  Ajdaha  has  been  found  rotten  fore  and  aft  ;  she  is  to  be  dismantled,  and  her  rigging,  &amp;c.,  returned  into  store.  Cholera  in  Bombay  is  on  the  decrease  ;  it  has  made  its  appearance  among  the  men  of  the  4th  re regiment  giment regiment  of  Native  Infantry,  who  are  on  their  march  to  Poonah,  but  not  to  an  alarming  extent;  the  total  number  of  cases  reported  as  having  occurred  on  our  island  during  the  past  fifteen  days  amounts  to  but  166.  The  money-market  is  quiet,  and  trade  is  not  very  brisk.  CHINA  The.  following  is  from  a  letter  dated  Hongkong  November  11  :  tember  ma  The  steamer  with  the  24th  of  Se  pi  keeps  out.  There  has  been  an  i  ncrease STYLE=superscript  of STYLE=superscript  sickness STYLE=superscript  in STYLE=superscript  the STYLE=superscript  garrison,  but  nothing  of  a STYLE=superscript  severe STYLE=superscript  nature  ;  otherwise  the  colony  is  healthy.  From  Shanghai  our  dates STYLE=superscript  are STYLE=superscript  to STYLE=superscript  the  2d  inst.,  per  Lady  ill  ary  Wood.  There  is  no  new  feature  to  report  in  the  pro-'  ceedings  of  the  Imperial  and  insurgent  troops.  Constant  fighting  is  going  on,  With  little  result  on  either  side.  The  losses  of  the  Imperialists  have  been  considerable,  while  the  insurgents  have  suf suffered  fered suffered  little,  which  gives  them  confidence.  The  Im Imperialists  perialists Imperialists  have  received  large  reinforcements,  and  were  estimated,  of  all  kinds,  at  about  14,000,  and.  the  foreign  vessels  hith  erto STYLE=superscript  employed  at  Chin Chinkiang-foo  kiang-foo Chinkiang-foo  have  come  down  to  assist.  The  fleet  of  junks,  which  passed  throagh  here  on  the  13th  of  September,  ordered  by  the  Taoutae,  we  learn,  was  seen  close  to  Woosung,  and  unless  the  insurgents  re  ceive  assistance  ftom  Nankin,  it  is  doubtful  if  they  will  be  able  to  hold  the  city  for  any  length  of  time  against  such  a  force.  The  ex-Taoutae  Samqua  seems  to  be  in  difficulty  from  want  of  money,  and  has  been  unwarrantably  exposing  himself  in  the  foreign  settlement,  enter entering  ing entering  with  200  armed  followers  , STYLE=superscript  a  nd STYLE=superscript  attempting  to  force  himself  upon  Her  Britannic  Majesty'  Con Consul  sul Consul  without  due  notice,  but  was  obliged  to  with withdraw.  draw. withdraw.  The  proceedings  of  his  Excellency  the  American  Commissioner  and  the  American  Vice-Consul,  as  regards  neutrality,  are  considered  somewhat  equi equivocal,  vocal, equivocal,  and  the  rebel  chief  has  addres  sed STYLE=superscript  a  letter  on  the  subject.  The  payment  of  the  duties  during  the  capture  of  Shanghai,  and  the  present  collection  of  them,  are  being  agitated  by  the  foreign  authorities  and  Imperial  Government,  and  causing  some  excite  went,  as  appears  in  the  North  China  Herald.  The  latest  news  from  the  north  received  at  Shanghai,  contained  in  the  Pekin  Gazette  of  the  3rd  October,  mention  the  safe  arrival  at  Teen-sten  of  the  800,000  peculs  of  rice  from  Chekiang  pro province.  vince. province.  The  Mongols  in  the  park  at  Pekin  consist"
