text
"IRELAND,  (rnom  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.).  DUBLIN',  TUESDAY!  THE  DARGAN  TESTIMONIAL.—The  doubts  hinted  at  la,  my  letter  of  y  e  st  e  rd  a  y,  i  n  re  f  erence  t  o  th  e  j  u  di  c  i  ousn  ess  0 STYLE=superscript  establishing  an  Industrial  College,  to  memorialize  gr.  DAROAN'S  name,  have  received  some  confirmation  from  n,  paragraph  in  to-day'  s  D  a  ily  E  x  press.  If  what  is  stated  therein,  mean  anything,  it  signifies,  that  the  committee  ar  e STYLE=superscript  already  at  sea,  as  to  the  details  of  a  project,  hailed  with  k  o  much  applause  at  first.  The  apathy  of  the  public,  also,  11 STYLE=superscript  in  part,  ascribed  to  their  want  of  knowledge  of  the  description,  objects,  and  of  the  proposed  Institute;  and,  altogether,  it  is  to  be  feared,  that  if  the  matter  be  not  looked  to  in  time,  it  will  fail,  through  that,  spirit  of  impracticability  which  so  often  has  been  complained  of  in  Ireland.  ANOTHER  SUICIDE.—A  man  named  Warboys,  a  working  chemist,  in  the  employment  of  Messrs.  Figgis  and  Oldhaillt  committed  suicide  yesterday,  by  hanging  himself.  It  peared,  in  evidence,  that  the  deceased  was,  for  some  dale  previous  to  his  death,  in  very  depressed  spi  r  it  s  ,  an  d  that  he  was  in  the  habit  of  taking  quantities  of  o  pi  um  .  Verdicts  ic  temporary  STORM  IN  THE  NORTH.—Accounts  have  been  received  of  a  violent  storm,  which  spread  itself  over  maul  parts  of  the  north  on  Sunday.  In  the  counties  of  Monaghan  and  Cavan,  considerable  damage  was  done;  and,  in  Belfast,  some  of  the  vessels  in  the  harbour  were  injured;  and  the  standing  crops  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  town,  have  been  lodged  to  such  an  extent  as  to  cause  alarm  amongst  the  farmers.  THE  VICEREGAL  COURT.—The  Lord  Lieutenant  and  the  Countess  of  St  Germains  departed  for  Limerick  yesterday  ist  twelve  o'clock,  by  special  train,  on  the  Great  Southern  and  Western  Railway.  His  Excellency  was  accompanied  by  the  Chief  Secretary,  Lady  Young,  Lord  Earnest  Bruce,  gr.  Corry  Connellan,  Mr.  Alcock,  M.P.,  Col.  Doyle,  Major  Begot,  and  Mr.  Hutchings.  On  his'arrival  at  Limerick,  a  pro  Fer  sion  was  formed,  which  proceeded  through  the  pnnepal,  streets.  Subsequently,  several  public  addresses  were  receive?  and  answered  by  his  Lordship.  He  will  remain,  during  WI  stay,  on  a  visitlwith  Lord  Clarina,  MYSTERIOUS  CIRCUMSTANCE.—FOILE  young  men,  named  respectively  Stott,  Tricken,  Parson  and  Jones,  were  yester  day  brought  before  Mr.  Bourke,  at  College-street  Police Policeoffice,  office, Policeoffice,  on  suspicion  of  being  concerned  in  the  death  of  a  car  man  named  Naugle.  It  appeared  that  the  deceased  had  bee!'  engaged  by  the  prisoners  to  drive  them  to  Poula  Phouca,  in  the  county  Wicklow,  on  Friday  last,  which  he  did,  and  on  his  return,  he  was  found  to  be  in  a  dying  state,  secured  on  ontl,  side  of  the  car  with  a  hay  rope  round  hi  s  b  o  dy.  He  expire('  without  being  able  to  make  any  statement.  The  prisoner'  have  been  admitted  to  bail,  to  appear  on  Wednesday  for  the  further  hearing  of  the  case.  It  is  stated  that  while  the  parties  were  at  lunch  after  their  arrival  at  Luggerlaw,  the  deceased  left  them,  and  that  when  they  found  him,  after  $  0 STYLE=superscript  hour's  search,  he  was  lying  on  his  face  on  the  ground  insert'  sible  ;  they  had  him  placed  on  his  car  in  the  way  described  by  one  of  the  witnesses,  and  brought  him  home.  When  lii'  spector  Walpole  proceeded  to  bring  them  before  Mr.  Stronger  th  expressed  great  surprise  at  hearing  the  man  was  dead.  LAPEL  -STREET  POLICE  OFFICE—MRS.  KELLY'S  CASE  Yesterday  was  appointed  for  the  further  hearing  of  the  es'  traordinary  conspiracy  case,  the  facts  of  which  we  have  already  mentioned  ;  but  before  going  into  it  Mr.  J.  I)  , STYLE=superscript  Fitzgerald,  Q.C.  applied  to  the  Court  to  receive  informations  against  Mrs.  Kelly  for  perjury,  grounded  on  the  affidavit,  the  original  of  which  was  refused  by  the  Lord  Chancellor  on  Saturday.  The  learned  counsel  contended  that  an  at'  tested  copy  would  be  sufficient  on  which  to  found  a  corn'  mittal.  The  presiding  magistrate,  however,  after  a  fei(  words  from  Mrs.  Kelly's  counsel  (Mr.  Armstrong),  refused  the  application.  The  conspiracy  case  was  then  proceeded  with,  hilt  after  a  little  preliminary  discussion,  was  further  adjourned  till  Monday  next.  ELECTION  NEWS  :—The  coming  contest  at  Lisburn  ex.  cites  considerable  interest.  The  two  candidates  are  of  the  same  name,  viz  :  —Jonathan  Richardson,  and  in  the  voting  will  be  distinguished  by  their  residences.  One  is  a  Tory,  the  other  a  Liberal,  and  the  fight,  it  is  thought,  will  be  $  very  hard  one.  The  Tory  'influence  is  very  strong,  but  the  Liberal  candidate  is  personally  much  liked  in  the  town,  and  on  the  whole,  it  will  perhaps  be  more  like  a  personal  con.  test  than  anything  else.  Mr.  W.  H.  Gregory,  the  defeated,  of  Dungarvon,  has  addressed  a  letter  to  the  constituency  of  that  Borough,  in  which  he  intimates  his  intention,  strenuously,  to  pursue  his  petition  against  Me.  Maguire,  of  the  success  of  which  he  is  very  stir  guine.  Another  petition,  about  which  there  is  still  some  die  mission  abroad,  is  that  of  Mr.  Somers  against  Mr.  John  Sad'  leir,  for  Sligo.  The  marshalling  of  witnesses,  and  their  guardianship  is  still  going  on,  and  it  is  generally  thought  that  Somers,  who  has  in  many  former  petitions  been  systr,  matically  successful,  will  once  more  have  his  former  goo°  fortune.  Meanwhile,  most  other  constituencies,  especiallir  the  ones,  are  busily  engaged  in  prepairing  bar  for  their  representatives.  That  to  Mr.  Duffy,  0  0 STYLE=superscript  Tuesday,  is  to  be  followed  by  another  on  Thursday,  at  Long'  ford,  to  Messrs.  Fox  and  Greville.  Heaven  knows  how  maul  more  will  follow  at  Mayo,  Wexford,  Meath,  &amp;c.,  and  the  i  v STYLE=superscript  a  l STYLE=superscript  tehsV  i STYLE=superscript  tPg  romArisul7;:lonnatthir  fif  l STYLE=superscript  th  fe STYLE=superscript  ol  i STYLE=superscript  O  a STYLE=superscript  c  i STYLE=superscript  tOlie  a STYLE=superscript  r.  MILITARY  MANCEUVRINO  IN  DUBLIN.—SOIRe  quid  n  unc'  here  augur,  I  know  not  what,  touching  the'  Eastern  Question,  from  the  mode  in  which  the  good  people,  in  one,  neighbourhood  or  another,  are  continually  started  out  or,  their  wits  by  the  booming  of  cannon  and  the  rolling  of  musketry.  There  is  not  a  day  passes  without  something  of  the  kind.  Now  it  is  a  field  day  in  Phcenix  Park  ;  again  the  old  houses  about  Irishtown  are  endangered  by  artillery  prac'  tieing  from  Sandymaunt  Island. STYLE=superscript  Sometimes  the  Pigeon  House  is  attacked,  and  in  return  creates  a  small  earthquake  with  its  heavy  metal.  Now  stray  blue  jackets  are  seen  per'  forming  strange  evolutions  on  the  tops  of  the  Martell°  Towers,  and  to  sum  up  the  whole,  a  warlike  yacht,  or  revenue  cruiser,  frequently  throws  in  a  little  amicable  peppering'  All  this  evinces  a  laudable  desire  to  improve  our  national  defences,  and  would  indeed  be  exceedingly  pleasant  if  subur  ban  residents  had  no  ears  to  be  rendered  useless  for  less  inv  pressive  sounds."
