text
"POLICE  COURT.-YESTERDAY  (BEFORE  MR.  HEYWOOD.)  BURGLARY  AND  ROBBERY.—A  fellow  described  by  the  police  under  the  comprehensive  term  of  regular  whose  name  appeared  on  the  sheet  as,  William  ,Clarke,  was  charged  with  having  broken  into  the  shop  of  Mr.  Thomas  Allison,  flour  dealer,  Scotland-road,  and  stolen  a  sack,  some  other  tkings,  and  £3  lOs  in  cash.  From  the  evidence  of  officer  Hargraves,  352,  an  d  it'  appeaied  that  they  watched  the  prisoner  for  about  three  hours,  and  at  last  saw  him  raise  up  the  grid  leading  to  the  shop,  which  he  thus  entered.  Some  time  after  ho  came  out,  when  he  was  seized,  and  the  money  and  'other  property  were  found  on  his  'person.  A  pOrtion  being  identified  by  the  prosecutor,  the  prisoner  was  sent  for  trial.  CAUTION  TO  LODGING•HOUSE  KBEFERS.—MIII.  Flood  who  keeps  a  shop  in  Scotland-road,  charged  a  young  woman  named  Margaret  Coleman,  with  having  stolen  a  shawl  and  pair  of  boots.  The  prisoner  went  to  look  after  some  lodgings  in:the  house  of  the  prosecutor,  and  whilst  there  she  managed  to  take  the  articles,  which  were  afterwards  found  in  her  pos possession.  session. possession.  There  was  another  charge  of  a  similar  nature  pre preferred  ferred preferred  against  the  prisoner,  and  she  was  remanded.  STRALING  COPPER.—A  young  man,  named  John  Latham,  who  stood  upwards  of  six  feet  four  inches  h  . STYLE=superscript  gli,  nas  charged  by  officer  695,  who  said  be  saw  him  steal  a  'quantity  of  copper  off  a  cart,  and  try  to  conceal  it  in  another  cart,  of  which  he  was  the  driver.  Mr.  Muck  appeared  for  the  prisoner,  and  attempted  to  show  that  the  prisoner  was  only  taking  care  of  the  metal.  He  was  fined  ten  shillings  for  not  accounting  for  its  possession.  STREKT  ROBBERY.—A  young  woman  very  well  dresssed,  and  interesting  looking,  named  Anne  Wilson,  and  a  young  man  named  James  Jackson,  rather  ,  fashionably  dressed,  were  brought  up  by  officer  163  on  a  charge  of  having  robbed  a  man  named  John  Wilson.  The  ;prosecutor  resides  in  Prescott.  road,  and  on  Saturday  evening  last  was  robbed  of  a  £2O  note  and  two  half-sovereigns.  The  officer  said  he'  arrested  the  prisoner  in  a  beer  house  in  Christian  street,  from  information  he  had  received,  and  on  the  prisoner  Jackson  he  found  7  sovereigns  and  some  silver,  and  on  the  female  he  found  some  Bor  9  shillings.  In  reply  to  Mr.  Block,  who  was  for  the  prisoners,  the  officer  said  he  knew  nothing  about  it,  but  from  what  he  has  heard,  and  from  having  arrested  them  on  the  charge.  John  Wilson  said,  on  Saturday  night  he  was  on  his  way  home,  and  passing  through  Moorfields,  when  the  female  prisoner  accosted  him  ;  he  pushed  her  away  with  his  umbrella.  but  she  continued  to  follow  him  until  he  had  just  reached  home.  caught  him  by  the  breast,  and  then  he  again  shoved  her  off  ,  and  went  into  his  own  dwelling,  and  im  me  di  a  t  e  ly  missed  his  pocket  book  containing  the  money.  He  then  gave  the  police  information.  Officers  Scaife  and  Bolton  (702)  gave  evidence  to  the  effect  that  the  prisoners  were  corr.rades,  and  well  known  theives.  They  (the  police)  had  ascertained  that  the  note  in  question  had  been  changed  soon  after  it  was  stolen,  at  Mr.  Pentony's  shoe  warehouse,  Commutation-row,  where  boots  had  been  purchased,  and  the  prosecutor  had  seen  and  identified  the  note.  Mr.  Pentony  was  not  able  to  come  forward  that  day,  and  the  prisoners  were  in  consequence  remanded.  Henry  Bernard,  who  bad  been  remanded  on  a  charge  of  stealing  paper  from  Mr.  Thompson,  of  Pitt-street,  was  brought  up  and  discharged,  as  Mr.  Block,  for  the  defence,  showed  some  business  transactions  between  the  parties.  (BEFORE  MESSRS.  LAURENCE  AND  HEYWOOD  )  ASSAULTS.—Mary  Lenville  summoned  Rose  Humphries  with  having  stabbed  her  in  the  forehead,  and  Rose  Humphries  summoned  Mary  Lenville  with  having  stabbed  her  in  the  e)e  Mr.  Campbell  appeared  for  Humphries.  The  parties  reside  off  Duke-street,  and  had  a  falling  out  about  some  money  matters,  when  they  assaulted  each  other.  They  were  fined  51.  each.  (BEFORE  MR.  MANSFIELD.)  A  MAN  or  MANY  TRADP.S.—Mary  Connolly  was  charged  for  having  woefully,  and  of  her  malice  'prepense,&#34;  annoyed  a  decent  looking  person,  named  M'Carthy,  who  said  be  was  a  toffeeman,  a  peppermint  lozenge  maker,  a  seller  of  milk,  and  a  vendor  of  newspapers  !  The  ease  rrented  much  merriment  in  court.  The  arcadian  eloquence  of  the  com complainant,  plainant, complainant,  whilst  detailing  the  wrongs  ho  had  all  for  nothing  at  all,  at  the  defendant,  whom  he  called  Lady  in  consequence,  as  ho  stated,  of  her  propensity  to  some  liquid  called  was  the  finest  thing  that  could  be  imagined.  He  talked  learnedly  nietamorfiss  and  other  things  of  a  like  nature,  and  whet  recounting  the  wrongs  that  the  wife  of  his  bosom  had  endured  from  the  fair  delinquent  in  the  dock,  the  poor  man  rubbed  hie  eyes  most  furiously  and  seemed  deeply  ejected,  which  had  an  opposite  eject  on  all  present,  who  screamed  again  with  laughter  at  the  attempt  he  made  to  shed  tears.  At  last  he  wound  up  a  speech  of  nearly  half  an  hour's  duration,  by  stating  that  the  defendant  had  promised  to  his  humble  dwelling,  and  if  she  carried  that  threat  into  execution  it  would  compel  him  to  take  a  house  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Abercrombie-square.  This  caused  a  tempest  of  laughter,  but  the  complainant  did  not  seem  to  understand  the  fun  he  had  created.  After  a  side-splitting  scene  the  defendant,  on  her  word  •f  honour  not  to  annoy  the  any  more,  was  hers,  named  Charlea,  and  Edward  Redmond,  were  charged  with  having  violently  assaulted  a  man  named  Miles  Reilly.  It  appeared  that  some  time  since  one  of  the  prisoners  and  the  complainant  had  a  ti,  n..  On  Saturday  night  the  prisoners  fell  on  Reilly,  and  beat  hint  severely,  breaking  his  j  ►w.  Mr.  Wall,  house-surgeon  at  the  Northern  Hospital,  stated  that  t  plainant  had  a  severe  scalp  wound,  and  had  =.  l STYLE=superscript  fractured.  110  could  no  his  jaw  was  out  of  (Inver.  ATTEMPTED  SMUGGLIN(  James  Stewart  was  fined  on  shoro  from  a  shi  river.  The  fine  was  paid.  (RNPORE  MR.  G.  HOLY.)  _  _  DARING  ROBBERY.-Three  young  fellows,  named  William  Irving,  Joseph  Reynolds,  and  John  Armstrong,  were  charged  with  having  committed  the  following  outrage,  at  lialf.past  nine  o'clock  on  Saturday  evening.  The  prisoners  were  in  custody  of  officer  Smith,  647,  and  were  described  as  carters  who  infest  the  corner  of  Murray  -street,  and  the  neighbourhood  of  the  market,  and  who  are  a  positive  terror  to  the  inhabitants  of  the  vicinity,  and  to  the  pubic  generally.  Mr.  Jones,  the  con conductor  ductor conductor  of  a  public  house,  kept  by  a  namesake,  at  the  corner  of  Marble  and  Oharles-streets,  said  at  half-past  nine  on  Saturday  night,  Mr:  Meredith  Roberts  (an  independent  gentleman,  residing  at  8,  Hope-place),  entered  the  shop  along  with  another  gentleman.  The  prisoners  followed  them  in  a  suspicious  manner,  so  that  the  witness  kept  an  eye  on  thorn.  Mr.  Roberts  witness  e  s  s  The  supplied,  prisoners  was  rather  in  drink  wi  aj  oh  th  th  e  o  ti  r  a STYLE=superscript  e  le STYLE=superscript  phed  that  the  old  g  en  tl  eman  wou  ld  raked  called  'ffoorr  payment  three  g]  as  ;  s  e  t  s  h  o  o  y  f  pay,  and  witness  asked  him  if  ho  would,  and  he  said  he  laid  not  mind,  and  at  the  same  time  took  out  his  purse  for  the  purpose  of  making  payment.  The  instant  he  did  so,  Irving  seized  him  by  the  wrist,  and  twisted  the  purse  out  of  his  hand.  Witness  collared  the  assailant  by  the  neck,  and  then  the  prisoner  Armstrong  cried  out  sling  upon  which  Irving  put  his  hand  behind  him,  and  gave  the  purse  to  Armstrong,  but  witness  seized  him  also,  and  called  for  assistance,  and  immediately  Smith,  the  officer,  camo  in  and  took  the  prisoners  into  custody.  The  purse,  which  contained  nearly  £4,  was  found  on  the  ground.  The  prisoner  Reynolds  did  not  participate  in  the  offence,  although  ho  was  present  with  the  other  prisoners.  He  was  discharged.  His  'Worship  said  he  was  determined  to  put  down  such  outrages  in  Liverpool,  and  committed  the  other  two  prisoners  for  trial.  (REFORM  MR.  CHARLES  TURNER.)  CHARGE  OF  FELONY.—A  person  of  respectable  appearance,  named  Henry  Bernard,  was  charged  with  having  stolen  a  ream  of  paper  361bs.  weight,  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Thompson,  Pitt-street.  Mr.  Block  was  for  the  prisoner,  and  asked  for  a  remand  to  this  (lay,  alleging  that  there  has  been  dealing  transactions  between  the  parties,  and  it  would  be  ascertained  that  the  charge  of  felony  was  unfounded.  The  remand  was  granted.  FONDNESS  FOR  TDB  youths,  named  George  Hailly,  and  Edward  Lamb,  were  charged  with  baring  stolen  a  Couple  of  bundles  of  cigars  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Sofien,  in  Shaw'•  Brow.  The  boys  ran  into.  the  shop  and  snatched  up  the  cigars,  with  which  they  ran  away,  .but  were  captured.  They,  with  the  utmost  coolness,  now  said  they  had  a  gre:it  fancy  for  the  weed,  and  not  having  tho  means  of  -------  satisfr•ing  the  propensity  they  were  tempted  to  steal  the  cigars.  The  young  vagabonds  were  sent  to  jail  for  a  fortnight,  with  hard  labour.  THE  ADVENTURES  OF  A  WATCH.—A  wretched  looking  old  woman  named  Bridget  Iliggings,  and  a  miserable  lad,  named  allutuas  Goon,  were  brought  up  by  Inspector  SW  I  •  .  Murphy  [on  the  charge  of  stealing  and  pledging  a  watch  belonging  to  a  sailor,  named  McNeill.  On  Tuesday  night  last  the  prosecutor  lost  his  watch,  but  could  not  tell  how  or  wt....,  a.  He  Was  very  ut  unit.  The  next  day  the  female  prisoner,  pledged  the  watch  at  Mr.  Bettnessi's,  Paradise  -street,  for  11.  A  description  of  the  watch  was  subsequently  sent  to  the  pawnbroker.,  and  then  the  Inspector  was  sent  for  by  a  young  man  at  Mr.  Bennessi's,  who  told  him  he  had  the  watch,  , STYLE=superscript  Ive  him  a  description  and  the  address  of  el.-  -  -he"
