text
"DEFACING  OF  COIN.  The  following  letter,  in  answer  to  Mr.  John  Dickson,  of  Edinburgh,  has  been  addressed  from  the  Treasury  :  Treasury  Chambers,  27th  Oct.,  1853.  Sin,—ln  reply  to  your  letter  of  the  30th  ultimo,  ad addressed  dressed addressed  to  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  on  the  subject  of  defaced  coin  and  the  act  which  was  passed  in  the  last  session  of  Parliament,  with  a  view  to  put  a  stop  to  practices  which  were  likely  soon,  if  not  prevented,  to  deface  and  injure  much  of  the  coin  of  the  country,  I  am  commanded  by  the  Lords  Commissioners  of  her  Majesty's  Treasury  to  inform  you  that  it  was  not  the  intention  of  the  Government,  in  passing  the  Act  16  and  17  Vic.,  cap.  102,  entitled,  an  act  to  prevent  the  defacing  of  the  current  coin  of  the  to  interpose  any  difficulty  in  regard  to  such  coin  as  may  have  become  defaced  by  ordinary  wear  and  use,  or  in  relation  to  persons  who,  in  the  ordinary  course  of  businesss,  pay  coins  which  are  defaced.  The  immediate  Object  of  the  Government  in  obtaining  the  act  was  to  p  u  t  a  s  t  op  t  o  th  e  prac  ti  ce  o  f  stamping  the  names  of  pers  ons  ,  fi  rms  ,  &amp;  c.,  upon  co  i  ns  ,  b  y  way  o  f  ad advertisements  vertisements advertisements  or  otherwise;  and  the  intention  of  the  Govern Government  ment Government  was  to  reach  b  y  pena  l  t  i  es  the  persons  w  h  o,  i  n  t  hi  s,  or  in  any  other  wilful  or  malicious  way,  injured  the  coin.  And  in  order  that  the  law  should  no  t  prove  vexa  ti  ous  t  o  th  ose  who  in  the  ordinary  transactions  of  business,  paid  such  coins,  and  who  were  wholly  inno  cen  t  o  f  t  h  e  offence  of  defac  i  ng  them  or  of  forcing  them  into  circulation  with  the  intention  of  promoting  the  object  of  such  offenders,  and  not  for  the  purpose  only  of  ordinary  payments,  the  law  provides  that  no  one  can  be  prosecuted  for  passing  defaced  coin  except  with  the  consent  of  the  Attorney-General.  While,  therefore,  the  Government  are  dete  rm  i  ne  d  t  o  pu  t  an  end  to  such  abuses  as  are  herein  referred  to,  and  to  use  the  act  with  vigour  to  that  end,  it  is  neither  their  wish  nor  intention  to  embarrass  or  interfere  with  the  ordinary  and  current  transactions  of  business.—l  remain,  Sir,  your  obedient  servant,  C.  TREVELYAN.  REGISTERED  ELEcroßs  (IRELAND)  1852-53.—1  t  appears  from  a  Parliamentary  paper  just  issued  that  the  number  of  electors  of  all  classes  on  the  registers  in  Ireland  for  the  year  1852-53  is  179,488—  0  f  th  ese  149,154  belongitig  to  the  county  constituencies  29,634  to  the  cities  and  boroughs.  The  county  registers  include  8,521  freeholders,  1,098  lease leaseholders,  holders, leaseholders,  638  rent  charges,  and  139,088  rated  occupiers.  The  registers  of  the  cities  and  boroughs  under  19,179  rated  oc occupiers,  cupiers, occupiers,  6,530  freemen  or  burgesses,  and  3,385  of  other  qualifications.  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES."
