text
"THE  GREAT  ONSLOW  We  yesterday  inserted  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  a  series  of  articles  and  correspondence,  extracted  from  the  Carlisle  Patriot,  in  reference  to  the  Great  Onslow  Consolidated  We  have  since  had  handed  to  us  the  following  state•  ment  by  a  body  of  Liverpool  gentlemen  of  high  standing,  who  are  now  connected  with  some  of  these  mines,  and  which  we  at  once  publish  :  The  great  Onslow  consolidated  mine  was  commenced  by  Bennett,  Carr  and  Co.,  about  four  years  since,  and  up  to  October  14,  1853,  was  exclusively  managed  by  them.  At  a  general  meeting,  held  on  the  above  date,  it  was  resolved  to  re-constitute  the  mine  into  a  less  number  of  shares,  and  to  vest  the  management  in  the  hands  of  eight  proprietors,  who  will  act  as  joint  pursers,  by  whom  all  business  will  be  trans transacted.  acted. transacted.  The  produce  from  this  mine,  since  the  commence commencement,  ment, commencement,  has  been  208  tons  of  copper  ore,  and  about  2000  tons  of  mundic,  whereas  it  is  usual  in  mines,  situated  as  thi  s  i  s  in  granite,  to  calculate  returns  will  n  o  t  be  made  for  double  the  time  this  mine  has  been  working.  In  January,  1854,  the  pursers  intend  to  issue  a  prospectus.  No  shares  are  at  present  for  sale  ;  and  if  any  proprietor  wishes  information,  any  of  the  joint  pursers  will  be  happy  to  afford  him  it.  PENQUEAN  QUARRIES.  These  quarries  formerly  belonged  exclusively  to  Bennett,  Carr,  and  Co.  ;  they  have  since  been  re-constituted  into  20,000  shares,  and  are  managed  in  a  similar  manner  to  Onslow  consols.  BISCARNE  MINES.  A  committee  baying  been  appointed  to  examine  all  cir circumstances  cumstances circumstances  connected  with  this  adventure,  it  was  resolved  by  them  to  abandon  the  sett,  and  the  proprietors  will  re receive  ceive receive  their  pro  rata  share  of  all  the  effects  belonging  to  the  mine  when  all  is  wound  up,  which  is  shortly  to  be  the  case.  PERRA.  - STYLE=superscript  N  CONSOLS.  This  mine  formerly  belonge(FtWasalom  Bennett,  also  the  freehold,  he  having  worked  the  mine  several  years  on  private  account.  It  is  now  formed  into  a  company  of  15,000  shares.  This  adventure  is  also  conducted  by  eight  proprie proprietors  tors proprietors  called  pursers  ;  and  judging  from  the  report  of  Captain  V.  Vivian,  the  prosp  .  ects  are  very  encouraging.  MOUNT'S  BAY  MINES.  This  adventure  was  commenced  about  twelve  months  ago,  and  is  divided  into  12,000  shares  ;  the  sett  is  very  extensive,  and  in  many  parts  yields  rich  ore.  The  same  principle  of  management  is  observed  in  this  establishment  as  in  the  above,  viz.,  gentlemen  chosen  by  the  proprietors,  whose  cha characters  racters characters  for  integrity  and  business  habits  are  a  sufficient  guarantee  that  their  interest  will  not  be  overlooked.  The  above  mines  arc  all  in  Cornwall,  and  governed  by  the  Stannary  Court  laws,  thereby  enabling  any  proprietor  to  re relinquish  linquish relinquish  his  shares  at  any  time,  and  claiming  his  pro  rata  share  in  money  for  all  cash  in  hand,  and  the  value  of  uten utensils  sils utensils  and  machinery  existing  on  the  mine.  These  mines  have  been  re-constituted,  and  are  all  in  good  working  order,  now  established  on  a  solid  basis  ;  and,  judg judging  ing judging  from  the  repo  r  t  s  o  f  some  o  f  th  e  most  eminent  mining  engineers,  there  is  every  reas  on  t  o  b  e  li  eve  th  at  th  ey  wi  ll  ulti ultimately  mately ultimately  become  profitable  adventures.  After  the  public  meetings  of  the  proprietors,  the  .  explana explanation  tion explanation  that  was  then  gi  ven  ,  an  d  the  various  resolutions  that  were  fully  discussed,  and  a  dopted,  we  think  that  it  is  ill-advised  for  your  correspondent  to  publish  a  string  of  lett  ers  ,  w  hi  c  h  were  put  in  the  Carlisle  Patriot  on  political  grounds  alone.  BANKRUPTCY  ANNULLED.  (From  the  London  Gazette  of  last  night).  William  Thomas  Ferris,  carpenter,  Charles-street,  Saint  Margaret's,  Westminster,  Middlesex.  BANKRUPTS.  Joseph  Rowe,  baker  Hunter-street,  Kent  R  oa  d,  S  urrey.  Joseph  Bradstret,  miller,  Pearson-street,  Kingsland  Road  and  Great  Cambridge-street,  Hackney  Road,  Middlesex.  Robert  Frederick  Cooper,  oil  and  colourman,  Three  Colt Coltstreet,  street, Coltstreet,  Limehouse;  Middlesex.  Hugh  Williams  the  younger,  tailor,  West  Smithfield,  London.  Larratt  D.  Shields,  merchant,  Lime-street,  London.  James  Woods,  miller,  West  Mill,  Buckfastleigh,  Devon.  Eliza  Lloyd,  dressmaker,  Wigmore-street,  Cavendish  Square,  London,  Thomas  Davies,  cow-keeper,  Royal  Mint-street,  Middlesex.  John  Single,  builder,  Bath-street,  East  India  Road,  Poplar,  Middlesex.  John  Hodges  and  John  Foster  Hodges,  hosiers,  New  Bond-street,  London.  The  noble  Premier,  owing  to  the  pressure  of  public  busi4  ness,  is  not  expected  to  reach  Scotland  this  year.  P3_TB00070 lO  C STYLE=superscript  '  1  A,  la  0 STYLE=superscript  )  „  61  t  i  O  P3_TB00071 ee  , STYLE=superscript  T  1  1 STYLE=superscript  )  1  0  /1 STYLE=superscript  ;  ,11`7  P3_TB00072 ae  5,  1  i,  ,re  P3_TB00073 att  cl STYLE=superscript  g  P3_TB00074 •  a  P3_TB00075 re  ji  P3_TB00076 th  e STYLE=superscript  s:  P3_TB00077 1,0"
