text
"which  he  had  left  in  the  cellar  in  Queen'  he  had  taken  from  ,the  warehouse  of  .  replied  that  he  had  not  stolen  it,  that  h  carry  it,  but  could  not  tell  by  whom  , STYLE=superscript  to  the  cellar,  and  found  the  piece  of  door,  covered  over  with  a  door  mat,  ant  it.  It  was  the  same  that  Rawson  was  carry!  placed  a  mark  upon  it  as  be  was  doing  •P'  and  the  wrapping  in  charge  of  a  constal  to  Mr.  Forshaw's  warehouse,  where  h!  He  told  Garstang  that  he  was  charged  along  with  another  man  in  stealing  from  the  warehouse  about  a  quarter  of  an  said  that  he  had  stolen  no  wrapping,  '  about  it.  Witness  then  took  him  into  Mr.  William  Ward,  clerk  in  the  empli  identified  the  wrappering  produced  (that  as  the  property  of  his  employer.  It  w.  warehouse  by  witness,  along  with  .  fif  They  were  all  safe  the  previous  m  1  They  About  one  o'clock  he  went  to  dinner,  who  was  a  packer  ip.  Afr  :  F94haW's  elppl  the  warehoyse.  On  )p4  churn  out  of  the  I,yggilato.  fie  then  etas  and  missed  that  now  produce  was  about  375.  Both  prisoners  wer'  sessions.  RO2BERY  BY  A  DOMESTIC  SERVANT,  lice  Court,  on  Saturday,  a  female  nam  , STYLE=superscript  was  charged  with  having  .  on  the  15th  o.  a  purse  containing  20s.  in  silver,  the  pro)  son.  The  prosecutrix  stated  that  she  was  a  ton,  of  Harpurhey  cottag  e  .  O  n  t  h  e  about  a  quarter  to  six,  she  was  l  oo  ki  ng  in  Oldham-street,  when  police  constal  came  up  to  her  and  asked  her  if  she  had  immediately  felt  in  her  pocket,  and  purse  and  money  in  it  were  missing.  II  afterwards,  she  saw  the  prisoner  in  custo(  had  the  purse  as  well.  The  purse  pi  tained  20s.  as  it  did  when  it  was  first  lost  Irving  Watson,  a  police  constable,  on  duty,  a  little  before  six  o'clock  on  15th,  in  Oldham-street,  he  saw  the  last  at  a  shop  window,  in  Oldham-street.  the  prisoner  had  picked  the  pocket  of  fill  up  to  her,  and  ascertained  that  she  had  1(  the  prisoner,  and  took  her  into  custody,  money  in  her  possession.  The  prisoner,  was  committed  to  priso)  with  hard  labour.  ROBBERY  IN  SMITRFIED  MARKET— MARKETter  ter MARKETter  City  Police  Court,  on  Saturday,  charged  with  having  on  the  18th  of  Nov  , STYLE=superscript  tumbler  glasses,  of  the  value  of  556  d,  th(  Batty,  Thomas  Bates  stated  that  that  he  was  Batty,  of  Coop-street,  glass  and  china  day  night  he  left  four  crates,  containing  longing  to  his  master,  in  oop-street,  That  was  about  ten  o'clock,  and  at  that  safe.  Next  morning  about  seven  o'doel  of  the  crates  had  been  broken  on  the  side  was  left  in  the  crate,  as  if  some  of  the  gl  out  of  it.  Another  witness  proved  that  he  saw  th,  goods  from  the  crate.  Committed  to  the  sessions.  ROBBERY  FROM  AN  EMPLOYER.—IaI  the  Manchester  City  Police  Court,  on  Sf  to  take  her  trial  at  the  next  sessions,  on  several  articles  of  wearing  apparel  fron  Rogers,  of  the  Railway  Inn,  Liverpool  Roi  STEALING  IRoN  Itiv  - STYLE=superscript  rrsn.—On  Satrdf  ter  City  Police  Court,  Samuel  Hewitt  ant_  r  iot,'  were  committed  to  the  sessions,  on  a  charge  of  from  their  employers,  Messrs  William  Droog  e STYLE=superscript  Y  a  quantity  of  iron  rivets.  $  l4 STYLE=superscript  The  Marquis  and  Marchioness  of  Westrainsterill,  ,  Lidies  Grosvenor,  are  staying  at  Eaton  Chester.  THE  BIRMINGHAM  AND  MIDLAND  -  the  Thursday  evening  a  meeting  was  held  in  g  Hall,  Birmingham,  for  the  purpose  of  bril  3 STYLE=superscript  s;  .  the  public  the  claims  and  progress  of  the  instil  /o  On  was  a  most  numerous  attendance.  Sir  R.  rel  i  t  cler  l  first  resolution,  That  it  is  essential  to  the  a  T  ol  iae°  efield  c STYLE=superscript  p  lat  classes  se  th  c  e  o  p  u  r  d  in  a  r  meat  of  the  resources  of  this  district,  rich  i  n STYLE=superscript  i  '  - STYLE=superscript  for  il STYLE=superscript  t  !  and  struc  a  t  r  io  t.  n  ),  o  f  M  t  the  industrial  scho  I  manufactures,  that  ample  provision  be  rnali,  e STYLE=superscript  i  ,,  g  of  5 STYLE=superscript  ,;;  1  e STYLE=superscript  tli  which  was  carried  unanimously  while  16 STYLE=superscript  c,  RELIGIOUS  PERSECUTION  IN  R  USSIA  —  •  the  Christians  of  all  confessions  enjoy  full  rehg  l° STYLE=superscript  Russia  is  just  now  distinguished  by  persecu,h  °3 STYLE=superscript  o  .cel  Catholics.  The  Ami  do  la  Religion  says  A  e STYLE=superscript  ;tiori  Moscow  most  afflicting  reports  of  the  con.  Catholics  in  Russia.  The  prior  of  the  Doman  )01,  at  St.  Petersburg—a  man  highly  esteemed  L;iiiir  t  ,,  was,  only  a  few  months  ago,  carried  off  by.  6  4  night,  no  one  knows  whither.  He  re°el3-or.  A  .  fuverndelit  as  t  4  ,.,,  a  en  i  3  r STYLE=superscript  papers  were  seized.  The  ground  of  015  tr  e  atment  front  . STYLE=superscript  '  in  the  fact  that  the  prior  had  answered  a  letter  et,  in  which  some  particulars  respecting  the  1311 STYLE=superscript  .1  sub?  Father  Bobola  were  requested.  The  Catholics  P.  3,0  14 STYLE=superscript  to  annoyances  of  every  kind.  Their  frequent  co'&#34;°,  of  forbidden,  and  at  the  confessional  the  eonv  ersa STYLE=superscript  f  - STYLE=superscript  the  father  is  placed  under  restriction.  The  rulers  0 STYLE=superscript  er  ,  Greek  church  are  persecuted  in  a  similar  nie°  ll STYLE=superscript  o  c  iepe  j  convent  has  been  sackel,  and  the  monks  have  be!  .  ,  t  t:  to  Gitomar.  At  the  latter  place  they  were  at  mildly,  afterwards  they  were  required  to  go  over  ro  t  !  united  Greek  church,  the  religion  of  the  eni  e STYLE=superscript  o  oo,  when  they  refused  they  were  ill-treated  in  ever)*  cy  n  sso  s  manner.  The  brethren  are  all  scattered,  and  6) STYLE=superscript  04  3 STYLE=superscript  Russian  convents.  Among  them  was  one  very  le  higj  ie,  w  9 STYLE=superscript  able  theologian,  who  sought  interviews  with  the  6C STYLE=superscript  of  n  bishop.  They  discussed  together  the  doctrine  4  cen  churches,  and  the  end  of  the  argument  was  tt`  i  car  A  priest  was  bruised  and  beaten  in  body.  Seven,  p  „  i  tir  priests  have  been  sentenced,  why,  no  one  knows,'  ,  be  meat  with  the  pletle,  which  has  taken  the  place  pad  A  surgeon  attends  the  infliction  and  suspends  meat  if  the  victim's  life  is  in  danger.  The  suffe,  r STYLE=superscript  b  e STYLE=superscript  t  taken  to  the  hospital,  recovered,  and  then  brono  r  iest  receive  the  full  complement  of  blows.  One  roo  s  t  lately  died  under  the  treatment.  Last  year  n  lo STYLE=superscript  ,r  e STYLE=superscript  ese  t  j  Polish  families  were  compelled  to  leave  Odessa  ,_  sent  their  children  to  the  catholic  school  there.  since  been  compelled  to  enter  their  children  at  the  t  iv  Moscow  and  Bid,  where  no  priest  of  their  01  0 STYLE=superscript  0  te  r  ;  4  ,  allowed  to  see  them.  A  lady  made  a  pilgrin*  te  a  Holy  Land,  and  there  passed  over  to  the  nal  deal  church.  When  she  returned,  she  was  a  pprehe  s STYLE=superscript  prisoned,  and  otherwise  ill-treated.  „a  5  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TII-u*  - STYLE=superscript  5  11 STYLE=superscript  Is  Published  every  Morning  in  LivEaPooL  and  MA  simultaneously,  end  the  following  are  the  rates  and  -  -  0  - STYLE=superscript  1  4. STYLE=superscript  TERMS  OF  SUBSCRIPTI_I  IN  LIVERPOOL.  I  OUT  OF  Llqj  Term  for  luminance  A  Year  ..  .e  3  0  0  Half  year..  £  1  11  13  Quarter  „  *0  19  6  laff4  0  £3  10  0  149  9  0  el  18  0  IR'  5  o  .eo  19  6  P4_TB00061 u.street  , STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Fershascie,  le  had  he  al STYLE=superscript  Witness  thel  •  Wrap  bet&gt;  eg  nd  toot  Pa  d  arryin,  sad  Ir.  Oft  •  A  bl  e  ,  and  thel  he  fotunl  •  vith  being  01'  a  piece  of  a  l  hour  before,  a  nd'  knew  11°  .  I  '\T  0  custody..  Itlo9  of  Mr.  found  ink  •  jilt!  VaS  ICCCII  .  ifteen  other  3.g  in  the  001.7  10 STYLE=superscript  401  EF6lov.  •  4  TH  E  . STYLE=superscript  i  dinner  e  berN  amined  t  he  pi,  etainall  F  ced,  the  ralueta%  re  commit  BL  A(  the  CL');  -A(  ied  ijr;  :NOVelliberf.,„  l•  roperty  of  1:01  n STYLE=superscript  le  sbetde  s  iwe  r  :tria  c  eerhti  a  dioeann  ti  rlovtaszgetb  t  eudbincsoceospv  t STYLE=superscript  :  l:ol  :  ,,f,,,,,  I  lost  anYth,7so  j(\i.Nll,  diseoverev  -InkAy  In  a  very  sf.'  produced,  ta  k  [  st,  w  as  he  bI  t  witness  1°44  H  lost  a  pur9etto  ti„„74S  three  Sap  t  ot  a  Danielthe  5  rember,  h  a  ,  tumbler  cif  near  to  th  1 STYLE=superscript  14  -  at  time  kittll  ek  he  foull_,  e  45  le  and  dellab-  Itzt4'  th  roods  h  r4,  t:l—oehnaldePePfr:itprisorertale;:Adfr:;  4\  4#,  Lin  ane  r  0,  ;aturday,  o  f  e,  a  charg,  j  .  ;  n  her  0  15 STYLE=superscript  '&#34;  Road.  P  A  lay,  at  th  e STYLE=superscript  at  .nd  David  fi  a STYLE=superscript  tkitea"
