text
"BANKRUPTCY  COURT.  (Before  Mr.  Commissioner  PERRY)  ALLEGED  NEGLECT  ON  THE  PART  OF  A  SOLICITOR.—  IN  RE  JOSEPH  PEVERELLE.  —Yesterday  this  case,  which  was  one  of  adjourned  last  examination,  came  before  the  court.  It  will  be  in  the  recollection  of  our  readers,  that  in  the  course  of  the  past  week  the  bankrupt's  uncle  stated  that  the  bankrupt  had  induced  him  to  increase  his  Claim  on  the  estate  from  £lOO  to  £4OO,  and  that  when  this  subject  was  under  discussion,  Mr.  Pemberton,  solicitor,  who  had  pre previously  viously previously  appeared  for  the  bankrupt,  intimated  if  this  were  found  to  be  really  so,  he  would  no  longer  appear  for  the  bankrupt.  Accordingly,  when  the  case  came  before  the  court,  the  bankrupt  was  represented  by  Mr.  Martin,  of  the  firm  of  Neal  and  Martin,  solicitors.  Mr.  MARTIN  then  informed  his  Honor  that  he  knew  no nothins  thins nothins  about  this  case,  unless  what  he  saw  in  the  newspapers,  and  - STYLE=superscript  he  had  to  ask  for  the  adjournment  of  the  case,  to  give  him  time  to  ascertain  what  the  facts  really  were,  so  as  to  enable  him  to  do  justice  to  the  bankrupt.  He  should  retire  if  no  adjournment  were  to  take  place,  because  he  knew  nothing  about  it,  and  Mr.  Pemberton,  as  his  Honor  was  aware,  had  refused  to  appear.  Mr.  YATES  :  We  had  better  wait  until  Mr.  Pemberton  comes.  The  COMMISSIONER  :  I  think  Mr.  Yates  in  a  few  minutes  can  possess  you  with  the  state  of  the  facts.  Mr.  MARTIN  :  I  was  only  communicated  with  at  half halfpast  past halfpast  ten  o'clock  this  morning.  The  COMMISSIONER  :  The  facts  lie  in  a  very  narrow  compass.  Mr.  MAnTrN•  saw  how  they  lay  with  regard  to  this  par particular  ticular particular  debt  ;  but  of  course  if  I  am  to  attend  to  it,  the  bankrupt  will  have  to  disclose  the  real  facts  of  the  case,  for  and  against.  The  COMMISSIONER  :  I  suppose  Mr.  Pemberton  will  be  here.  Mr.  YATES  :  I  think  he  should  be  here  by  all  means.  A  messenger  was  then  dispatched  for  Mr.  Pemberton.  Mr.  YATES  :  I  think  we  ought  to  know  whether  he  re represents  presents represents  the  bankrupt  or  not  ;  and  if  not,  his  reasons  for  not  doing  so.  Mr.  MARTIN  thought  it  better  that  Mr.  Pemberton  should  appear  for  the  bankrupt.  Mr.  YATES  :  He  has  led  him  into  these  difficulties,  and  ought  not  to  desert  him.  The  messenger  who  was  dispatched  for  Mr.  Pemberton,  then  communicated  the  result  of  his  message  to  Mr.  YATES,  who  stated  to  the  Commissioner,  that  Mr.  Pemberton  had  gone  out,  and  that  his  clerk  did  not  know  where  he  was  gone.  He  (Mr.  Yates)  wanted  Mr.  Pember Pemberton  ton Pemberton  to  come  there,  as  he  wanted  to  say  something  to  him,  and  of  him,  before  he  was  done.  Mr.  MARTIN  said  he  saw  Mr.  Pemberton  five  minutes  be before  fore before  he  came  into  court,  and  he  thought  it  was  a  case  in  which  Mr.  Pemberton  ought  to  appear  and  carry  it  through.  The  COMMISSIONER  :  It  must  be  embarrassing  to  a  cer certain  tain certain  extent  ;  but  as  far  as  the  most  important  parts  of  the  case  go,  as  I  said  before,  Mr.  Yates  will  soon  apprise  you  of  all  the  facts.  .  .  Mr.  YATES  :  I  have  a  few  short  words  of  examination  to  take  from  the  bankrupt,  and  then  we  will  wait  and  see  if  Mr.  Pemberton  will  come.  Joseph  Peverelle  examined  by  Mr.  YATES  :  Were  all  the  books  and  papers  produced  before  the  arbitrator  returned  to  you  by  Mr.  Pemberton  ?  That  is  more  than  I  could  say,  for  I  did  not  see  them  for  a  long  time  after  ;  I  saw  the  papers,  but  did  not  look  them  over  until  we  sent  them  to  the  court.  Do  you  mean  to  represent  that  you  gave  up  to  the  mes messenger  senger messenger  all  of  such  papers  as  were  returned,  to  the  best  of  your  knowledge  ?  All  that  was  left.  You  stated  before  that  you  had  produced  to  the  messenger  a  basket  in  which  they  had  been  returned,  and  emptied  it  ?  Yes,  I  think  we  did.  Are  you  prepared  to  furnish  any  further  statement  or  ex explanation  planation explanation  as  to  what  had  become  of  the  property  saved  from  the  fire  ?  No,  not  more  than  what  I  have  done.  Have  you  been  in  Birmingham  since  you  were  here  on  the  Bth  of  No November  vember November  ?  No.  Are  you  aware  that  Mr.  Pemberton  con convened  vened convened  a  meeting  of  your  creditors,  to  be  holden  in  the  Stork  Hotel.  in  Birmingham,  yesterday,  in  order  to  submit  to  them  a  proposition  on  your  behalf?  Yes.  Did  you  instruct  him  as  to  what  proposal  he  was  to  make  ?  No,  I  did  not.  Do  you  know  who  did  instruct  him  ?  He  asked  me  what  we  should  do,  and  we  came  to  that  proposition  before.  On  Friday  he  asked  me  what  he  should  do,  and  at  last  he  said  will  you  do  this,  and  I  said  yes.  Do  what  ?  To  call  this  meeting  at  Birmingham.  I  want  to  know  what  instructions  Mr.  Pemberton  got---what  terms  was  ho  to  offer  to  the  cre creditors  ditors creditors  ?  lOs  in  the  pound.  Was  it  arranged  what  proposal  Mr.  Pemberton  was  to  make  ?  He  was  to  offer  them  ten  shillings  in  the  pound.  Where  was  the  money  to  come  from  ?  He  was  going  to  pay  the  remainder  of  what  was  short  ;  he  offered  to  lend  me  what  was  short  to  pay  108  in  the  pound.  Was  anything  said  of  how  it  was  to  be  paid  back  ?  After  I  got  into  business  I  should  pay  him  so  much  at  a  time.  Was  nothing  said  with  regard  to  your  wife  findin  g  the  money  ?  Not  that  lam  aware  of.  Did  you  see  your  uncle,  Louis  Peverelle,  after  his  examination  here  on  the  15th  and  17th  November  ?  I  did  not.  You  did  not  see  him  since  at  all?  No.  Mr.  YATES  :  Perhaps  your  Honor  would  send  one  of  the  messengers  for  Mr.  Pemberton,  as  proceeding  from  the  court  ?  The  Com:memo's=  :  I  do  not  know  how  I  can  do  that.  Mr.  Pemberton  seems  to  have  refused  to  attend  on  behalf  of  the  bankrupt  ;  but  if  you  wish  him  for  examination  I  can  summon  him.  Mr.  YATES  wished  Mr.  Pemberton  would  come,  as  he  had  to  say  something  in  his  presence  which  he  could  not  well  say  in  his  absence.  Mr.  Pemberton  went  along  with  his  bankrupt  through  all  his  meanderings  up  to  the  present  moment,  and  it  was  a  case  similar  to  many  which  had  oc occurred  curred occurred  in  that  court.  The  COMMISSIONER  :  Don't  you  say  Mr.  Martin  you  will  act,  if  there  is  a  short  adjournment  ?  Mr.  MARTIN  :  Yes,  I  think  I  am  bound  to  act  for  the  the  bankrupt  if  he  come  to  me.  If  there  were  an  adjourn adjournment,  ment, adjournment,  I  would  know  the  facts  of  the  case,  which  at  present  I  do  not  know.  Mr.  YATES  would  submit  in  the  present  stage  of  the  pro proceedings,  ceedings, proceedings,  whether  this  was  not  a  case  in  which  the  examina examination  tion examination  ought  to  be  adjourned  sine  die.  He  had  not  asked  the  bankrupt  whether  he  had  seen  Louis  Peverelle's  statement,  for  this  reason  :  that  there  might  be  an  inquiry  elsewhere  ;  but  it  was  manifest  that  the  bankrupt  was  well  informed  of  the  fact  that  Louis  Peverelle's  claim  against  was  only  100/.  He  did  not  ask  the  bankrupt  to  admit  anything;  he  had  better  not  say  anything  that  might  prejudice  his  case  ;  but  no  doubt  he  had  ascertained  the  fact  that  Louis  Perevelle  had  stated  that  his  debt  was  not  only  881.  as  against  the  bankrupt,  but  that  the  bankrupt  was  perfectly  well  informed  of  the  fact  [Mr.  Pemberton  here  entered  the  court];  and  his  honor  saw  the  cause  assigned  that  this  debt  should  be  fraudulently  increased  from  881.  to  4011.  in  the  balance  sheet.  They  now  had  evidence,  which  should  be  considered  incon incontrovertible,  trovertible, incontrovertible,  that  under  the  bankrupt's  own  handwriting  the  debt  had  been  increased,  and  therefore  he  (Mr.  Yates)  must  presume  that  such  was  the  case,  and  that  the  balance  sheet,  as  it  stood  at  present,  was  a  fraudulent  construction.  That  was'  one  proposition  as  regarded  the  balance  sheet  itself.  Another  point  was  that  a  considerable  amount  of  property  was  given  up  to  the  bankrupt  after  the  fire,  which  had  evapo evaporated  rated evaporated  in  some  shape  or  other,  and  they  had  no  tangible  account  of  it  at  all.  The  bankrupt  carried  on  his  trade  and  personal  expenses  as  if  he  were  carrying  on  business  in  the  ordinary  way,  whereas,  according  to  his  own  statement,  he  was  merely  converting  the  property  he  had  into  money,  and  living  on  it.  That  also  was  not  accounted  for.  The  other  facts  in  the  case  involved  a  very  grave  charge  indeed.  It  had  been  stated  by  Mr.  Pemberton  and  his  clerk  that  they  had  handed  back  to  the  bankrupt  a  basket  containing  all  the  papers  and  books  which  had  been  furnished  to  the  arbitra arbitrators,  tors, arbitrators,  and,  no  doubt,  every  description  of  evidence  necessary  for  the  case  was  produced  before  them.  All  those  papers  were  returned  to  the  basket  according  to  the  statement  of  Mr.  Pemberfon.  Mr.  PEMBERTON  :  The  whole  of  the  papers  that  came  tome?  Mr.  YATES  Yes  ;  all  that  were  produced  before  the  arbi arbitrators.  trators. arbitrators.  Mr.  PEMBERTON  :  Yes.  Mr.  YATES  :  All  the  papers  which  came  into  Mr.  Pem Pemberton's  berton's Pemberton's  hands,  and  were  produced  before  the  arbitrators  were  returned  to  the  bankrupt,  and  they  included  a  great  mass  of  notices  and  documents  which  were  never  seen  since,  All  the  documents  that  came  into  the  hands  of  the  official  assignee  were  a  few  burned  papers,  and  some  of  those  of  the  most  importance.  It  would,  therefore,  be  for  his  Honor,  on  those  three  propositions—fraudulent  concoction  of  a  debt;  secondly,  not  perfectly  accounting  ;  and,  thirdly,  for  not  de delivering  livering delivering  up  his  books  and  papers  which  belonged  to  him  •  it  was  for  his  Honor  to  say  whether  that  did  not  afford  such  a  state  of  facts  as  to  authorise  the  court  to  adjourn  the  case  sine  die.  As  Mr.  Pemberton  was  present,  the  court  snould  hear  his  explanations  why  he  bad  left  the  bankrupt.  The  COMMISSIONER  :  Mr.  Martin  expressed  an  opinion  that  Mr.  Pemberton  should  continue  to  appear  for  the  bankrupt.  Mr.  1114RTn9  ;  That  is  ,  my  opinion.  Mr.  PEMBERTON  said  he  should  have  continued  in  this  matter,  but  that  he  was  so  cenvinced  in  his  own  mind,  that  day  fortnight,  that  the  question  with  regard  to  the  debt  of  Louis  Peverelle  was  merely  some  ques question  tion question  raised  by  Mr.  Hamilton,  the  assignee,  and  that  the  debt  was  founded  in  truth,  and  that  £4Ol  was  really  and  legally  owing  to  Louis  Peverelle.  He  stated  at  that  time,  and  his  Honor  would  remember  it  well,  that  if  he  found  the  bankrupt  had  done  that  which  Mr.  Yates  hinted  at  then,  he  (Mr.  Pemberton)  would  have  nothing  further  to  do  with  him.  He  had  thought,  and  did  think,  that  he  could  not,  certainly,  with  cpnsistency  or  regard  to  his  own  character  appear  there  for  Joseph  Peverelle  ;  but  if  his  Honor  thought  he  was  bound  to  go  on,  and  to  appear  for  him,  he  certainly  should  do  so,  because  he  had  some  words  to  say  on  the  case.  With  regard  to  the  debt,  until  Louis  Peverelle  presented  himself  before  the  court  that  day  week,  he  knew  nothing  but  that  the  debt  was  founded  in  fact.  He  had  sent  the  bankrupt  to  the  most  respectable  practitioner  they  had  as  an  accountant,  Mr.  Blease,  to  prepare  his  balance  sheet,  and  when  he  (Mr.  Pemberton)  noticed  the  debt  increased,  he  called  the  atten attention  tion attention  of  the  bankrupt  to  it,  and  he  stated  that  was  the  correct  amount  ;  that  he  had  the  invoices  from  his  uncle,  and  that  the  amount  was,  as  there  stated;  £4Ol.  He  told  the  bank bankrupt  rupt bankrupt  to  be  very  particular  with  regard  to  the  mention  of  every  debt,  and  particularly  with  regard  to  this  debt  of  Louis  Peverelle's  ;  and  so  far  as  he  (Mr.  Pemberton)  was  concerned  no  blame  whatever  could  attach  to  him  in  the  matter.  Mr.  Yates  said  there  was  blame  attaching  to  him  (Mr.  Pember Pemberton)  ton) Pemberton)  but  he  did  not  see  how  it  could  lie  ;  he  called  the  bankrupt's  attention,  and  Mr7Blease  called  his  attention  to  this  debt,  and  the  court  had  before  it  the  statement  the  bank bankrupt  rupt bankrupt  had  produced  to  Mr.  Blease.  He  knew  not  why  any anything  thing anything  should  have  been  said  about  him,  for  he  would  be  sorry  to  be  a  party  to  any  fraud,  nor  would  he  attempt  to  deceive  the  court.  Mr.  YATES  at  once  admitted  that  he  had  attributed  blame,  both  publicly  and  privately,  to  Mr.  Pemberton  ;  also  that  he  should  have  gone  much  further  before  be  could  claim  to  be  free  from  blame  ;  and  as  the  matter  was  now  before  the  court  he  (Mr.  Yates)  should  make  a  few  observations  on  this  case,  more  especially  as  this  was  not  an  introductory  case  in  which  clients  from  Mr.  Pemberton's  office  had,  at  certain  stages,  in  pressing  through  the  court,  been  detected  in  the  commis commission  sion commission  of  fraud,  and  it  had  become  very  necessary  they  should  have  been  left,  and  passed  over  to  other  hands.  He  did  undoubtedly  lay  great  blame  to  Mr.  Pemberton;  he  had  explained  to  him  privately  why  he  did  so,  and  he  knew  it  perfectly  well.  And  he  (Mr.  Yates)  did  say  that  if  Mr.  Pemberton  had  exercised  vigilance,  if  he  had  taken  due  cau caution  tion caution  and  due  care  on  his  part,  the  bankrupt  would  not  stand  there,  as  probably  he  would  have  to  stand  elsewhere,  to  answer  for  the  fraud  which  he  had  perpetrated.  His  Ho Honor  nor Honor  would  see  that  the  fire  took  place  on  the  24th  of  De December.  cember. December.  The  bankrupt  then  placed  himself  in  the  hands  of  Mr.  Pemberton,  and  he  called  a  meeting  of  the  bankrupt's  creditors  shortly  afterwards,  in  order  to  represent  to  them  the  state  of  the  bankrupt's  affairs,  and  of  inducing  the  cre creditors  ditors creditors  to  forego  proceedings  which  they  were  taking  against  the  bankrupt.  Mr.  Pemberton  stated  to  the  creditors  there  was  an  abundance  of  assets.  That  meeting  was  held,  and  they  had  on  the  file  of  proceedings  the  resolution  passed  by  the  creditors  ;  it  was  in  Mr.  Pemberton's  handwriting,  and  was  somewhat  complimentary  to  himself,  Resolved,  that  Mr.  Pemberton  has  made  such  a  satisfactory  and  plain  state statement  ment statement  of  Mr.  Peverelle's  affairs,  we  are  quite  satisfied  the  es estate  tate estate  will  pay  20s.  in  the  pound  and  do  sanction  the  giving  up  to  the  bankrupt  of  property  to  the  amount  of  At  that  meeting,  and  all  meetings,  both  previous  and  subse subsequent  quent subsequent  the  bankrupt's  liabilities  were  represented  to  amount  to  £l6OO.  It  was  quite  true  in  the  list  there  was  a  blank  left  to  increase  it  to  the  amount  of  the  debt  of  Louis  Pave Paverelic  relic Paverelic  ;  but  the  calculations,:‘the  adding  up  of  the  figures,  introduced  of  necessity  an  amount  of  about  £lOO.  On  ano another  ther another  occasion  another  list  was  made  out  ;  it  represented  the  same  sums,  and  the  liabilities  were  again  made  to  amount  to  from  £l6OO  to  £l7OO.  The  bankrupt's  policy  of  insurance  was  for  £2OOO,  and  that  was  represented  as  so  much  assets,  and  that  there  was  an  abundance  to  pay  all  the  creditors,  and  thereupon  they  handed  to  the  bankrupt  property  to  the  amount  of  £5OO,  on  the  assurance  that  they  were  to  be  paid,  and  that  the  debts  of  all  the  creditors  amounted  to  £l6OO.  Thus  the  state  of  things  went  on;  Mr.  Pemberton  prose prosecuted  cuted prosecuted  the  case,  and  having  got  an  award  for  £1475,  he  again  called  a  meeting  of  creditors,  at  which  a  list  was  again  pro produced,  duced, produced,  and  the  liabilities  were  represented  at  between  £l6OO  and  £l7OO.  Mr.  PEkBERTON  :  Between  £l7OO  and  £lBOO  Mr.  YATES  :  There  had  been  an  increase  then.  They  were  after  a  lapse  of  five  or  six  months  represented  at  £lBOO  ,  a  calculation  was  made  as  to  the  amount  of  money  in  the  hands  of  Mr.  Pemberton,  to  see  what  composition  it  would  pay,  and  it  was  found  that  it  would  pay  a  specific  composition,  and  the  bankrupt  was  to  go  on  again.  At  this  time  it  was  repre represented  sented represented  by  Mr.  Pemberton,  not  in  fraud  (he  did  not  see  or  impute  to  him  any  fraud  whatever  as  regarded  his  debts,  only  irregularity),  but  he  had  stated,  and  stated  truly,  that  he  was  assured  by  the  bankrupt,  and  it  was  all  along  his  conviction,  distinctly  impressed  on  his  mind,  that  this  debt  was  only  £lOO,  or  thereabouts.  Shortly  after  this,  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  the  arrangement  not  coming  to  pass,  then  it  was  the  bankrupt,  instructed  by  Mr.  Pemberton,  because  he  could  not  understand  the  process  himself,  presented  a  peti petition  tion petition  to  the  court  for  passing  through  under  the  arrange arrangements  ments arrangements  clause.  Mr.  PEMBERTON  :  Advised  not  by  me,  but  by  Mr.  Cutler,  who  was  one  of  the  principal  creditors,  and  a  resolu resolution  tion resolution  was  passed  to  that  effect.  Mr.  YATES  :  The  matter  was  then  handed  over  to  Mr.  Blease,  when  the  business  of  an  attorney  might  be  said  to  have  concluded.  Mr.  Blease  was  directed  to  prepare  a  balance  sheet,  and  then  the  bankrupt  orders  Mr.  Blease,  or  rather  furnishes  it  in  writing-,  to  put  down  Louis  Peverelle  as  a  creditor  for  £3OO.  Where  he  (Mr.  Yates)  attributed  gross  blame  and  neglect  to  Mr.  Pemberton  was  this,  tbat  if  he  were  indignant  it  was  at  the  moment  the  fraud  was  about  to  be  perpetrated  he  ought  to  have  spoken  out,  when  he  himself  had  been  made  the  instrument  of  fraud.  It  had  been  represented  to  the  creditors  the  debts  only  amounted  to  a  specific  sum,  and  he  had  induced  them  to  give  up  to  the  bankrupt  a  very  considerable  amount  of  property,  and  if  anything  could  have  brought  conviction  to  his  mind  that  this  debt  was  a  fraud,  then  was  the  time  to  show  his  indig indignation  nation indignation  at  the  conduct  of  his  client  in  permitting  him  (Mr.  Pemberton)  to  be  a  tool  in  carrying  out  the  fraud.  But  this  was  only  a  small  part  of  the  endeavour  to  show  that  Mr.  Pemberton  must  have  known  of  necessity  that  this  was  a  debt  for  £lOO.  They  hid  it  in  evidence  that  Mr.  Pemberton  had  produced  before  the  arbitrators  all  the  creditors.  It  was  a  very  natural  and  correct  proceeding  that  he  should  prove  all  the  goods  purchased  by  the  bankrupt  from  the  different  creditors  before  the  arbitrators  ;  but  it  did  so  happen  although  he  produced  creditors  for  £5O  and  £6O,  and  various  other  different  sums,  -yet  he  never  gave  any  evi evidence  dence evidence  of  the  existence  of  Louis  Peverelle.  He  never  pro produced  duced produced  before  the  arbitrators  a  tittle  of  evidence  to  show  that  a  shilling  was  due  from  the  bankrupt  to  Louis  Peverelle,  and  with  that  impression,  by  his  representations  he  had  itiducel  the  creditors  to  act,  and  he  permitted  the  bankrupt  to  prac practice  tice practice  fraud,  although  he  had  within  himself  a  know knowledge  ledge knowledge  forcing  it  on  his  mind,  as  a  matter  'of  necessity,  that  the  bankrupt  was  perpetrating  fraud  What  he  did  charge  him  with  was,  that  he  took  no  trouble  to  prevent  the  bankrupt  from  committing  a  gross  fraud  on  the  creditors,  which  would  have  gone  on  unseen,  had  it  not  been  for  the  vigilance  of  the  creditors  and  the  assignee.  Therefore,  he  said,  Mr.  Pemberton  was  morally  responsible,  to  a  great  extent,  for  this  bankrupt's  misdeeds.  He  had  placed  himself  before  the  court  in  a  very  awkward  position,  from  which  he  could  hardly  contemplate  what  might  be  the  consequences  ;  and  if  Mr.  Pemberton  was  to  forsake  the  bankrupt  at  any  stage  of  his  career  at  all,  it  should  not  have  been  when  the  exposure  had  taken  place,  but  rather  at  the  moment  when  exposure  would  have  resulted  from  inquiry.  Mr.  PEMBERTON  said  there  was  always  something  within  a  man's  breast  which  told  him  when  he  pursued  an  honor honorable  able honorable  and  upright  course.  He  felt  that  he  had  pursued  an  honorable  course  in  this  case  from  the  first  to  the  last.  He  had  acted  disinterestedly  ;  he  had  no  motive  to  serve,  and  his  reply  to  Mr.  Yates's  observations  would  be  made  in  due  course.  The  fire  took  place  in  December.  The  whole  papers  and  books  were  consumed.  The  COMMISSIONER  :  Not  the  whole  of  the  papers.  Some  of  the  papers  were  the  only  mode  of  detecting  this  fraud.  Mr.  PEMBERTON  continued—All,  with  the  exception  of  a  few,  and  those  were  partly  burned,  The  s  e  w  e  re  in  a  b  as  k  e  t,  and  were  laid  before  the  arbitrators.  All  the  papers,  with  these  exceptions,  had  been  destroyed.  He  (Mr.  Pemberton)  collected  certain  papers  for  the  purpose  of  taking  proceed proceedings,  ings, proceedings,  and  he  called  a  meeting  of  the  creditors,  and  he  laid  before  them,  as  he  conceived  (and  this  was  conceded  to  him),  that  which  he  believed  to  be  a  true  representation  of  the  liabilities  of  the  bankrupt.  Those  liabilities  amounted  to  £1,600.  Before  that,  however,  he  had  the  stock  valued  by  one  gentleman,  Mr.  Natali,  who  was  a  creditor  for  £136,  and  also  by  a  r.  Charles  Peverelle,  a  creditor  for  £lO6,  who  was  unconnected  either  with  the  bankrupt  or  Louis  Peverelle.  They  valued  the  stock  at  £2,000,  and  he  laid  before  the  creditors  this  statement,  and  stated,  seeing  that  he  was  only  owing  £1,600,  there  would  be  a  residue  for  the  creditors.  The  matter  was  referred  to  arbitration,  and  the  arbitrators  found  for  £1,475.  He  (Mr.  Pemberton)  did  not  allow  a  week  to  expire  after  the  22d  of  July  ;  another  meet meeting  ing meeting  was  called,  and  the  the  whole  was  laid  before  the  credi creditors,  tors, creditors,  After  the  meeting  in  July,  he  again  wrote  a  circular,  and  addressed  it  to  each  individual  oreditor,  requesting  him  to  bring  in  the  amount  of  his  account,  and  amongst  others,  to.Loais  Peverelle.  The  creditors  who  did  attend,  attended  with  their  accounts,  and  the  amounts  were  put  in  in  his  own  handwriting.  The  bankrupt  then  proposed  to  pay  6s.  Bd.  in  the  pound,  leaving  him  a  sum  of  £l6B  to  carry  on  business  with.  Some  of  his  creditors,  to  the  amount  of  six,  did  not  agree  to  this,  and  Mr.  Cutler,  of  Birmingham,  one  of  the  principal  creditors,  and  who  had  the  whole  management  of  the  matter;  he  (Mr.  Pemberton)  saw  him  in  Liverpool,  and  Mr.  Cutler  stated  to  him  that  there  was  no  other  plan  for  the  bankrupt  but  to  petition  this  court  for  an  arrangement.  A  meeting  was  called  in  the  office  of  Mr.  Cutler's  son,  who  was  a  solicitor  in  Birmingham,  and  it  was  recommended  that  the  bankrupt  should  petition  the  court.  He  (Mr,  Pemberton)  then  handed  over  to  the  bankrupt  all  the  invoices  and  other  documents  he  had  ;  he  dot  all  the  bills  and  invoices  which  had  been  before  the  arbitrators  that  had  been  sent  to  him— himthat  that himthat  was  proved  by  himself  (Mr.  Pemberton).  He  told  him  to  take  all  those  papers  to  Mr.  Blease's  office,  and  he  gave  the  bankrupt  every  assistance  he  possibly  could.  When  he  (Mr.  Pemberton)  found  the  amount  of  debts  increased  to  £2400,  he  naturally  made  what  inquiry  he  could  to  see  how  it  was  increased.  He  found  that  Louis  Peverelle's  claim  was  increased  to  £4Ol,  and  he  asked  the  bankrupt  how  he  had  arrived  at  that  amount,  and  he  answered  that  he  had  invoices  to  that  amount  sent  him  by  Louis  Peverelle  —that  he  had  large  dealings  with  him,  and  that  he  had  owed  Louis  Peve Peverelle  relle Peverelle  money  since  the  time  he  was  in  business  in  Bristol,  and  that  increased  the  amount.  Could  he  do  more  than  call  the  attention  of  the  petitioning  trader  to  this  amount  ?  Was  there  anything  in  this  which  could  induce  him  there  was  any  fraud  ?  Certainly  not.  He  never  had  the  least  idea  but  that  the  bankrupt  was  an  honourable  man.  His  credi creditors  tors creditors  were  all  perfectly  satisfied  with  his  conduct,  and  agreed  to  his  representations.  The  petitioning  trader's  balance balancesheet  sheet balancesheet  was  then  filed  with  this  debt  of  £4Ol.  Seeing  that  all  the  meetings  had  been  unanimously  on  the  side  of  the  bank bankrupt,  rupt, bankrupt,  he  went  over,  by  appointment,  to  Sheffield,  to  get  their  powers  of  attorney  and  proofs  there.  Mr.  Hamilton  was  present  at  that  meeti  ng  ,  an  d  th  a  t  was  th  e  fi  rs  t  moment  he  (Mr.  Pemberton)  heard  of  that  debt  being  questioned,  Mr,  Hamilton  said  he  did  not  think  that  debt  was  correct— 'correct'  very  he  (Mr.  Pemberton)  said;  ‘i  if  that  is  so  you  have  a  right  to  question  any  debt,  and  I  shall  say  nothing  farther,  nor  will  I  take  your  affidavits  or  proofs  of  He  then  came  away,  and  appeared  before  the  court  on  the  day  named  to  file  the  petition  ;  but  between  the  day  of  filing  the  petition  and  the  day  of  hearing,  he  heard  of  a  debt  of  £l5  which  had  been  omitted  from  the  balance-sheet,  and  he  called  attention  to  the  fact,  and  he  would  not  allow  the  bankrupt  to  swear  to  the  affidavit.  So,  throughout  the  whole  of  the  proceedings  he  never  shrunk  from  any  consequence,  and  he  was  conscious  of  no  collusion  whatever  ;  on  the  contrary  he  thought  Louis  Peverelle's  debt  was  one  of  1001.  He  should  most  assuredly  have  called  him  before  the  arbitrafors  if  he  thought  the  debt  was  anything  like  the  amount  afterwards  stated.  He  should  have  called  him  even  if  it  were  1001.,  but  for  another  reason,  namely,  that  Mr.  Natali  and  another  had  valued  the  goods.  But  if  this  were  not  bone  fide,  was  he  (Mr.  Pemberton)  to  know  the  bank bankrupts  rupts bankrupts  private  concerns.  He  called  his  attention  to  the  debt  ;  he  placed  him  in  the  most  respectable  hands  he  could  ;  and  he  thought  Mr.  Yates's  observations  were,  to  say  the  least  of  them,  ungenerous.  He  had  done  everything  disinte disinterestedly  restedly disinterestedly  ;  he  had  done  nothing  without  the  sanction  of  the  creditors  from  the  commencement  of  the  proceedings  to  where  the  matter  then  was.  The  COMNLISSIONER  :  With  respect  to  the  particular  ob observation,  servation, observation,  I  think,  as  Mr.  Martin  expressed  a  willingness  to  act  for  the  bankrupt,  that  a  short  adjournment  should  be  allowed  in  justice  to  the  bankrupt,  and  ougt  to  be  allowed.  But  I  should  like  to  know  what  Mr.  Martin  considers  a  short  adjournment  ;  whether  he  would  be  prepared  to  take  the  case  to-morrow  ?  Mr.  MARTIN  :  Not  to-morrow.  The  balance  sheet  re required  quired required  correction,  and  he  was  not  ready.  It  would  be  im impossible  possible impossible  to  take  it  to-morrow.  Mr.  PEMBERTON  .  Mr  Yates  asked  why  he  did  not  in inquire  quire inquire  more  into  it.  He  could  not  do  more  than  call  atten attention  tion attention  to  the  debt.  Could  he  do  more  than  ask  him  how  he  had  arrived  at  that  amount  ?  He  answered  him  that  he  had  received  invoices  ;  that  he  had  them,  and  that  was  the  right  amount,  and  if  there  was  any  doubt  on  the  subject,  they  had  the  bankrupt's  schedule  or  list  of  debts  in  his  own  hand handwriting,  writing, handwriting,  as  produced  to  Mr.  Blease.  The  COMMISSIONER  :  I  should  have  said  where  are  the  invoices.  Mr.  PEMBERTON  :  I  called  attention  to  them.  The  COMMISSIONER  :  Where  are  they  I  should  have  said  Mr.  YATES  :  I  would  have  them.  Mr.  PEMBERTON  believed  that  Mr.  Yates  was  doing  this  in  a  way  which  he  thought  was  right,  but  he  could  assure  him  he  was  wrong.  He  asked  him  for  the  invoices,  and  the  bankrupt  said  he  could  not  lay  his  hand  upon  them.  He  wished  his  Honor  would  ask  the  question.  Did  T  ask  you  (to  bankrupt)  for  the  invoices,  and  whether  you  had  them  ?  BANKRUPT  :  You  did.  Mr.  PEMBERTON  :  What  answer  did  you  give  me  ?  BANKRUPT  :  I  could  not  find  the  account.  Mr.  YATES:  Did  he  ask  yon  to  send  to  your  uncle's  for  copies  ?  BANKRUPT  :  He  did  not.  Mr.  PEMBERTON  :  If  he  had  them  furnished  for  a  parti particular  cular particular  purpose,  I  did  not  see  any  necessity.  Mr.  YATES  :  If  he  had  not  done  so,  I  would  have  sent  him  out  of  my  office.  After  some  further  conversation,  it  was  arranged  to  adjourn  the  case  to  the  19th  December,  to  allow  time  for  the  necessary  corrections  to  be  made  in  the  bankrupt's  balance  sheet,  the  commissioner  remarking  that  the  only  reason  he  did  not  dispose  of  Mr.  Yates's  application  was,  that  the  bank bankrupt  rupt bankrupt  was  not  represented  by  a  solicitor.  THE  STRIKES  IN  THE  MANUFACTURING  DISTRICTS.  P  R.E  S  T  0  N.  FROM  OUR  OWN  C  ORRESPONDENT.  TUESDAY  NIGHT.  Several  of  the  Preston  delegates  have  recently  visited  the  metropolis,  for  the  purpose  of  confer conferring  ring conferring  with  delegates  connected  with  various  trades  relative  to  the  strike.  Their  mission  has  resulted  in  the  issue  of  an  address  by  the  central  committee  of  the  National  Association  of  United  From  this  address  we  make  the  following  ex extracts:—  tracts:— extracts:—  FELLOW  WORKMEN,—We  feel  it  to  be  our  paramount  duty  to  call  your  attention  to  the  contest  now  raging  between  the  manufacturers  of  Preston  and  their  hands.  The  ques question,  tion, question,  one  originally  of  wages,  seems  to  have  assumed  a  character  in  which  the  merits  or  demerits,  the  reasonable reasonableness  ness reasonableness  or  the  unreasonableness,  of  the  workmen's  requirement  is  entirely  put  aside,  and  an  absolute  submission,  at  all  times  and  under  all  circumstances  to  the  arbitrary  dictates  of  their  employers  is  insisted  on,  and  their  constitutional  right  of  combining  for  the  protection  of  their  labour  is  denied  them  under  the  pain  of  starvation.  We  hold  that  the  rights  of  British  Industry  .  can  only  be  maintained  and  PROTECTED,  by  a  National  Union  of  Trades  based  upon  and  regulated  by  principles  of  reason,  justice,  and  equity;  we  consider  that  strikes,  with  all  their  unques unquestionable  tionable unquestionable  evils,  are  inseparable  from  the  existing  relations  of  labour  and.  capital,  but  th..t  under  a  National  Labour  Con Confederation  federation Confederation  all  differences  would  be  arranged  with  mutual  satisfaction  by  peaceful  arbitration.  It  would  be  impossi impossible  ble impossible  for  any  combination  of  capital  successfully  to  oppress  labour  when  nationally  combined  for  its  own  protection,  but  all  experience  has  shown  that  no  isolated  combination  of  trades,  however  strong  in  numbers,  resources  or  intelligence,  can  withstand  the  onslaughts  of  capital,  backed  as  it  ever  is  by  its  OWN  Press  and  its  owN  Government.  Need  we  point  to  the  unsuccessful  struggles  of  the  Manchester  and  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  Builders  in  1846,  or  to  the  more  recent  case  of  the  Amalgamated  Engineers,  wherein  the  self-same  movement  which  is  being  now  attempted  by  sthe  mill-owners  of  Preston,  was  the  too-successful  mean  whereby  those  powerful  bodies  of  workmen  were  defeated.  Fellow  workmen,  we  unfortunately  have  at  present  no  National  Confederation,  but,  unless  something  approaching  to  a  NATIONAL  CONTRIBUTION  be  instantly  raised,  the  rights  of  labour  through  our  fellow  operatives  of  Preston  will  be  outraged  to  a  degree  hitherto  unparalled  in  the  annals  of  industry,  and  by  its  success  will  pave  the  way  to  its  gradual  but  sure  and  permanent  subjugation.  We,  therefore,  earnestly  call  on  you  to  assist,  by  your  contributions,  the  men  who  are  now  so  nobly  struggling  to  maintain  their  and  your  industrial  freedom.  Let  the  expe experiment  riment experiment  be  tried,  whether  British  industry  is  to  be,  in  future,  the  bond  slave  of  capital.  Assistance  to  be  USEFUL  must  be  IMMEDIATE  and  CON CONTINUOUS.  TINUOUS. CONTINUOUS.  A  contribution  of  two-pence  per  week  from  one  million  of  working  men  would  settle  this  affair  in  a  month.  Let  not  then  a  moment  be  lost.  It  is  your  interest  and  duty  to  rescue  the  men  of  Preston  from  the  barbarous  op oppression  pression oppression  of  their  task-masters.  The  address  was  extensively  circulated  in  Pres Preston  ton Preston  to-day,  and  seems  to  have  added  to  the  confi confidence  dence confidence  the  operatives  entertain  in  their  ultimate  success."
