text
"MARITIME  EXTRACTS.  Queenstown,  Jan.  9.—The  Falcon  (s.s.),  for  Liverpool,  in  comin%  down  the  river  this  morning  grounded  on  the  north  bank,  but  is  ex'  peeled  off  on  the  flood  without  damage.  Lerwic4,  Dec.  26.—Arrived  —The  gee,  from  Liverpool  for  Dundee•  with  loss  of  bulwarks  and  sails,  and  other  damage,  and  to  tons  of  salt.  ihrown  overboard.  Dublin,  Jan.  11.—The  Sco  is  (s.).  in  coming  into  Kingstown  ter.lay  at  Ur  a.m.,  ran  into  the  smack  Eliza,  Blake,  of  Port  Madac  , STYLE=superscript  doing  much  damage,  afterwards  towed  her  into  harbour.  FORM  IGN  PORT  Blake,  Rudolph,  hence  at  Ship  Island.  BIRTH.  On  the  11th  inst.,  at  Liscard,  the  wife  of  Mr.  James  Troughtoilt  of  a  son.  MARRIAGE  On  the  15th  Sept..  1855,  at  St.  Stephen's  Church,  Kidderpnre.  bi  tie  Rev.  J.  Bloomfield.  111.  A.,  domestic  chaplain  to  the  Lord  BishoP  of  Calcutta,  Edward  Whitehead  Drury,  Esq.,  formerly  of  Sheffield  , STYLE=superscript  to  Sarah  Adams,  widow  of  the  late  Capt.  G.  A.  Adams,  H.E.1.C.8.  %  Births,  Marriages,  and  Deaths,  are  only  inserted  when  sent  to  our  Office  duly  cut  Lentkited  LADY  ELLENBORODGIL—The  reported  death  of  Ladf  Ellonborough  has  been  contradicted,  the  family  having  received  letters  from  her  ladyship,  dated  Damascus  , STYLE=superscript  December  10.  Mr.  Balfe  has  returned  to  England,  after  a  most  sue'  cessful  tour  in  Russia,  Germany,  and  Italy.  In  the  latter  he  produced  his  opera,  The  Bohemian  under  the  title  of  Lo  with  immense  success.  JENNY  LIND  AT  CANTERBURY.  — STYLE=superscript  Arrangements  are  iii  progress  for  securing  the  services  of  the  Swedish  Night..  ingale  (Jenny  Lind),  now  Madame',  Goldschmidt,  for  0 STYLE=superscript  '  night  in  our  city,  the  sum  agreed  on  being  2001.—Canter'  bury  Gazette.  The  Recorder  of  the  Borough  of  Plymouth  (Williams  Carpenter  Rowe,  Esq.),  has  been  appointed  Lord  Chief  Justice  of  Ceylon,  and  will,  we  understand,  prior  to  lean'  ing  England,  have  the  honour  of  knighthood  conferred  on  him  by  her  Majesty.  The  Scotch  papers  announce  the  death  of  Sir  Alexander  Mackenzie,  Bart.,  of  Coul,_  in  his  fifty-first  year.  Sir  Alexander  had  spent  many  years  in  India,  and  succeeded  to  the  1848.  He  died  unmarried,  and  is  succeeded  by  his  second  brother.  It  is  said'  that  Marshal  Pelissier  has  officially  notified  to  the  Constantinople  papers,  that  henceforward  no  men  , STYLE=superscript  tion  whatever  is  to  be  made  of  the  movements  of  French  troops  ;  and  even  the!  list  of  arrivals  of  steamers  with  troops  and  ammunition  to  be  discontinued.—Malta  Times.  SINGULAR  SUICIDE.—On  Sunday  evening,  th  e  23  r  d  o  f  December,  a  man  in  the  prime  of  life,  but  whose  appearance  betokened  poverty  and  misery,  entered  the  Grantham-arms,  Dyer-street,  Leeds,  and  having  called  for  a  pipe,  sat  down  moodily  by  the  fire.  After  sitting  thus  for  ten  minutes,  the  man  put  a  poker  into  the  fire  , STYLE=superscript  and,  when  it  had  become  red  hot,  took  it  out,  and  knocked  :it  ecir  a  pruo  g  rsaefo  a  il  i  pnlf  n  omt  s  asa  t  s:  t  l  he  floor  to  remove  any  excrescence  on  it.  He  then  deliberately  put  the  red  hot  end  of  the  poker  down  his  throat.  His  tongue,  throat,  and  under  lip,  will  very  much  burnt,  from  the  effects  of  which  he  died  'set  Friday.  The  only  information  that  can  be  gained  about,  the  deceased  is,  that  his  name  is  Thomas  Barker,  and  that  he  came  from  Bolton,  in  Lancashire.  Au  i  nq  uest  was  held  on  the  body,  when  a  verdict  was  returned—that  Thomas  Barker  died  from  the  effect  of  the  burns  which  he  had  wilfully  caused  on  himself;  but  there  was  no  evidence  to  satisfy  the  jury  as  to  the  state  of  his  mind.  THIS  LADIES'  LAW  OF  LEAP  YEAR.--It  may,  perhaps'  be  interesting  to  all  young  ladies  who  are  not  already  aware  of  the  fact,  to  know  that  leap  year  empowers  them  to  do  something  more  than  pop  the  question?'  I  am  informed  by  a  fair  friend,  that  if,  in  the  course  of  th  0 STYLE=superscript  proposal,  she  es7shuwhegihegeoheo  suggest  s  hdao  :  uut  enhladiepornbethereupon,  pe  yea  r—she  utoweiedvneilmhee  s  an  h  rnos  o  deu  u  lg  l  rf  d  hraon  s  to:o  o STYLE=superscript  ,  e STYLE=superscript  b  f STYLE=superscript  d  an STYLE=superscript  e  a  rs STYLE=superscript  e  c  u STYLE=superscript  l  h  i  i  forgetn STYLE=superscript  e  n STYLE=superscript  l  e  g STYLE=superscript  o  r  he  a  e STYLE=superscript  r  ha STYLE=superscript  e  him  the  gift  of  a  new  silk  dress.  But  to  claim  this  dress  with  propriety,  she  must,  at  the  time  of  asking,  b  e  the  wearer  of  a  scarlet  petticoat;  which,  or  the  lover  of  which,  she  must  exhibit  to  the  gentleman,  who,  by  the  law  of  leap  year,  is  compelled  to  present  to  the  lady  the  dress  that  shall  cover  the  petticoat,  and  assuage  her  dig:.  pleasure  at  the  rejection  of  her  proposals.  Thi  s  it  e  m  of  feminine  folk-lore  may  prove  exceedingly  useful  to  the  male  readers  of  Notthe  Queries,'  in  putting  then?,  upon  their  guard  during  present  leap  year;  for  is  not,  probably,  without  a  determined  significancy  that  the  wearing  of  scarlet  petticoats  is  made  one  of  the  ehie,  novelties  in  ladies'  dresses  fo  r  thi  s  w  i  n  t  er  season.  In  d  e  en  t  it  may  reasonably  be  inferred  that  the  ladies'  law  of  leap  year  is  about  to  be  inflicted  upon  the  gentlemen  in  its  most  expensive  silk.dress  form  ;  and  that  the  assumption  of  these  scarlet  petticoats  is  merely  the  initiatory  step  t  0 STYLE=superscript  a  sterner  process.—Notes  and  Queries.  'Tinted  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLMEI2,  of  21,  OP  O STYLE=superscript  2O  street  `hie  General  Printing  and  Stationery  Eatab  lane  ail  '  South  John-stre.t,  I  ORDAY,  JANUARY  12,  Mt"
