text
"TURKEY  AND  RUSSIA  _  A  telegraphic  despatch  from  Vienna  was  received  in  Paris  on  Friday  night.  It  states  that  the  Porte  had  fixed  the  peiiod  of  four  weekS  as  that  at  which  the  evacuation  of  the  Prin Principalities  cipalities Principalities  should  take  place.  Such  a  term  as  four  weeks  is  scarcely  credible.  •  VIENNA,  Oct.  7.—lt  is  stated  that  the  Turkish  Embassy  has  received  the  declaration  of  war,  which  PARIS,  OCT.  8.-  is,  however,  contingent  on  the  non-evacuation  of  the  Principalities  within  a  certain  term—said  to  be  four  weeks:  There  is  a  panic  on  'Change.  CO7s.ISTANTINOPLE,  SEPT.  28.—Two  envoys  have  arrived  from  the  Circassians,  with  the  object  of  de demanding  manding demanding  assistance  against  the  Russians,  and  of  _  _  _  combining  a  plan  of  operations  on  that  side  should  hostilities  commence.  The  same  excitement  that  has  so  long  prevailed  still  exists,  and  the  cry  for  war  against  the  invaders  of  the  Ottoman  territory  is  unanimous.  The  Sophtas,  or  students,  the  Hadjis,  the  professors,  and  the  Ulemas,  are  still  exerting  themselves  to  keep  up  the  enthusiasm  against  the  Russians,  but  which  has  no  need  of  such  a  stimulus.  ST.  PETERSBURG,  SEPT.  26.  —A.  ukase  of  the  Emperor  of  •  Russia  has  just  forbidden  any  young  man  under  t*enty-one  years  of  age  from  leaving  the  states  of  the  Czar  under  any  pretence  what whatever.:  ever.: whatever.:  With  regard  to  other  persons,  the  faculty  of  travelling  in  foreign  countries.  is  subjected  to  new  regulations.  THE  REVENUE:  (From  the  Observer.)  The  revenue  returns  for  the  quarter  will  be  made  up  to tomorrow  morrow tomorrow  night  (Monday),  the  10th  of  October,  in  the  usual  Tabular  form,  and  published  on  Tuesday  morning.  Until  the  actual  figures  are  added  up  to  the  latest  day,  it'is,  of  course,  impossible  to  be  precise  in  the  comparlion  of  the  Year  and  Quarter  just  ended,  with  the  corresponding  period  of  1852.  .Enough,  however,  is  already  known  to  enable  us  to  state  that  the  result  of  the  comparison  will  be  in  every  respect  eminently  satisfactory.  In  spite  of  large  reductions—or,  as  it  would  now  althost  seem,  in  consequence  of  these  reductions—all  those  sources  of  Revenue  in  particular,  that  are  moved  . STYLE=superscript  by  the  springs  of  industry  and  trade,  seem  to  become  more  and  more  elastic  and  enlarged  by  every  successive  removal  of  restrictions.  It  is  precisely  in  those  Departments  of  the  Publie  Revenue,  where  the  largest  reductions  have  been  made,  that  the  greatest  increase  is  to  be  found.  Even  the  abolition  of  the  whole  items  of  *taxation,  such  as  the  Soap  Tax—seems  to  be  met  with  an  increased  consumption  of  other  exciseable  articles  on  the  part  of  the  population  most  affected  'by  the  repeal,  who  are  thus  enabled  to  increase  their  comfort  in  every  way,  and  still  to  contribute  their  due  share  to  the  public  burdens.  The  continuous  success  of  the  impreved  commercial  policy  of  late  years  is  the  best  test  of  its  wisdom,  and  the  highest  encouragement  to  proceed  further  boldly  on  the  same  path.  The  Revenue  for  the  year  ending  this  10th  of  October  will  exhibit  a  'considerable  increase  over  the  year  ending  10th  of  October,  1852.  This  improvement  in  the  year  will  show_  a  large  increase  upon  the  sum  total—whilst  almost  every  particular  item  of  taxation  will  contribute  its  share  to  the  general  result.  The  Income  of  the  Quarter,  too,  notwithstanding  the  reduc reductions  tions reductions  which  have  been  in  full  force  during  the  last  three  months,  will  exhibit  an  increase  upon  the'corresponding  Quarter  of  last  year.  The  increase,  if  not  so  large  as  the  somewhat  exaggerated  statements  that  have  been  prematurely  put  forth  in  unauthorised  quarters,  is  certainly  not  to  be  overlooked.  It  will  be  all  the  more  gratifying,  as  atone  time  a  contrary  result  was  looked  upon  as  the  natural  effect  of  the  very  large  reduc reductions  tions reductions  of  the  last  session.  Both  on  the  year  and  on  the  quarter  the  bulk  of  the  increase  will  be  found  to  proceed  from  the  departments  of  the  Customs  and  the  Excise.  There  will  be  a  small—probably  a  merely  nominal  Decrease  in  the  Assessed  Taxes  ;  but  if  so,  it  will  be  owing  rather  to  the  accidental  state  of  the  collection  than  to  other  causes.  Some  old  stamp  duties  repealed,  and  waiting  fur  the  new  reductions,  to  come  into  operation  to-morrow,  have  no  doubt  lessened  the  receipts  from  that  source  in  the  last  quarter.  The  total  abolition  of  the  Soap  Duties,  which  produced  £12,000  a  year,  the  repeal  of  the  Advertisement  Duty  upon  Newspapers,  the  reduction  upon  Posting  and  Carriage  Duties  and  other  items,  have  to  be  taken  into  account,  iff  estimating  the  receipts  of  the  Inland  .  Revenue  Department.  In  the  teeth  of  these  losses  it  is  most  gratifying  to  see  the  Excise  exhibit  a  decided  increase.  Nothing  can  more  clearly  demonstrate  the  satisfac satisfacfactory  factory satisfacfactory  condition  of  trade,  and  the  enjoyment  of  comforts',  and  ••  even  luxuries,  by  the  great  bulk  of  the.  industrious  population.  •  The  increase  in  the  Customs,  too,  is  most  satisfactory,  when  we  take  into  account  the  numerous  reductions  made  in  the  very  last  Session  alone,  in  addition  to  those  that  were  made  before,  during  the  last  ten  or  dozen  years.  The  next  Session  will  probably  see  the  smaller  items,  that  still  remain,  struck  off  altogether.  The  Revenue  has  not  suffered  in  anything  like  the  estimated  amount,  by  the  reductions  in  the  Tea  and  Sugar  Duties,  which  have  given  such  general  relief.  Some  portion  of  the  Quarter's  Increase,  to  be  sure,  may  be  attribu attributed  ted attributed  to  the  increased  importation  of  Grain,  which  assists  the  Customs'  Revenue  to  some  extent,  even  at  the  nominal  im impost  post impost  of  Is.  per  quarter.  Upon  the  whole  it  may  be  confidently  stated,  that  all  branches  of  the  Revenne  are  understood  to  be  in  a  most  prOsperous  condition;  and  that  on  a  Balance  of  receipt  and  expenditure,  a  very  considerable  surplus  will  remain,  in  spite  of  all  reductions  of  taxation,  and  in  the  face  of  the  not  inconsiderable,  but  essential,  additions  made  to  our  expenditure  for  the  necessary  purpose  of  perfecting  our  National  Defences.  THE  CLIPPER-SHIP  GUIDING  STAR  PUT  ON  FOR  AMERICA.—This  beautiful  clipper,  purchased  a  few  weeks  aoo  by  Messrs.  Miller  and  Thompson,  for  the  Golden  of  Australian  Packets,  has  in  consequence  of  the  con contemporary  temporary contemporary  lull  in  the  commerce  with  that  quarter  of  the  World,  been  put  on  to  make  one  trip  to  New  Y(  rk  with  goods  and  passengers.  Her  beautiful  model  and  fittings  have  been  frequently  alluded  to,  and  we  have  no  doubt  she  will  go  out  a  full  Should  she  be  at  all  favoured  with  fair  winds,  we  feel  assured  her  voyage  will  aston  ish STYLE=superscript  even  the  go-ahead  natives  of  the  United  States:  Ind,  at  any  me  Yankees  rate,  her  presence  at  New  York  will  convince STYLE=superscript  that  ' STYLE=superscript  Britishers  can  also  build  clippers  to  whip  creation"
