text
"EASTERN  WAR.  PARTS,  THURSDAY.  —A  private  letter  from  St.  Petersburg,  of  the  19th,  affirms  that  the  exchange  of  the  ratifications  of  an  offensive  and  defensive  treaty  between  the  governments  of  the  Shah  of  Persia  and  Russia,  took  place  on  the  evening  of  the  18th  inst.  At  Constantinople  it  was  expected  that  in  the  meeting  of  the  Divan  on  the  22nd,  the  question  of  an  armistice  would  be  negatived.  The  refusal  to  renew  the  old  treaties  in  any  way  whatever  is  not  positive,  and  hopes  of  negoci negociations  ations negociations  are  consequently  entertained  at  Vienna.  It  is  stated  that  the  Ulemas  had  refused  to  sup supply  ply supply  the  Turkish  Government  with  the  amount  of  money  they  require,  if  a  loan  cannot  be  raised  abroad.  The  restrictions  imposed  on  the  importations  of  raw  Cotton  from  Great  Britain  are  abolished.  With  respect  to  Yarn,  no  change  will  be  made  at  present.  Onessa.—Telegraphic  advices  report  an  extraor extraordinary  dinary extraordinary  rise  in  the  Wheat  market,  on  the  24th,  coupled  with  very  extensive  transactions.  Freights  also  advanced.  The  movement  may  probably  be  attributed  chiefly  to  the  firmness  of  prices  iu  this  country  and  in  France,  but  it  may  also  have  been  partly  owing  to  the  receipt  of  further  news  on  the  war  question.  THE  BOURSE  dull  at  the  opening;  closed  with  a  rise.  There  was  a  rumour  of  the  Sultan  having  authorised  Redschid  Pasha  to  negociate  for  peace.  Threes  closed  at  74f.  30c.  ;  Four-and-a-half  per  Cents.,  1011.  THE  MINISTRY.  MEETING  OF  PARLIAMENT.  At  the  Council,  on  Thursday,  Parliament  was  Prorogued  from  January  3rd,  to  Tuesday,  Janu January  ary January  the  31st,  then  to  meet  for  dispatch  of  busi business.  ness. business.  AUSTRALIAN  MAILS.—The  London  mails  of  Feb.  4 STYLE=superscript  th,  will  be  despatched  by  the  screw  steamer  Bosphorus.  THE  ARMY.—  The  Herald  hears  in  every  quarter  that  there  is  nothing  but  confusion  at  the  Horse  Guards.  Other  resignations  are  talked  of.  In  fact  such  is  the  state  of  things  there,  that  nothing  but  a  change  of  the  head  of  the  department  can  restore  order,  and  place  matters  on  a  proper  footing.  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLMER,  of  21,  Oxford  Street,  at  his  General  Printing  and  Stationery  Establishment,  19,  South  John  Street,  Liverpool.  FRIDAY,  DECEMBER  30,  1853.  P9_TB00014 SECOND  EDITION•  [BY  ELECTRIC  TELEGRAPH.]  Northern  Daily  Times  Ofifce,  Eight  o'clock,  a.m."
