text
"GENERAL  REMARKS.  The  attention  of  all  classes  has  been  so  much  occupied  throughout  the  past  year,  with  the  varying  phases  of  the  war,  that  its  commercial  operations  have  not  been  watched  and  discussed  with  the  usual  care,  and  hence,  probably,  the  difference  of  opinions  entertained  as  to  its  results.  On  this  account,  and  still  more,  as  being  our  first  entire  year  of  active  warfare,  it  may  not  be  uninteresting,  briefly,  to  pass  in  review  some  of  our  leading  articles  of  import  and  distinct  trades.  Our  last  annual  circular  closed  with  this  remark,  t  , STYLE=superscript  we  look  forward  with  confidence  to  1855  being  a  more  prosperous  year  Nnth  the  commercial  class  than  the  and  such  undoubtedly  has  been  the  fact.  In  1854,  nearly  every  leading  article  of  import  lost  money,  indeed,  it  was  a  worse  year  to  the  merchant  than  was  prudent  to  admit— admitloss  loss admitloss  was  the  rule  and  profit  the  exception—in  the  last  year,  the  reverse  has  happily  been  the  cage.  To  begin  with  cotton,  the  import  into  the  country  has  been  the  largest  on  record  (2,277,000  bales)  with  the  single  exception  of  1852—two 1852—twothirds  thirds 1852—twothirds  of  which  has  probably  left  a  profit,  in  some  instances  a  very  large  one,  to  the  importer,  and  we  close  the  year  with  the  smallest  stock  since  1847,  giving  a  consumption  of  over  40,000  bales  per  week.  Sugar,  so  disastrous  in  its  re results  sults results  to  importers  in  1854,  has  been  a  highly  satisfactory  trade,  and  during  the  latter  part  of  the  year  has  left  large  profits  from  whatever  quarter  imported.  Coffee  has  given  a  better  result  on  importations  than  in  1854,  both  from  Brazil  and  Ceylon,  indeed  must  be  classed  as  good.  Tea  forms  the  only  exception  amongst  our  leading  imports,  on  which  the  loss  has  been  heavy  ;  and  what  makes  the  fact  the  more  annoying  is,  the  enormous  amount  of  bullion  sent  out  for  the  purchase  of  these  teas,  to  the  serious  detri detriment  ment detriment  of  our  money  market.  Silk  has  probably  done  harm  rather  than  good,  with  small  exceptions.  Indigo  has  paid  handsome  profits  to  the  inaportef,  both  to  this  country  and  to  France.  Wool,  both  from  Australia  and  Bombay,  has  given  a  good  return  on  a  large  import.  Timber  :  Probably  in  no  article  is  the  contrast  of  th  e  t  wo  years  so  mar  k  e  d  as  in  this,  the  one  being  as  successful  (deals  excepted)  as  the  previous  year  was  disa  s  t  rous  .  Th  ose  articles  also,  more  directly  influenced  by  the  war,  which  were  noted  as  paying  well  in  1854,  have  done  so  again  in  1855,  such  as  tallow,  hemp,  and  linseed,  whilst  the  African  trade,  which  was  then  remarked  upon  as  being  probably  the  most  prosperous  of  the  year,  has  again  retained  a  front  rank.  If  we  refer  to  particular  trades,  we  find  the  American  good,  North  American  or  Canadian  the  same,  South  American  (Brazil  and  West  Coast)  satisfactory  ;  Calcutta  a  remarkably  good  year,  Bombay,  Ceylon,  Batavia,  end  Mauritius  all  good  taken  as  a  whole,  China  and  Australia  forming  the  excep exceptions.  tions. exceptions.  Mediterranean,  more  particularly  the  Levant,  i  a  trade  which  a  few  years  since  seemed  almost  extinct,  s  now  most  flourishing—indeed  the  Gold  of  the  Allies  is  creat creating  ing creating  an  opening  at  Constantinople  and  the  neighbouring  districts,  immense  in  extent,  and  likely  to  be  far  more  last lasting  ing lasting  than  the  War  out  of  which  it  has  originated,  and  even  the  trade  with  the  Raltic,  though  of  course  much  reduced,  has  not  been  without  its  profits.  Amongst  our  Home  Trades  there  has  been  great  activity,  notwithstanding  the  war  and  the  high  price  of  food;  probably  the  most  prosperous  has  been  the  Irou  Trade.  The  make  has  far  exceeded  any  former  year,  and  yet  the  consump consumption  tion consumption  and  export  have  kept  pace  with  it  ;  no  doubt  the  stimulus  given  to  iron  shipbuilding  by  the  demand  for  steam  transports.  and  the  large  contracts  for  the  munitions  of  war  have  greatly  contributed  to  this  result.  Its  ally,  the  Coal  Trade,  stimulated  by  the  same  causes,  has  been  little  inferior  in  results.  The  Manchester  Manufacturers,  it  is  true  have  not  had  a  successful  year  ;  the  price  of  cotton,  coupled  with  the  high  rates  of  money  preventing  them  working  to  profit,'and  had  it  not  been  for  the  unprecedented  demand  for  Turkey,  stocks  must  have  accumulated.  The  Silk  Trade  has  also  been  unremunerating,  but  the  Woollen  Manufacturers  have  prospered  in  nearly  allbranches,  far  more  so  than  in  1854.  The  Shipping  Interest  has  had  another  good  year,  except,  perhaps,  in  cotton  freights.  Last  not  least,  the  Agriculturists  cannot  complain  ;  and  the  labour  of  the  nation  was  never  more  fully  occupied  or  better  paid.  From  the  foregoing  remarks  it  must  be  admitted  that  1855  will  rank  amongst  the  prosperous  years  of  this  country,  and  that,  not  confined  to  one  class  in  particular,  but  widely  disseminated STYLE=superscript  through  the  community.  What  its  successor  may  prove,  it  is  impossible  even  to  conjecture  —  peace  or  war  will  mainly  determine  its  character.  One  thing,  however,  in  its  favour,  is  the  certainty  of  a  most  abundant  supply  of  cotton,  the  best  guarantee  of  a  large  trade  and  safe  prices,  though  we  confess  we  do  not  look  forward  to  the  coming  year,  with  so  much  confidence  as  we  did  the  last,  simply  because  of  the  deranged  state  of  the  Money  market,  and  the  higher  range  of  valve  attained  by  many  articles.  Great  caution  is  imperative.  HIDES.  (nom  the  Circular  of  Messrs.  Tristram  Since  we  had  the  pleasure  of  addressing  you,  at  this  time  last  year,  the  hide  and  leather  :trade  has  been  more  or  less  in  a  continual  state  of  excitement,  produced  by  various  causes;  the  result  of  which  is  that  both  hides  and  leather  have  considerably  advanced  in  value,  the  former  to  the  extent  of  20  to  25  p  er  cen  t.,  an  d  th  e  latter  about  15  to  n  p  irsnet  e  aga  r  dtue  c  ?  e  rgoe  n  urd  t  tt  hf  e  e  o  v  i  rsn  e  ug  r  i  t  po  l  ahlvyeae  has  been  m  r  eh  r  eei  e  nnd  n  te  t  sb,  p  pr  toi  r  . STYLE=superscript  uniurcdgpe  brought  sth  t  e  ewsa,eb  greato  v  bu  e  o  t  both  m  hgp  o  ur  n  oai  t  nfn  b  et  s  wii  pt  b  hya  ail  which  hy  k.  of  1  by  yac  ttthi  This  the  together  have  been  sufficient,  even  in  the  face  of  the  pressure  on  the  money  market  and  the  dearness  of  food,  to  raise  prices  to  the  extent  we  have  mentioned.  The  stocks  on  hand,  of  both  hides  and  leather,  have,  invariably,  within  the  last  year  been  exceedingly  low,  and  at  times  quite  inadequate  to  the  wants  of  the  trade  ;  but  buyers,  influenced  by  the  state  of  the  money  market,  have  generally  acted  with  great  caution;  the  advance  has  therefore,  been  gradual  and  not  sudden,  and  attaches  to  it  a  stability  which  rapid  advances  do  not  bear  with  them.  The  present  position  of  the  Tanning  and  Leather  trade  is  one  of  momentous  importance  to  all  engaged  in  it;  Raw  Hides  having  attained  a  value  higher  then  has  been  known  within  the  last  25  years.  We  :commence  the  present  year  with  both  the  raw  material  and  manufactured  article  at  exceedingly  high  rates,  and  it  is,  therefore,  chiefly  to  the  prospect  of  events  for  the  current  year  that  all  are  particu particularly  larly particularly  interested.  It  seems  to  be  admitted  by  all  that  the  present  high  prices  are  mainly  owing  to  the  war  in  which  this  country  is  now  engaged.  The  requirements  for  army  purposes  are  large,  both  for  Raw  Hides  and  Leather,  and  this  occurring  at  a  time  when  the  supplies  of  Foreign  Hides  are  below  the  average  of  the  last  five  years,  (as  will  be  seen  on  reference]  to  our  tables  annexed)  naturally  produces  a  scarcity,  and  consequent  advance  in  price.  Apart  from  the  question  of  the  war,  the  present  state  of  the  general  trade  of  the  country  is  antagonistic  to  high  prices  of  Leather— Leathermoney  money Leathermoney  is  scarce  and  dear,  provisions  higb,andwilolle  have  a  r  e  uoperativespon  in  the  manufacturing  districts  not  ful  l STYLE=superscript  y  employed  ;  this  st  a  t  e  of  things  is  principally  produced  by  the STYLE=superscript  war,  and  it  i  s  on  l  y  by  a  termination  of  hostilities  that  w STYLE=superscript  e  can  expect  an  improvement  in  our  position,  — STYLE=superscript  and  the  main  question,  therefore,  is  what  effect  a  return  to  peace"
