text
"IRELAND  [FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  ZIU  N,  SATURDAY.  •  BREACH  OF  CONTZACT.  Anderson  v.  the  Chester  and  Holyhead  Railway  Company.  This  case  came  on  in  the  - STYLE=superscript  Common  Pleas  yester yesterday.  day. yesterday.  It  was  an  action  of  assumpsit,  brought  by  Henry  Anderson,  the  well-known  horse-dealer,  carrying,  on  business  in  this  city,  to.  recover  com compensation  pensation compensation  from  the  defendants,  the  Chester  and  Hclyhead  Railway  Company*,  for  an  alleged  breach  of  contract,  1,)37  - STYLE=superscript  which  he.  complained  of  having  sus sustained  tained sustained  considerable  damage  through  the  injury  of  fifteen  horses,which  they  contracted  to  carry  within  a  specified  time  from  Dublin  to  Chester.  .  Fitzgibbon  stated  the  case,  which  was  briefly  as  follows  :—lt  appeared  that  in  the  month  of  February  last,  the  plaintiff  having  formed  the  invention  of  bringing  some  valuable  .  horses  from  this  country  to  the  fair  of  Shrewsbury,  which  was  held  on  the  Ist  of  March,  went  to  the  office  of  the  Chester  and  Holyhead  Railway  Company  on  the  Nfirth-wall  in  this  city,.  and  entered  into  an  agree agreemant  mant agreemant  with  them  to  convey  15  horses  for  him  from  Dublin  to  Holyhead  by  one  of  their  ,  boats,  the  on  the  night  of  the  28th  of  February,  and  on  to  Chester  the  following  morn  ing  by  the  nine  o'clock  train.  The  plaintiff  said  it  was  absolutely  necessary  that  his  horses  should  go  by  that  steamer  and  by  that  train,  and  on  the  terms  that  they  were  to  be  conveyed  by  them  .he  paid  171.  10s.  for  their  conveyance,  and  on  paying  it  told  the  company's  clerk  to  take  care  and  have  horse  boxes  ready  on  their  arrival  at  Holyhead.  This  occurred  early  on  the  day  that  the  horses  left  Ireland  :  but  on  Mr.  Anderson's  arrival  in  Holy Holyhead  head Holyhead  with  the  horses,  he  found  that  there  were  no  boxes  ready  for  him  to  go  on  with  his  horses  by  the  nine  o'clock  a.m.  train,  nor  were  there  any  to  .  be  had  until  the  seven  o'clock  pan.  train,  the  result  of  which  was  that  he  did  •not  reach  Shrewsbury  until  four  o'clock  on  the  morning  of  the  fair,  when  it  .was  found  that  the  horses,  which  were  very  valuable  (and  varied  in  price  from  301.  to  601.),  were  all  more  or  less  deteriorated  from  fatigue,  &amp;c.,  and  were,  consequently,  not  in  good  saleable  order.  The  alleged  deterioration  in  the  value  of  the  horses  was  considerable,  and  the  loss  sustained  the  plaintiff  'was  from  1001.  to  2001.  at  the  very  lowest  calculation.  Mr.  Anderson  was  examined,  and  deposed  to  the  several  facts  stated  by  dounsel.  Several  other  witnesses  were  examined  to  corroborate  him.  Mr.  Brereton  addressed  the  jury  for  the  defendants.  He  contended  that  the  railway  company  never  undertook  -to  convey  those  horses  except  on  the  usual  terms  they  convey  everything,  which  was  subject  to  unavoidable  accidents  and  delays  They,  rio  doubt,  were  paid  for  carrying  .  Mr.  - STYLE=superscript  Ander Anderson's  son's Anderson's  horses,  and  would  have  sent  them  on  by  the  nine  o'clock  a.m.  train  on  the  29th  of  February  if  they  could,  but  they  had  not  the  means.  A  special  contract  was  relied  on  to  convey  them  by  that  particular  train  ;  but  he  (Mr.  Brereton)  was  in instructed  structed instructed  that  no  such  contract  was  ever  entered  into  ;  and  the  receipt  giVen  to  the  plaintiff  for,  the  money  he  paid  stated  on  the  back  of  it  the  condition  upon  which  they  relied  for  a  verdict,  namely,  that  they  conveyed  them  subject  to  accidental  delays.  The  case  was  then  adjourned  to  this  day,  when  Messrs.  Binger,  Massingberd,  Jones,  and  other  officials  of  the  company  were  examined  'for  the  defence.  The  case  had  not  concluded  up  to  that  hour.  .  KELLY  V.  BIRCH.—EMBEZZLEINMNP.—This  case  came  to  a  rather  untimely  conclusion  in  the  Queen's  Bench.  yesterday.  Counsel  for  the  plaintiff  .  re  quested  to  have  the  case  postponed,  on  account  of  Mr.  Murphy,  a  material  witness,  being  absent  in  London.  He  had  gone  there  to  secure  the  attendance  of  some  others  also,  as  soon  as  the  prosecutrix  knew  that  the  trial  was  fixed  for  that  day.  The  Chief  Justice  refused  the  application,  unless  the  applicant  would  pay  the  costs  of  the  day.  On  this  being  declined,  the  court  said  it  was  evident  that  it  was  all  a  sham,  and  insisted  that  the  trial  should  be  proceeeed  with.  No  evidence  was  then  offered  against  the  traverser,  and  he  was  acquitted.  You  may  possibly  understand  the  meaning  of  this  when  it  is  stated  that  in  the  Chancery  proceedings  Birch  hes  filed  an  affidavit,  in  which  he  says  that  he  believes  himself  to  be  the  , STYLE=superscript  son  of  Mrs.  Kelly.  The  whole  affair  is  now  in  course  of  compromise.  CROTTY  v.  DOWLING  --The  circumstances  con connected  nected connected  with  this  case  were  again  the  subject  of  ar argument  gument argument  in  the  Consolidated  Chamber  yesterday.  It  appeared  in  the  course.  of  a  very  lengthened  dis discussion,  cussion, discussion,  that  prior  to  the  month  of  March,  1852,  the  plaintiff  had  drawn  two  bills  on  the  defendant  for  his  accommodation,  both  for  £350,  which  were  discounted  in  the  Carlow  branch  of  the  Tipperary  bank,  and  subsequently  renewed.  The  plaintiff  was  security  to  the  bank  for  these  bills  ;  the  de defendant  fendant defendant  executed  a  bond  and  warrant  of  attorney  to  the  plaintiff,  and  he  (plaintiff)  promised  that  as  soon  as  the  bills  were  handed  to  him  he  would  sa satisfy  tisfy satisfy  the  judgment.  In  the  month  of  July,  1852,  the  defendant  was,  according  to  his  allegation,  waited  upon  by  the  plaintiff  and  others,  to  solicit  his  vote  for  Mr.  Sadleir,  M.P.,  at  the  election  for  Carlow,  promising,  as  the  defendant  alleged,  re renewals  newals renewals  of  his  bills  in  the  bank;  this  the  defendant  refused  to  do,  and  said  he  would  vote  for  the  other  candidate.  Mr.  Edward  Lawlor,  who,  it  ap appeared,  peared, appeared,  was  entrusted  with  the  confidential  business  of  Mr.  Sadlier,  brought  from  Dublin  a  writ  of  ex execution,  ecution, execution,  directed  to  the  sheriff  of  Carlow,  at  the  suit  of  Daniel  Crotty,  and  on  foot  of  the  bond  and  judg judgment  ment judgment  on  this  writ  the  defendant  was  arrested,  On  the  23d  of  August  the  defendant  was  discharged  from  that  arrest  by  Judge  Crompton.  The  case  now  came  before  the  Court  of  Exchequer  an  a  mo motion  tion motion  to  discharge  the  defendant  on  a  secend  execu execution,  tion, execution,  on  the  grounds  that  he  could  not  be  arrested  twice  on  foot  for  one  judgment,  and  that  . STYLE=superscript  the  parties  opposed  to  him  had  been  influenced  by.the  illegal  and  unconstitutional  motives  of  depriving  him  of  his  right  to  vote  at  the  election.  The  case  was  discussed  on  both  sides  with  much  ability,and  as  the  subject  partook  of  a  political  aspect  the  auditory  was  in  a  great  measure  composed  •  of  persons  who  might  be  supposed  to  be  attracted  by  such  proceedings.  The  court  did  not  pronounce  any  opinion  upon  the  question,  but  directed  an  issue  to  the  jury  to  try  certain  questions  of  fact  which  will  be  arranged  by  counsel  on  both  sides.  The  case,  it  is  understood,  will  come  on  for  trial  at  the  after.  sittings  before  the  Chief  Baron,  and  will  be  tried  by  a  special  jury  ;  Dowling  being  plaintiff  and  Lawlor  defendant.  Pending  those  proceedings,  a  the  arguments  and  reference  to  the  affidavits  read  on  the  motion,  might  have  the  effect  of  prejudicing  the  minds  of  the  jurors  who  will  try  the  case,  and  was  prohibited  by  the  court.  IMPORTANT  RAILWAY  CASE.-The  Court  of  Chan Chancery  cery Chancery  was  occupied  during  the  whole  of  yesterday.  with  the  petition  of  Turner  v.  the  Belfast  Junction  Railway.  The  question  for  argument  was,  whether  a  railway  company,  after  proving  in  bankruptcy  for  the  amount  of  calls  due  to  them  on•  shares,  calls  made  before  the  bankruptcy  •of  the  owner  of  the  shares,  and  after  receiving  payment  of  the  dividend  in  the  bankruptcy  matter  on  those  shares,  could  insist,  as  against  the  assignee,  upon  being  paid  the  difference  between  the  amount  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  calls  and  of  the  dividend,  and  in  default  of  such  payment,  hold  the  shares  as  forfeited.  The  facts  of  the  case  upon  which  the  - STYLE=superscript  foregoing  question  arose  were  as  follow:  —lt  appeared  that  a  Mr,  Higginson,  of  Liverpool,  the  owner  of  a  large  number  of  shares  in  the  rail railway  way railway  company,  having  become  a  bankrupt,  when  three  or  four  calls  were  due  on  his  shares,  the  respondents  came  - STYLE=superscript  into  the  Court  of  Bankruptcy  with  his  other  creditors,  and  proved  for  the  amount  of  their  demand,  which  was  a  large  one,  and  were  subsequently  paid  the  dividend  they  were  entitled  to,  amounting  to  £1,300:  A.,cOnsiderable  tiMehav tiMehaving  ing tiMehaving  then  elapsed,  and  the  company's  shares  having  risen  in  value,  the  petitioner,  as  the  assignee  of  Mr.  Higginson,  tendered  the  full  amount  of  - STYLE=superscript  the  calls  which  accrued  due  subsequent  to  the  bankruptcy,  and  claimed  to  be  entitled  to  the  value  of  the  shares,  whatever  they  were  worth  ;  but  the  respondents  de declined  clined declined  to  accept  the  tender,  unless  they  were  .also  paid  a  sum  of  £4,000  to  £5,000  in  addition,  being  the  difference  between  the  amount  of  the  dividend  paid  to  them,  and  the  amount  of  the  calls  due  prior  to  the  bankruptcy.  The  case  stands  for  Sudginent.  Major-General  MacDonald,  who  made  himself  so  remarkable  during  the  insurrection  of  '4B,  met  with  an  accident  on  Friday,  whilst  out  with  the  Kilkenny  hounds,  which  threatens  to  result  fatally.  His  leg  has  been.broken  in  two  places,  and  being  a  man  very  much  advanced  in  years,  it  is  hardly  hoped  that  he  will  recover.  The  inquest  on  the  body  of  Moylan,  the  man  killed  in  the  late  affray  at  Moate,  was  brought  to  a  conclusion  on  Wednesday,  when  a  verdict  of  man-"
