text
"SALFORD  TOWN  COUNCIL  An  adjourned  quarterly  meeting  of  the  Salford  Town  Council  was  held  in  the  Council  Chamber,  Town-Hall,  Salford,  on  Wednesday  morning.  The  chair  was  occupied  by  his  Worship  the  MAYOR  (William  Ross,  Esq.)  LLOR  T  The  TOWN-CLERK  having  read  the  minutes  of  proceed proceedings  ings proceedings  at  the  last  meeting,  proceeded  to  read  two  letters  from  Mr.  Councillor  Thompson  (who  had  been  recently  elected  councillor  for  St.  Stephen's  Ward),  in  one  of  which  he  begged  to  resign  the  office  of  ward-assessor  for  Blackfriars'  Ward,  and  in  the  other,  resigning  his  office  of  councillor  for  St.  Stephen's  Ward.  Mr.  'Councillor  SANKEY  moved  that  the  resignations  of  both  offices,  held  by  Mr.  Thompson,  be  accepted.  Mr.  Councillor  HOLMES  seconded  the  resolution.  Mr.  Alderman  HEELIS  apprehended  it  was  a  question  whether  the  council  should,  under  the  circumstances,  take  any  notice  of  the  matter.  Mr.  Thompson  had  placed  him himself  self himself  in  the  position  which  he  occupied,  and  the  question  was,  whether  he  should  not  be  left  to  act  as  he  thought  proper,  in  order  to  get  rid  of  the  difficulties  by  which  he  was  surrounded,  without  the  intervention  of  the  council.  But  probably  the  town-clerk  would  give  some  explanation  of  the  matter.  Mr.  Councillor  SANKEY  said,  probably  the  gentlemen  present  would  remember  that  Mr.  Thompson  stated  at  the  first  meeting  after  the  election  (on  the  Ist  of  November),  that  he  had  made  inquires  as  to  the  position  he  (Mr.  Thompson)  occupied.  According  to  the  advice  of  the  town townclerk,  clerk, townclerk,  the  accept  ince  of  the  office  of  ward-assessor  for  Black Blackfriars'  friars' Blackfriars'  Ward  did  not  disqualify  Mr.  Thompson  from  being  elected  a  councillor  for  any  ward  in  the  borough.  But  it  appeared  from  some  further  inquiries  Mr.  Thompson  had  made,  that  the  information  he  had  received  from  the  town townclerk  clerk townclerk  was  not  correct—at  least,  so  he  was  informed  by  his  own  legal  adviser,  and  the  course  which  Mr.  Thompson  has  taken  was  recommended  by  his  legal  adviser  The  TowN-CLERK  iid  it  was  usual  to  ace  ept  the  re resignation  signation resignation  of  a  Councillor,  when  certain  circumstances  had  arisen,  such  as  illness  of  the  councillor,  his  being  about  to  leave  the  town,  or  difficulties  connected  with  pecuniary  matters,  and  so  on.  And  if  Councillor  Thompson  had  sent  in  Rimnly  of  tha  a  pffice  of  councillor,  then  it  would.  have  been  uneterstooa  b  1111  1 STYLE=superscript  /  b  ell  avuiu  difficulties  ;  but  the  question  was,  why  did  he  send  in  his  resignation  of  the  office  of  assessor  for  Blackfriars'  Ward,  a  new  election  for  which  would  put  the  council  to  additional  expense.  He  would  advise  the  council  to  accept  the  resig resignation  nation resignation  of  Mr.  Thompson  as  councillor,  under  the  circum circumstances  stances circumstances  in  which  he  was  placed.  But  it  was  quite  a  differ different  ent different  matter  with  regard  to  the  acceptance  of  the  resignation  The  MAYOR  :  No  reason  has  been  assigned  in  either  of  the  notices  for  the  resignation.  The  TOWN-CLERK  :No  ;  but  a  reason  has  been  indicates  as  to  the  reason  why  the  office  of  councillor  has  been  resigned.  '  Mr.  Councillor  SANKEY  said,  Mr.  Thompson  asked  the  town-clerk  whether  his  being  ward-assessor  would  disqualify  him  from  being  elected  councillor  for  any  of  the  wards  in  the  borough,  and  the  town  clerk  gave  Mr.  Thompson  to  understand  that  the  acceptance  of  the  office  of  ward-assesor  would  not  interfere  with  his  acceptance  of  the  office  of  councillor,  if  elected  to  that  office  by  any  of  the  wards  in  the  borough.  And  believing  that  what  the  town-clerk  told  him  was  in  accordance  with  the  act  of  parliament,  he  accepted  the  office  of  councillor,  to  which  he  was  elected  by  the  burgesses  of  Blackfriars'  Ward  ;  but  finding  from  his  own  legal  adviser  that  that  information  was  incorrect,  he  had  resigned  the  office  of  councillor."
