text
"COURT  OF  CHANCERY.-TUESDAY.  (Before  the  Lord  Chancellor  and  Lords  Justices  of  Appeal.)  POWLES  V.  HARGREAVES.  This  was  an  appeal  from  a  decree  of  the  Vice-Chancellor  Stuart.  The  bill  was  filed  by  William  Poles,  one  of  the  registered  public  officers  of  the  Liverpoolßanking  Company,  for  a  declaration  that  the  company  was  entitled  to  a  sum  of  £8,500,  the  produce  of  the  sale  of  goods  applied  to  the  pay payment  ment payment  of  bills  drawn  in  anticipation  of  the  receipt  of  those  goods,  and  that  they  were  also  entitled  to  share  in  a  com composition  position composition  of  Bs.  in  the  pound,  for  the  balance  dne  on  such  bills,  along  with  the  general  creditors  of  an  insolvent  estate.  The  sole  question  in  the  cause  was,  whether  the  case  of  Ex  parte  Waring,  in  19th  Vesey,  applied  to  a  case  of  actual  in insolvency,  solvency, insolvency,  as  well  as  to  a  bankruptcy,  or  judicial  insolvency.  In  1847,  George  and  Joseph  Hargreaves  and  Thomas  Platt  carried  on  business  as  merchants,  in  co-partnership  together,  at  Liverpool,  Manchester,  and  Shanghai  in  China.  Their  course  of  trade  was  for  George  Hargreaves  to  purchase  at  Manchester,  goods,  upon  condition  that  they  were  to  be  consigned  to  the  firml  at  Liverpool,  and  shipped  to  the  firm  at  Shanghai,  for  sale.  George  Hargreaves  charged  £1  per  cent.  commission  for  his  exclusive  benefit,  and  the  firm  guar guaranteed  anteed guaranteed  the  sale  of  the  goods  at  a  commission  of  71.  10  per  cent.,  and  with  the  produce  the  firm  purchased  other  goods,  to  remit  to  England  at  a  commission  of  £2  10s.  per  cent.  To  prevent  the  necessity  of  cash  advances,  the  firm  used  to  draw  bills  upon  their  customers  for  .  the  price  of  the  goods,  which  they  accepted;  and  these  bills  were  then  handed  to  the  original  sellers  of  the  goods  in  payment,  or  discounted,  and  the  money  so  employed.  There  was  a  further  under understanding  standing understanding  that  the  goods  sent  back  from  China  should  be  in  the  hands  of  the  firm  as  security  for  George  Hargreave's  commission,  and  to  the  firm  itself  for  the  amount  of  the  bills  so  drawn  by  them.  In  December,  1847,  a  joint  fiat  in  bankruptcy,  was  issued  against  the  firm,  and  a  separate  fiat  against  George  Hargreaves  ;  but  subsequently  a  deed  of  arrangement  was  entered  into  with  their  creditors,  by  which  the  bankruptcies  were  annulled  and  their  property  vested  in  trustees  for  their  creditors.  William  Budd  Prescott,  the  acceptor  of  some  of  the  bills  of  exchange,  died  without  leaving  assets  to  answer  them,  but  not  being  judicially  bankrupt  or  insolvent,  and  the  bills  were  now  in  the  hands  of  the  plaintiffs,  the  Liverpool  Banking  Company,  unpaid.  A  large  quantity  of  goods  arrived  during  the  year  1848  at  Livorpool,  onningnPd  llv  the  China  house  to  the  English  firm  of  Hargreaves  and  Co.,  on  aceouw.  or  Witham  Budd  Prescott,  in  return  for  goods  sent  out  to  them  at  China  on  the  like  account,  and  such  goods  had  since  been  sold,  and  the  proceeds  received  by  the  trustees  of  the  before-men before-mentioned  tioned before-mentioned  creditors'  arrangement  deed.  Under  these  circum circumstances,  stances, circumstances,  the  present  suit  was  instituted  by  the  registered  public  officer  of  the  Liverpool  Banking  Company,  to  have  the  produce  of  such  goods  applied,  in  the  first  place,  in  pay payment  ment payment  of  the  bills  of  'William  Budd  Prescott  then  remaining  in  the  hands  of  the  banking  company.  The  Vice-Chancellor  conceiving  the  case  to  be  entirely  governed  by  that  of  parte  (19  Ves.,)  decided  by  Lord  Eldon,  decreed  in  favour  of  the  equity  claimed  by  the  bill.  The  appeal  of  the  defendants  being  from  the  whole  decree,  the  case  of  the  plaintiffs  was  first  opened.  Mr.  J.  Russell,  Mr.  Daniel,  and  Mr.  H.  Clarke  appeared  for  the  plaintiffs;  Mr.  Wigram,  Mr.  Rolt,  and  Mr.  Smythe  for  the  appellants.  Their  LORDSHIPS,  without  calling  for  a  reply,  gave  judg judgment,  ment, judgment,  and  said,  that  the  Court  had  felt  no  difficulty  in  com coming  ing coming  to  the  conclusion  that  the  decision  of  the  Court  below  was  substantially  correct  and  in  conformity  with  the  princi principle  ple principle  laid  down  in  Waring,'s  case.  An  objection  had  been  raised  that  the  present  case  ought  not  to  be  determined  by  Lord  Eldon's  judgment  in  that  case,  inasmuch  as  the  prin principal  cipal principal  ingredient—namely,  a  double  insolvency  —was  want wanting.  ing. wanting.  It  was  quite  clear,  however,  that  Prescott,  although  not  adjudicated  an  insolvent,  was  not  able  to  pay  his  debts,  and  therefore  the  same  equity  must  arise  as  if  he  had  been  declared  an  insolvent.  As  to  the  Hargreaves,  the  creditors'  composition  deed  expressly  defined  that  the  property  coming  to  the  trustees  under  it  was  to  be  dealt  with  by  them  in  the  same  way  as  if  the  bankruptcy  had  not  been  annulled.  What  would  have  been  the  rights  of  the  plaintiffs,  supposing  that  the  bankruptcy  had  not  been  annulled,  and  the  property  in  question  had  been  sold  by  the  assignees  instead  of  by  the  trustees  ?  Without  doubt  they  would  have  been  entitled  to  present  a  petition  in  bankruptcy,  as  creditors,  to  have  the  bankrupt's  estate  duly  administered  ;  and  in  no  other  way  could  such  estate  be  duly  administered  than  by  the  payment  of  these  bills.  It  would  be  a  disgrace  to  the  administration  of  justice  if  there  should  be  any  doubt  of  such  being  the  right  course  to  pursue.  The  plaintiffs  were  therefore  clearly  en entitled  titled entitled  to  have  the  proceeds  of  the  sale  of  the  goods  applied  in  payment  of  the  bills,  so  far  as  they  would  extend,  and  to  prove  against  the  estate  of  the  Hargreaves  for  the  deficiency.  Appeal  dismissed.  A  NARROW  ESCAPE.—A  gentleman  was  found  in  a  state  of  partial  intoxication  in  the  streets  of  Limerick  the  other  day,  and  was  brought  to  the  William-street  station  by  Sub Subconstable  constable Subconstable  Delay.  Upon  searching  him  a  sum  of  £1,346  in  notes  was  found  on  his  person.  AN  AMERICAN  AmAzoN.—A  melancholy  affair  occurred  in  this  county,  about  eight  miles  from  the  city,  on  the  Bards Bardstown  town Bardstown  turnpike,  on  Saturday  morning.  A  man  named  Christian  G.  Martinf  had  been  teaching  there  and  engaged  CIL-,  -  reside  there.  Martin  had,  in  fact,  obtained  the  marriage  license.  Afterwards  he  determined  not  to  marry  her,  and  to  screen  himself  from  the  consequences,  presented  a  paper  to  her  for  signature,  in  which  she  was  charged  with  having  exercised  the  grossest  improprieties.  She,  of  course,  refused  to  sign  it.  Martin  and  a  brother,  of  Miss  Shaw  then  got  into  a  fight  on  the  road.  Shaw  drew  a  pistol,  which  Martin  attempted  to  wrench  from  him,  and  it  went  off  accidentally,  the  ball  entering  in  front,  near  the  shoulder  of  the  latter,  and  lodging  in  the  back.  Miss  Shaw,  unconscious  that  Martin  was  wounded,  then  jumped  the  fence,  walked  up  to  him,  and  shot  him  in  the  side.  Ile  died  in  about  15  minutes,  though  it  was  thought  that  the  first  wound  would  have  caused  his  death.—Louisville  Journal.  LAMENTABLE  RESULT  OF  CARELESSNESS.—The  famous  picture  gallery  of  Mr.  Thomas  Baring,  M.P.,  in  Grosvenor Grosvenorstreet,  street, Grosvenorstreet,  with  all  its  valuable  treasures  of  art,  narrowly  escaped  entire  destruction  a  few  days  since,  owing  to  the  in inexcusable  excusable inexcusable  carelessness  of  a  servant,  who,  having  entered  one  of  the  drawing  rooms  for  the  purpose  of  closing  the  shutters,  placed  his  candle  in  such  a  position,near  one  of  the  shutters,  as  to  set  it  on  fire  after  he  left  the  apartment.  The  fire  was  not  discovered  until  some  time  subsequently,  when  the  room  in  which  it  originated,  as  well  as  two  others  of  the  same  suite,  had  attained  the  heat  of  a  furnace,  all  the  pic pictures  tures pictures  on  the  walls  had  become  blistered,  and  almost  every  article  of  furniture  had  been  destroyed.  Most  fortunately,  the  gallery,  and  all  the  drawing-rooms  of  the  suite  had  been  only  dismantled  a  few  days  previous,  and  the  only  pictures  remaining  on  the  walls  were  those  of  modern  artists.  The  valuable  ancient  Italian  and  Spanish  pictures,  for  which  this  collection  is  so  remarkable,  had  been  removed  from  the  walls,  and,  being  stacked  close  up  together  in  one  corner  of  the  gallery,  they  have  scarcely  suffered  any  damage  from  the  heat.  The  same  remark  will  apply  to  the  Belgian  and  Dutch  works,  of  which  there  are  many  almost  priceless  specimens.  The  pictures  which  have  suffered  most  are,  happily,  the  works  of  living  artists,  whose  services  may  be  obtained  in  their  restoration.  Sir  Edwin  Laiadseer's  Travelled  Monkey  is  among  the  few,  modern  pictures  that  have  escaped.  The  collection  was  insured,  for  about  £30,000,  —scarcely  a  tithe  of  its  value—chiefly  in  the  Globe-offices.  Mr.  Baring  is  stated  to  have  borne  his  mis misforutne  forutne misforutne  with  remarkable  composure.  The  finest  specimen  in  England  of  Murillo's  on  the  is  in  this  collection.  LORD  CAMPBELL  ON  CORPORATE  REFORM  :  —At  the  city  banquet  on  Wednesday  evening,  in  acknowledging  the  toast  of  The  Chief  Justice  of  the  Court  of  Queen's  Bench,  and  the  Lord  Campbell  said  that  some  persons  had  talked  as  if  the  result  pf  the  present  commission  of  in inquiry  quiry inquiry  into  the  corporation  of  London  would  be  the  aboli abolition  tion abolition  of  that  corporation.  He  hoped,  however,  that  no  such  result  would  follow,  but  that  in  the  reign  of  Albert  the  Tenth  the  monarch  would  be  invited  to  receive  the  loyal  hospitalities  of  the  city  of  London.  (Cheers  and  laughter.)  If  the  Corporation  were  to  be  removed  at  one  fell  swoop,  he  thought  a  greater  sensation  would  be  created  among  the  Courts  of  Europe  than  would  be  caused  by  any  other  politi political  cal political  event  (a  laugh);  for  when  tney  heard  that  the  office  of  Lord  Mayor  was  abolished  they  would  believe  that  a  revo revolution  lution revolution  had  indeed  commenced.  (Cheers  and  laughter).  He  would  remind  his  noble  friend  (Lord  J.  Russell)  that  when  the  general  measure  of  corporation  reform  was  proposed,  he  (Lord  Campbell)  wished  to  include  the  corporation  of  London,  for  he  believed  that  to  reform  whatever  abuses abusesexisted  existed abusesexisted  would  be  true  Conservatism.  (Hear,  and  cheers).  Such  reform  ought,  however,  to  be  cautious,  safe,  and  gradual.  He  had  been  glad  to  learn  that  before  the  com commission  mission commission  of  inquiry  was  appointed  the  corporation  had  them themselves  selves themselves  offered  every  facility  for  the  investigation  (cheers),  and  he  trusted  the  result  would  be,  not  to  destroy  the  cor corporation,  poration, corporation,  but  to  place  it  upon  a  more  firm  and  satisfactory  basis.  (Cheers).  CONSECRATION  OF  THE  NEW  AFRICAN  BlSHOPS.—Wed BlSHOPS.—Wednesday,  nesday, BlSHOPS.—Wednesday,  the  30th  inst.,  has  been  appointed  for  the  consecration  of  the  Rev.  Dr.  J.  W.  Colenso,  of  St.  John's  College,  Cam Cambridge,  bridge, Cambridge,  bishop  designate  of  Natal,  and  the  Rev.  Dr.  John  Armstrong,  of  Lincoln  College,  Oxford,  bishop  designate  of  Graham's  Town-  The  consecratincr  prelates  will  be  the  Archbishop  of  Canterbury,  the  Bishop  of  London,  the  Bishop  of  Oxford,  and  the  Bishop  of  Norwich,  and  the  sermon  will,  in  all  probability,  be  preached  by  the  Bishop  of  Cape  Town.  It  has  not  yet  been  definitively  settled  whether  the  consecration  shall  take  place  in  Lambeth  church  or  in  Westminster  Abbey.  Dr.  Colenso  intends  leaving  England  early  in  December,  for  the  purpose  of  making  an  extensive  visitation  of  his  diocese,  and  will  return  to  England  in  the  course  of  next  summer  to  inform  the  Church  at  home  of  the  requirements  of  the  see  of  which  he  is  to  have  the  episcopal  supervision.  He  intends  paying  a  visit  to  all  the  Zulu  chiefs,  in  order  to  ascertain  from  them  what  are  his  probabilities  of  being  enabled  to  civilize  and  Christianize  them.  Dr.  Armstrong,  the  new  Bishop  of  Graham's  Town,  intends,  after  making  due  provision  for  the  Church  already  planted  in  the  colony,  to  direct  his  attention  to  the  Kafirs,  who  have  long  been  a  most  lawless  and  rebellious  race,  and  who  were  recently  subjugated  by  the  force  of  British  arms.  Both  the  new  bishops  are  men  of  great  learning  and  energy,  and  both  have  had  much  experience  as  parish  priests,  Dr.  Colenso  having  been  rector  of  Forncett  St.  Mary,  Norfolk,  and  Dr.  Armstrong,  vicar  of  Tidenham,  Gloucestershire,  prior  to  their  nomination  to  the  respective  dioceses  of  .Natal  and  Graham's  Town,  which  they  are  now  about  to  fill.  THE  CABINET  MINISTERS  AT  THE  LORD  MA•YOR'S  BANQUET.  Most  of  Her  Majesty's  ministers  were  present  at  the  ban banquet  quet banquet  at  Guildhall  on  Wednesday  evening,  on  the  occasion  of  the  inauguration  of  the  Lord  Mayor.  The  LORD  MAYOR  having  proposed  the  Army  and  Navy.  Sir  JAMES  GRAHAM  was  received  with  great  applause.  He  said  :  It  gives  me  great  pleasure  to  be  called  upon  in  my  official  capacity  to  return  thanks  before  this  distinguished  company  on  behalf  of  the  British  navy,  and  the  only  assur assurance  ance assurance  I  can  give  you  in  answer  to  your  compliment  is  the  assurance,  trite  but  true,  that  whether  in  war  or  peabe  the  British  navy  will  always  be  ready  to  do  its  duty.  If  war  should  be  imminent,  and  an  enemy  be  found  to  insult  the  British  flag,  the  British  navy  I  am  sure  will  always  be  ready  to  resent  it.  It  is  the  duty  of  the  British  navy,  in  concert  with  the  allies  of  this  country,  to  uphold  the  observance  of  treaties  as  the  best  security  for  peace.  (Cheers.)  Another  thing  the  British  navy  is  always  ready  to  perform—it  will  always  protect  the  commerce  and  the  trade  of  this  coun country,  try, country,  which  is  the  life  and  the  strength  of  the  British  nation.  As  I  have  the  honour  on  this  occasion  to  represent  the  British  navy,  to  whom  I  am  sure  your  approbation  will  give  great  encouragement,  I  again  beg  leave,  on  their  behalf  to  return  you  my  most  hearty  thanks.  (Loud  cheers.)  The  LORD  MAYOR  (after  proposing  The  health  of  the  Lord  who  briefly  returned  thanks)  said  they  were  on  that  occasion  honoured  with  the  presence  of  many  of  Her  Majesty's  Ministers  (cheers),  and  among  them  the  head  of  a  Government  which,  it  was  well  known,  had  ex exerted  erted exerted  itself  to  the  utmost  to  preserve  the  peace  of  the  world.  (Loud  cheers.)  The  most  unwearied  endeavours  had  been  made  by  the  Cabinet  to  maintain  the  peace  of  Europe  and  of  the  world  at  large,  and  he  had  much  pleasure  in  proposing  The  health  of  the  Earl  of  Aberdeen  and  Her  Majesty's  (The  toast  was  received  with  loud  cheering.)  The  Earl  of  ABERDEEN  rose  to  respond  to  the  toast.  The  noble  earl  said,—My  Lord  Mayor,  I  have  to  return  you  my  sincere  thanks  for  the  very  flattering  manner  in  which  you  have  proposed,  and  in  which  this  company  have  re received  ceived received  the  health  of  my  colleagues  and  myself.  Perhaps  it  is  not  too  much  to  hope  that,  with  regard  to  persons  in  our  situation,  a  favourable  construction  at  least  may  be  placed  upon  our  motives  and  intentions  in  the  discharge  of  our  duty.  (Cheers.)  It  is  true  that  we  are  the  servants  of  the  Crown  •  and  happily,  in  these  days,  such  service  is  not  in incompatible  compatible incompatible  with  the•  most  sincere  desire  to  promote  the  wel welfare,  fare, welfare,  the  happiness,  and  the  prosperity  of  the  people.  (Cheers.)  Notwithstanding  the  prosperous  condition  of  this  country  in  all  its  great  interests,  and  the  wonderful  advances  that  have  been  made  in  every  department  of  art,  science,  and  industry,  I  am  quite  aware  that  much  yet  remains  to  be  done,  the  success  of  which  may  be  promoted  by  Her  Ma Majesty's  jesty's Majesty's  Ministers.  Much  improvement—much  reform—in  the  condition  of  the  people,  whether  social,  moral,  or  poli political,  tical, political,  is  demanded.  I  know,  my  Lord  Mayor,  that  much  is  expected  from  us  by  the  country,  and  I  hope  we  shall  be  found  ready  and  willing  to  answer  to  the  call.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  In  a  country  such  as  this,  and  in  an  age  of  civilisation  like  that  in  which  we  live,  these  are  the  real  triumphs—these  are  the  glories—to  which  any  Government  ought  tar  aspire.  (Cheers).  I  trust  that  nothing  will  happen  to  impede  or  to  check  the  progress  of  those  improvements  and  of  that  re reform  form reform  which  I  so  ardently  desire  to  see  effected.  (Hear,  hear).  They  can  only  be  successfully  carried  out  by  the  continuance  of  that  tranquillity  which  we  have  so  long  enjoyed  (Cheers),  and  in  the  absence  of  all  disturbing  causes,  whether  foreign  or  domestic.  (Renewed  cheers).  My  Lord  Mayor,  some  time  ago,  when  I  last  had  the  honor  of  being  the  guest  of  your  predecessor  in  office,  I  made  a  declaration,  perhaps  in  the  hearing  of  some  now  present,  that  the  policy  of  Her  Majesty's  Government  was  a  policy  of  peace.  and  cheers).  I  desire,  on  this  oc occasion,  casion, occasion,  to  repeat  that  declaration.  (Renewed  cheering).  I  will  go  further,  and  I  will  say  that  no  other  principle  of  policy  will  ever  be  announced  by  me.  (Cheers).  But,  em emphatic  phatic emphatic  as  these  words  may  be  they  are  not  to  be  under understood  stood understood  as  signifying  the  impossibi  lity  of  war.  On  the  con contrary,  trary, contrary,  we  know  full  well  that  this  cannot  be  the  case  ;  but  they  signify  that,  so  far  as  I  am  concerned,  war  will  never  be  undertaken  by  me  without  reluctance,  and  never  but  when  demanded—plainly  demanded—by  a  due  sense  of  the  honor  and  the  interests  of  this  country.  and  cheers).  This  I  believe  to  be  the  duty  of  English  Ministers.  lam  certain  it  is  the  duty  of  a  Christian  man.  (Cheers).  The  LORD  MAYOR  having  returned  thanks  for  his  health  having  been  drunk,  concluded  by  proposing  The  Earl  of  Clarendon  and  the  House  of  Peers.  The  Earl  of  CLARENDON  begged  to  return  thanks  for  the  honour  conferred  upon  him  in  coupling  his  name  with  the  House  of  Lords.  It  would  ill  become  him,  on  that  occasion,  to  proclaim  the  merits  of  the  body  with  which  he  was  connected,  or  to  defend  them  against  the  attacks  which  had  been  made  upon  them.  He  might,  however,  be  allowed  to  express  his  own  conscientious  opinion  that  the  Home  of  Lords  rendered  great  public  services,  not  alone  by  the  man manner  ner manner  in  which  its  judicial  functions,  as  the  highest  court  of  appeal  in  this  country,  were  performed,  but  also  in  its  legis legislative  lative legislative  capacity.  (Cheers.)  The  speakers  there  might  not  be  so  numerous,  or  their  speeches  so  long,  or  the  debates  so  often  adiourned  as  was  necessarily  the  case  in  tne  outer  house  of  Parliament  ;  but  he  could  say  that  in  the  House  of  Lords  the  public  business  was  performed  with  conscien conscientious  tious conscientious  care,  and  with  an  earnest  desire  to  promote  the  re religious  ligious religious  welfare  and  the  temporal  prosperity  of  every  class  in  this  country.  (Cheers.)  The  days  of  aristocratic  priviliges  were  now  happily  gone  by,  never  to  return,  and  he  believed  the  House  of  Lords.  maintained  its  high  position  from  the  deference  which  it  exhibited  to  public  opinion,  and  from  its  willingness  to  receive  impulses  from  without  upon  all  questions  affecting  the  general  as  compared  with  what  he  might  call  the  class  interests  of  the  country.  (Hear,  hear.)  Thus,  •on  a  recent  occasion,  when  a  great  social,  political,  and  commercial  question  was  under  consideration,  they  had  seen  the  House  of  Lords  laying  aside  what  some  might  call  its  prejudices,  and  others  its  interests,  and  volun voluntarily  tarily voluntarily  deferring  to  the  unmistakeable  wish  of  the  people.  (Cheers.)  Of  this  he  was  sure,  that  there  was  no  body  of  men  more  anxious  to  obtain  and  to  deserve  the  good  opinion  of  their  fellow-contrymen.  (Loud  Cheers.)  The  LORD  MAYOR  next  gave  House  of  coupling  with  it  the  name  of  Lord  J.  Russell,  who,  he  said,  had  secured  universal  respect  from  his  advocacy  of  every  measure  of  public  improvement.  (Loud  cheering.)  Lord  JOHN  RUSSELL  was  received  with  loud  cheers.  He  said  :  If  an  anxious  desire  to  discharge  their  duty,  if  earnest  and  long-continued  endeavours  to  maintain  the  best  interests  of  the  country,  deserve  the  app  ro  bation  of  Englishmen,  then  the  House  of  Commons  was  well  entitled  to  the  compliment  which  it  had  just  received  from  the  Lord  Mayor.  (Cheers.)  Whatever  measure  might  be  proposed  in  that  house,  or  what whatever  ever whatever  might  be  the  views  which  were  at  first  entertained  with  regard  to  it,  either  in  the  house  or  in  the  country,  yet  in  the  end  that  which  most  conduced  to  the  public  welfare  was  sure  to  prevail.  He  attributed  that  to  the  habit  of  free  discussion  which  prevailed  in  the  house.  Cheers.)(  In  the  earlier  part  of  the  proceedings,  the  Lord  Mayor  made  some  illusion  to  the  inquiry  which  was  now  taking  place  into  the  affairs  of  the  corporation  of  the  City.  For  himself,  he  must  say  that,  as  a  representative  of  the  City,  he  was  proud  to  find  that,  when  an  inquiry  was  proposed,  the  authorities  of  the  City,  instead  of  shrinking  from  it,  openly  and  manfully  courted  the  inquiry.  (Ceers.)  He  felt  sure  that  they  would  continue  to  give  every  facility  to  the  prosecution  of  the  inquiry,  and  that  if  there  were  abuses  to  be  corrected—if  there  were  reforms  to  be  made—they  would  be  carried  out  on  the  old  principles  on  which  the  corporation  was  founded,  principles  belonging,  indeed,  to  an  earlier  period  of  their  history,  but  which  were  still  in  vigorous  operation  at  the  present  time—he  meant  the  prin principles  ciples principles  of  free  election  by  the  citizens,  and  of  the  independent  municipal  government.  It  would  be  the  desire  of  the  Gov Govment  ment Govment  to  adapt  the  principles  which  had  come  down  to  them  from  the  feudal  ages  to  the  wants  of  the  more  enlightened  and  civilised  times  in  which  they  now  lived.  He  begged  again  to  return  thanks  on  the  part  of  the  House  of  Com Commons.  mons. Commons.  (Cheers.)  Lord  PALMERSTON,  who  was  received  with  loud  cheers,  said  he  had  received  the  permission  of  the  Lord  Mayor  to  propose  a  toast,  and  when  he  mentioned  it,  and  the  grounds  on  which  he  proposed  it,  they  would  then,  perhaps,  see  why  it  was  that  he  ventured  only  to  call  the  attention  of  a  portion  of  those  who  were  now  in  the  hall  to  its  merits.  Their  distinguished  guest—the  representative  of  the  United  States  of  America—he  ought,  rather,  perhaps,  to  say,  of  their  brethren  on  the  other  side  of  the  Atlantic—with  whom  he  trusted  this  country  would  always  be  able  to  maintain  the  most  friendly  relations  (loud  cheers)—that  distinguished  man,  who,  honoured  in  his  own  country,  had  come  here  to  cement  and  draw  more  closely  the  bonds  of  relationship  between  the  two  countries—  had  stated  the  impressions  made  upon  his  mind  by  the  splendid  scene  he  had  wit witnessed  nessed witnessed  to-day.  He  had  been  struck,  no  doubt,  not  only  by  the  magnificence  of  the  banquet,  but  also  by  the  urbanity  and  courtesy  with  which  the  Lord  Mayor  had  received  his  guests.  He  had  also  been  struck,  he  (Lord  Palmerston)  was  sure,  with  the  blaze  of  beauty  which  surrounded  him  on  every  side,  and  of  which  he  might  say,  without  national  vanity,  and  without  any  offence  to  the  representatives  of  other  countries,  that  it  could  not  be  exceeded  by  any  other  nation  on  earth.  (cheers).  It  was  natural,  while  on  this  sub subject,  ject, subject,  to  turn  to  the  lady  who  presided  over  their  festivities  with  so  much  grace  and  dignity  .  ,  and  he  was  sure  all  the  gentlemen  present  would  join  him  in  drinking  The  Health  of  the  Lady  (cheers).  THE  EAGLE  AS  A  BRITISH  Bum—Notwithstanding  all  the  endless  means  that  are  taken  to  make  the  eagle  cease  to  belong  to  the  list  of  British  birds,  it  is  amazing  with  what  tenacity  the  noble  birds  keep  up  a  respectable  remnant,  even  although  their  ranks  are  thinned  by  at  least  20  in  this  quarter  every  winter.  We  have  just  seen  a  most  splendid  specimen  of  the  sea  eagle  which  was  caught  the  other  day  in  a  trap  at  Strathgarve.  The  extended  wings  measured  7  feet  9  inches  ;  length  of  body,  3  feet  2  inches  ;  weight,  151  b.  ;  the  outstretched  claws  covered  as  large  an  extent  as  a  man's  hand.  Who  would  not  go  a  journey  to  see  such  a  noble  fellow  hooking  a  salmon  from  the  lake,  and  carrying  it  on  his  broad  pinions  to  his  home  among  the  cliffs  ?  —lnverness  Courier.  .  LINDLEY  MURRAY  pronounces  to  be  an  in indefinite  definite indefinite  article  ;  and  we  regret  to  say  that  our  agricultural  experience  of  the  pastseason  leads  us  to  agree  with  that  hay  is  an  indefinite  article  ;  indeed.--Dioyeales."
