text
"COUNTY  COURT,  -  Y  ESTERDAY  The  court  sat  this  morning  at  ten  o'clock.  T  R  EAKSTONE  v.  THEAKSTONE.—The  plaintiff  in  this  case  resides  at  Halifax,  in  Yorkshire,  and  the  action  was  brought  against  his  brother,  a  sharebroker,  residing  in  this  town,  to  recover  the  sum  of  £5  ls.  Od.  The  action  arose  out  of  the  sum  of  Is.,  the  amount  of  a  legacy  bequeathed  to  the  plain plaintiff  tiff plaintiff  by  his  father,  seventeen  years  ago,  the  defendant  being  the  executor  under  the  will.  The  amount  claimed  by  the  plaintiff  was  in  consideration  of  the  trouble  and  expense  to  which  he  had  been  put,  in  employing  professional  services  on  application  for  payment  of  the  legacy.  The  defendant  paid  the  legacy  into  court,  together  with  ls.  11d.  cost.  —  Ai  r  .  WILFORD  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Commis  for  the  defendant.  Mr.  Wuronn  _stated  the  particulars  of  the  case,  and  asked  for  the  whole  amount  of  costs  incurred  in  the  process  which  had  been  issued.—The  JUDGE  at  once  de declined  clined declined  to  comply  with  the  application,  and  expressed  a  hope  that  it  would  be  the  last  time  he  should  be  called  upon  to  try  a  case  for  a  shilling.  There  was  no  pretence  what whatever  ever whatever  for  the  claim  of  £5,  and  the  judgment  of  the  court  must  be  for  the  defendant.  Mr.  Commis  was  not  called  upon  to  address  the  court  for  the  defendant.  His  honour  stated,  that  he  once,  in  another  place,  decided  an  action  brought  to  recover  the  sum  of  Is,  and  he  nonsuited  the  plaintiff;  who  brought  a  fresh  action  for  the  sum  of  9d.  The  pleadings  in  both  actions  were  drawn  by  counsel,  and  the  case  was  ulti ultitimately  timately ultitimately  taken  to  the  Court  above,  at  an  expense  of  £5O  on  each  side.  If  the  plaintiff's  father,  in  the  present  case,  had  left  him  some  relic,  there  miht  have  been  some  pretence  for  the  action,  but  he  (the  judge  did  not  understand  a  person,  who  had  been  cut  off  with  a  bringing  an  action  to  recover  it.  BLAKE  V.  VERDON  AND  CuLLEN—The  plaintiff  is  a  farmer  at  Garston,  and  the  defendants,  Messrs  Verdon  and  Cullen,  cattle  dealers.  The  plaintiff  claimed  £8  18s.  Bd.,  the  value  of  some  hay  sold  to  the  defendants.  The  case  for  the  plaintiff  having  closed,  Mr.  YATEs,  on  behalf  of  the  de defendants,  fendants, defendants,  contended  that  the  goods  had  been  delivered  on  the  defendants'  premises  without  orders,  and,  after  some  con consultation,  sultation, consultation,  the  plaintiff  agreed  to  a  nonsuit,  without  costs,  and  the  defendants  took  the  hay.  CLAIM  FOR  WAGES.--COMMITTAL.  FOR  CONTEMPT  OF  COURT.—Henry  Braidman  Shields,  a  rope-maker,  was  the  plaintiff  in  this  case,  and  Thomas  Malley,  rope-maker,  was  the  defendant.  The  action  was  brought  to  recover  the  sum  of  £1  13s.  Bd.  from  the  defendant,  in  consideration  of  the  services  of  plaintiff's  son,  as  his  apprentice.  The  defendant's  wife  appeared.  The  facts  of  the  case  having  been  heard  on  both  sides,  his  honour  gave  judgment  for  the  plaintiff,  on  which  the  defendant's  wife,  who  had  been  rather  discourteous  to  the  judge  during  the  trial,  called  the  plaintiff's  wife  a  robber  as  she  left  the  court.  The  Jude  :  Officer,  bring  that  wo woman  man woman  back  again  into  court.  The  defendant  having  been  brought  back,  his  honour,  addressing  her,  said  :  Why  did  you  conduct  yourself  in  a  manner  so  disgraceful  to  yourself  and  your  sex  ?  you  ought  to  be  ashamed  of  yourself.—De yourself.—Defendant's  fendant's yourself.—Defendant's  wife  :  She  began  of  me,  your  honour,  and  called  me  everything.  She  said  I  was  a  dirty  slut  as  I  got  to  the  door.—Plaintiff's  wife  :  I  did  not  ;  she  called  me  a  robber.  —Judge  :  Yes  ;  I  heard  her  call  you  by  that  name.  Officer,  take  Mrs.  Malley  and  lock  her  up  ;  and  (addressing  the  woman)  if  you  do  not  conduct  yourself  quietly  until  the  rising  of  the  court,  I  will  send  you  to  Lancaster  castle  for  con contempt  tempt contempt  of  court.  In  a  few  minutes  the  judge  again  ordered  the  woman  to  be  brought  before  him,  and  on  her  re-appear re-appearance  ance re-appearance  she  looked  very  much  distressed—The  judge  :  Madam,  I  am  sure  you  pain  me  more  than  yourself,  that  I  should  have  had  occasion  to  give  you  in  charge  of  an  officer.—Defen officer.—Defendant  dant officer.—Defendant  :  She  commenced  on  me,  and  her  husband  is  continually  annoying  me.—The  judge:  That  is  of  course  very  wrong;  and  if  there  is  any  further  annoyance  on  the  part  of  her  husband  towards  your  husband,  you  ought  to  apply  to  the  police.  lam  very  sorry  that  you  should  have  so  miscon misconducted  ducted misconducted  yourself  in  this  court  ;  you  may  be  discharged.  My  object  in  calling  you  back  was  to  prevent  a  quarrel  in  the  street  by  two  women  who  ought  to  be  respectable.  After  some  further  remarks  from  his  honour  the  parties  withdrew."
