text
"by  neglecting  to  have  made  them  what  - STYLE=superscript  they  are  not  They  have  never  been  taught  their  duty  to  society  Has  society  ever  been  taught  its  ditty  to  them  ?  From  their  tenderest  years  they  have  been  habit habituated  uated habituated  to  regard  the  rest  of  mankind  as  their  avowed  enemies—leagued  against  them'  with  determined  opposition  and  inviolable  hatred.  When  detected  in  acts  of  criminality,  they  are  sent  to  gaol,  which  circumstance  only  tends  materially  to  strengthen  their  previous  impression  -that  every  man's  hand  is  -  _  against  them.  Is  it  any  wonder  then  that  their  hand  should  be  against  every  man  ?  Our  criminal  population  is  the  result  of  the  natural  reaction  of  society;  and  as  long  as  the  causes  predominate,  the  effects  are  sure  to  be  superinduced.  Surely,  we  have  a  right-to  treat  those  mercifully  and  kindly  whose  misfortunes,  miseries,  and  misdeeds  are  in  a  great  measure  attributable  to  our  own  negligence  of  duty  and  culpable  indifference.  Self-interest  might  supply  another  and  an  important  motive  for  changing  our  line  of  policy  with  refer reference  ence reference  to  juvenile  criminals.  This  class  draws  mate materially  rially materially  upon  the  wealth  of  the  nation.  The  mainte maintenance  nance maintenance  of  old  and  the  erection  of  new  prisons,  abstract  an  immense  revenue  out  of  the  public  pocket,  not  taking  into  account  the  cost  of  paying  magistrates  and  supporting  an  enormous  police  force  !  whilst  the  amount  of  property  purloined  is  inconceivable.  It  has  been  calculated  that  in  Liverpool  alone,  the  loss  annually  sustained  by  pilfering  and  plundering  is  not  less  than  .700,0001.  What  a  number  of  Re Reformatories  formatories Reformatories  might  be  supported  on  half  that  amount  !  What  a  number  of  young  offenders  might,  through  such  an  'agency,  be  arrested  in  their  down downward  ward downward  courge  of  crime—be  saved  to  society—and  'made  honest  and  industrious  men  !  The  success  which  has  'already,  attended.  Refor Reformatory  matory Reformatory  Institutions  for  criminal  children  affords  a  strong  argument  in  their  favour,  and  consequently  a  legitimate  motive  for  public  support  and  coin,  billed  effort.  The  Working  Schools  and  Reforma Reformatories  tories Reformatories  at  Mettray,  Redhill,  Birmingham,  and  other  places,  supply  us  with  the  most  gratifying  data..  In  a  volume  of  Minutes  of  the  Committee  of  Council  on  Education,  lately  issued,  we  have  a  summary  of  Repori,s  compiled  by  Inspectors  of  Working  Schools.'  Among  the  rest  stands  that  of  Mr.  CARLETON  TUF TUFNELL,  NELL, TUFNELL,  on  the  Philanthropic  Society's  Reformatory  at  Redhill.  From  it  we  learn  that  the  whole  of  criminal  boys  received,  75  per  cent.  are  reformed,  and  become  honest  and  industrious  members  of  the  community  ;  twenty-five  per  cent.  ••  relapse,  though  several  of  these  eventually  shake  off  The  proportion  of  those  who  relapse  after  quitting  the  Reformatory  at  Mettray  is  reported  to  be  but  fifteen  per  cent.  In  the  House  of  Refuge  at  Edinburgh  out  of  one  hundred  cases  investigated  there  were  seventy  of  complete  refor reformation.  mation. reformation.  In  Germany,  Switzerland,  Holland,  Belgium,  and  France,  where  such  Institutions  are  numerous,  they  have  been  found  to  work  with  still  greater  efficiency.  From  New  York  and  Philadel Philadelphia  phia Philadelphia  the  same  pleasing  information  is  wafted  by  the  Atlantic  breezes  to  our  shores.  In  the  House  of  Refuge  at  the  latter  city  out  of  4,357  criminals  who  entered  in  1849,  no  less  than  three-fourths  had  been  completely  reformed.  The  Earl  of  SHAFTESBURY,  at  the  late  Conference,  entered  into  details  of  successes  supplied  entirely  from  his  own  experience.  ,He  stated  that  several  juvenile  offenders  who  had  boen  reclaimed,  and  subse subsequently  quently subsequently  sent  out  to  Australia,  were  doing  well  in  that  country,  many  of  them  being  in  comfortable  circumstances.  As  a  testimony  of  their  gratitude  one  sent  to  his  Lordship  a  with  a  request  that  it  should  be  appropriated  to  the  support  of  the  School  where  he  got  his  good  instruction.  Another  who  possessed  a  large  flock  of  sheep,  as  a  token  of  esteem  had  one  of  his  finest  rams  called  and  another  cillor  PAYNE  a  name  well  known.  in  connection  with  the  London  Ragged  Schools.  We  are  not  at  all  surprised  that  his  Lordship  should  have  stated  that,.  &#34;'He  fully  and  cordially  believed  from  youthful  criminals  of  the  lowest  and  most  wretched  description,  a  larger  harvest  of  grafi 'grafi'  tude  and  success  would  be  obtained  than  from  the  more  influential  and  better  educated  We  ourselves  have  perused  letters  sent  from  the  Antipodes  to  his  Lordship  by  some  reformed  criminals,  containing  that  breathe,  and  words  that  burn  and  which  certainly  exhibited  a  degree,  of  gratitude  beyond  compare;  affording  undeniable  evidence  of  the  genuine  sentiments  by  which  they  had  been  dictated.  The  evidence  given  by  that  humble  .but  worthy  philanthrOpist,  Mr.  &amp;Lis;  of  the  Birmingham  Reformatory,  before  a  Committee  of  the  House,  is  confirma confirmatory  tory confirmatory  of  all  that  has  been  stated  in  favour  of  derelict  juveniles  —of  their  tractable  manners—impressible  h STYLE=superscript  earts  --facile  dispositions—and  reclaimable  habits.  Here  is  his  testimony  I  recognised  them  as  my  children;  they  looked  upon  me  as  their  father  ;  and  the  latent  power  of  their  souls  being  brought  into  existence,  there  was  every  feeling  that  I  could  expect  from  a  child  towards  me.  I  have  seen  that  all  that  they  did  was  to  strive  to  know  will,  and  that  will  was  their  The  evi evidence  dence evidence  of  Mr.  DE  WITT'CLINTON,  of  New  York,  is  further  confirmatory  of  the  immense  advantages  accruing  to  society,  and  to  the  criminals  them  selves,  from  Reformatory  Institutions.  Neither  the  Country  nor  the  Government  have  any  longer  a  shadow  of  excuse  for  delaying  to  take  up  a  measure  so  prolific  of  advantages.  We  have  done  wrong  by  refraining  to  look  after  our  juvenile  criminal  population—a  very  numerous  class.  When  they  were  found  guilty  of  theft,  we  sent  them  to  gaol  for  a  period,  where  their  morals.  have  been  corrupted  instead  of  improved.  Society  has  made  no.provision  for  thousands  and  tens  of  thou thousands  sands thousands  of  destitute  youths  who  have  scarce  any  other  alteinative  left  but  - STYLE=superscript  to  steal.  If  they  beg  they  are  sent  to  prison  too.  And  where  is  the  difference  ?  If  pOVerty  be  made  a  crime—why  not  robbery  be  made  a  virtue  ?  Such  a  state  of  things,  in  the  words  of  Sir  J.  PAKINGTON,  eminently  unsatis 'unsatis'  factory  and  discreditable,  to  this  great  country.'  How  long  this  disgrace  is  to  continue  depends  , STYLE=superscript  entirely  upon  the  Legislature  and  the  popular  will."
