text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  the  Governor  should  be  called  on  to  be  responsible  fox  work  performed  in  the  Gaol,  if  he  had  no  power  in  the  appOintment  of  the  Clerks  '  or,  at  least,  if  heAvere  not  entitled  to  claim  from  them  some  bond  for  his  own  security  against,  their  making  away  with  any  funds.  He  could  not  see,  however,  why  one  of  the  clerks  employed  by  the  Corporation  might  not  under undertake  take undertake  the  duty  of  colleiting  this  money,  as  due  to  the  Gaol.  The  government  clerks  appointed  for-the  Collection  of  taxes  in  this  or  other  townships  had  a  distinct  duty  to  perform  of  collecting  the  money,  but  they  knew  not  for  what.  If  one  asked  them  what  was  the  amount  upon  which  his  assessment  was  made,  they  would  tell  him  that  they  did  not  know,  and  that  they  were  merely  directed  to  collect  from  him  a  certain  amount  of  pounds,  shillings,  and  pence.  The  best  plan  then  would  be  for  the  Gove  r  n  or  to  hand  over  a  list  of  the  debts  'due  to  the  Gaol  to  the  Treasurer  of  the  Corporation,  and  let  the  Treasurer  employ  those  who  were  already  in  the  service  of  the  Corporation,  to  collect  the  respective  amounts.  He  (Mr.  Gladstone)  could  see  no  difficulty  whatever  in  that  plan.  It  was  very  true  that  the  business  of  the  Governor  of  the  Gaol  was  in  itself  full  of  responsibility,  and  in  point  of  fact,  distinct  from  the  collection  of  accou  n  ts,  hi  s  duty  in  attending  to  the  prison,  and  guarding  the  prisoners  committed  to  his  charge,  was  amply  sufficient  in  itself  to  keep'  employed  a  man  of  very  great  ability.  ,  Hetherefore  hoped  that  this  matter  would  receive  due  consideration  from  the  Council,  because  to  suppose  that  under.  present  circumstances  the  Governor  was  to  go  running  about  the  town,  collecting  his  accounts,  was  quite  absurd  ;  and  they  should  also  recollect  that  it  was  after  he  had  accepted  the  situation  that  he  was  told  that  the  bond  he  was  required  to  sign  was  not  of  the  same  forM  as  that  which  his  predecessor  had  signed.  It  was  high  time,  how however,  ever, however,  that  something  should  be  done  to  protect  the  corpora corporation,  tion, corporation,  and  he  therefore  hoped  that  some  scheme  would  be  de devised,  vised, devised,  such  as  had  been  suggested  by  Mr.  Bennett,  because  it  was  probable  that  if  the  collectijn  were  placed  in  the  hands  of  the  corporation,  one  of  the  staff  might  be  dispensed  with  at  the  gaol.  The  Tow  CLERK  observed  that  the  subject  mentioned  by  Mr.  Gladstone  had  been  under  th  e  consideration  of  the  Committee,  there  being  a  person  in  the  gaol  whose  time  admitted  his  being  employed  in  collection,  it  was  not  thought  desirable  to  make  any  change  until  removal  to  the  new  gaol.  Then;  certainly,  it  would  be  desirable  to  make  a  change  in  the  system.  Mr.  asked  who  was  to  receive  the  small  accoun  paid  into  the  gaol  in  such  sums  as  half  crowns,  and  ow  less.  With  reference  to  what  had  been  said  about  the  bow  Mr.  Jameson  had  no  objection  to  sign  it  himself,  but  h  friend's  would  not  go  bail  for  other  parties  ;  and  it  certain]  was  very  hard  that  he  should  be  liable  for  the  defalcations  others  if  there  should  be  any.  Mr.  TIORNEY,  notwithstndino•  what  had  boen  said,  could  see  no  hardship  in  Mr.  Jameson  being  subjected  to  the  same  thing  as  the  other  heads  of  departments.  With  regard  to  the  appointment  of  the  subordinate  officers,  though  they  were  not  appointed  by  the  Governor,  still  every  repesentation  of  his  was  attended  to,  and  the  dismissal  of  ihe  officers  im immediately  mediately immediately  took  place  on  any  complaint  by  him.  And  if  they  were  to  exempt  Mr.  Jameson  from  the  responsibility  which  attached  to  all  the  other  heads  of  departments  of  the  Corporation,  they  would  take  ,from  hini  that  inducement  to  vigilance  in  the  superintendence  of  his  officers,  which  was  essentially  necessary  that  he  should  have.  Besides,  it  was  not  generally  understood  that  Mr.  Jameson  was  the  cash cashkeeper,  keeper, cashkeeper,  for  every  night  the  money  collected  during  the  day  was  placed  in  his  room,  and  he  was  responsible  for  its  safe  keeping.  The  DEPUTY  MAYOR  observed  that  they  should  also  re recollect  collect recollect  that  it  was  the  wish  of  the  Finance  Committee,  that  Mr.  Jameson  should  take  bonds  frOm  his  subordinates.  The  TowN  CLERK  called  attention  to  the  fact,  that  ox  the  4th  of  August,  1852,  the  Council  resolved,  that  so  far  a:  the  appointment  of  Governer  rested  with  them  Mr.  Jarnesoi  was  appointed  tolhe  situation,  on  his  giving  security,  him•  self  in  £2,000,  and  two  sureties  in  £l,OOO,  or  four  suretiel  in  £5OO  each,  for  the  safe  custody  of  the  prisoners  coin•  mitted  to  his  charge,  and  for  accounting  for  all  sums  o:  money  which  might  be  received  at  the  gaol  ;  and  that  al  fees,  perquisites,  and  other  emoluments,  be  paid  over  to,  anc  accounted  for,  by  the  Governor,  to  the  Borough  Treasurer  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  BIQHA➢S  :  When  was  that  resolution  forwarded  to  Mr.  Jame  Son.  •  The  Towx  CLERK  replied  in  a  day  or  two  afterwards.  Mn.  BIGHAM  wished  to  call  the  attention  of  the  Counci  to  a  matter  connected  with  the  new  gaol.  He  would  no  have  mentioned  it  now,  had  it  not  oozed  out  and  been  talked  of  abroad,  that  there  was  something  wrong  in  connectioi  with  the  new  gaol.  It  was  now  about  six  weeks  ago  sine,  he  had  . STYLE=superscript  received  a  letter,  signed  with  the  writer's  name,  am  charging  some  persons  with  having  mulct  the  Corporation  t,  the  extent  of  £1,500  or  £2,000,  by  supplying  bricks  to  th  new  gaol,  and  taking  credit  for  more  than  was  received.  I  . STYLE=superscript  the  letter  had  been  an  anonymous  one,  he  should  have  take]  . STYLE=superscript  no  notice  Of  it,  but  as  it  had  a  genuine  signature  to  it,  and  was  so  precise  in  the  particulars  it  conveyed,  he  considered  he  Was  bound  to  put  it  into  the  hands  of  the  Chairman  o  the  Committee.  Since  • STYLE=superscript  then,  however,  no  notice  had  bee'  taken  of  the  communication,  though  a  period  of  six  week  had  elapsed  in  the  interval.  The  charge  was  a  very  seriom  one,  and  though  he  knew  nothing  of  the  writer,  still  hi:  statement  of  facts  were  so  precise,'  that  they  were  worthy  0:  consideration.  The  DEPUTY  MAYOR  observed  that  the  matter  was  it  course  of  inquiry  at  the  present  moment.  _  Mr.  Alder  - STYLE=superscript  man  PAILKEI  I.  said  that  the  very  moment  Mr  Bennett's  communication  was  received,  the  surveyor  wa  called  in  and  directed  to  inquire  into  it.  Not  a  momen  was  lost  :  everything  that  the  Committee  could  do,  wa  done,  and  every  information  that  they  would  obtain,  woul(  be  immediately  laid  Council.  Mr.  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE  was  sure  that  the  Com.  mittee  could  not  occupy  six  weeks  in  finding  out  whether  there  was  any  truth  or  not  in  the  charge.  Mr.  HOID.BY  replied  that  as  soon  vas  Mr.  Bennett  put  the  communication  into  his  hands,  he  immediately  put  it  into  the  hands  of  the  Surveyor,  who  considered  it  a  vbry  serious  charge,  and  immediately  proceeded  to  investigate  it.  He  (Mr..  Hornby)  had  only  returned  from  abroad  on  Saturday,  and  he  had  not  time  to  investigate  the  subject,  but  he  was  sure  that  when  a  conclusion  had  been  arrived  at,  it  would  be  communicated  to  the  Council.  Mr.  BIG  um  was  not  at  all  satisfied,  but,  on  the  contrary,  he  had  every  reason  to  be  dissatisfied,  first  for  the  course  adopted  by  the  Committee,  and  secondly  for  the  delay  in  the  investigation.  If  a  given  numberof  bricks  had  - STYLE=superscript  been  supplied,  anda  greater  number  charged  for,  certain  neglect  attached  to  some,  one,  he,  would  say  not  whom,  but  the  intelligence  of  the  Council  would  see  that  it  was  improper  to  place  the  matter  in  theliands  of  the  surveyor.  Mr.  •THOMPSON  'thought  that  the  charge  having  been  made  Six  weeks  ago,  .they  should  now  be  in  a  position  to  state,  for  the  sake  of  the  character  of  the  pa  r  ty  implicated,  whether  or  not  there  was  truth  in  it.  The  TowN  CLanK  said  he  had  heard  nothing  of  this  letter  for  some  time,  and  when  his  attention  was  directed  to  it,  the  affair  was  in  this  position.  The  letter  had  been  re received,  ceived, received,  and  was  in  the  hands  of  the  surveyor,  and  on  being  handed  to  him,  he  (the  Town  Clerk)  wrote  a  letter  to  the  party  charged.  He  received  no  answer,  and  he  wrote  a  se second,  cond, second,  which  after  some  time  _produced  a  letter  froth  a  soli solicitor  citor solicitor  With  that  solicitor  .  he.  had  a  correspondence,  and  hi  was_now.  taking  evidence  on-  the  subject.  •  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  '.  BANNER  remarked  that  the  Gaol  Committee  had  no nothing  thing nothing  to  do  with  this  matter;  it  was  the  business  of  the  Fi-  Mr.  HORNBY  :  In  addition  to  what  the  Town  Clerk  said,  immediately  on  this  information  having  been  communicated  to  the  surveyor,  he  suspended  the  clerk  of  works.  Mr.  R.  GLADSTONE  :  Had  he  found  anything  wrong  on  his  own  personal  inspection  ?  .  .  .  Mr.  HORNBY  :  NO.  It  is  evident  if  any  error  has  taken  place  it  rests  with  the  clerk  of  works.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  matter  then  dropped,  and  the  report  of  the  Com Committee  mittee Committee  was  adopted.  HEALTH  COMMITTEE  The  report  of  this  committee  was  then  read.  It  com comprised  prised comprised  the  amendment  of  the  Sanitary  Act,  and  a  recom recommendation  mendation recommendation  to  apply  to  Parliament  in  the  next  Session,  for  amendments  of  that  Act,  especially  with  reference  to  the  sewerage.  Mr.  Alderman  DOVER  moved  the  adoption  of  the  report,  and,  in  doing  so,  took  occasion  to  observe  that  the  health  of  Liverpool  was  never  in  a  better  condition,  and  that  though  there  were  some  cases  of  cholera  amongst  emigrants  in  the  Workhouse  '  still  the  disease  could  not  be  said  to  have  mani manifested  fested manifested  itself  in  the  town.  Mr.  JOHNSON  seconded  the  adoption  of  the  report.  A  lengthened  discussion  took  place  on  this  subject.  The  queAion  of  Mr.  Rose's  contract  for  the  removal  of  the  night  soil  from  the  town,  being  again  raised.  •  Mr.  Alderman  COOPER  strongly  urged  that  Mr.  Rose  should  be  compelled  to  carry  out  his  contract  at  once  ;  and  observed  that  any  private  person  could  proceed  against  him,  if  he  failed  to  remove  a  nuisance  within  the  time  specified  in  his  contract.  Mr.  R.  GLADSTONE  again  explained  why  Mr.  Rose  could  not.  comply  with  the  exact  terms  of  his  contract,  but  stated  that  the  committee  had  given  notice  to  Mr.  Rose,  that  at  the  end  of  the  current  month,  he  would  be  proceeded  against,  unless  he  strictly  complied  with  the  terms  of  his  contract.  Mr.  Alderman  BENNETT  understood  that  a  deputation  from  the  committee  was  about  to  visit  Edinburgh  and  other  towns,  to  collect  information  with  regard  to  the  prevention  of  nuisances.  He  thought  it  an  expensive  plan,  and  that  the  information  could  be  as  well  obtained  by  letter.  He  should  move  an  amendment  to  that  effect.  Mr.  MCGUFFIE  seconded  the  amendment.  Mr.  WOODRUFF  regarded  the  amendment  as  a  censure  on  the  committee  (no.  no).  Mr.  Alderman  DOVER  also  regarded  it  as  .  such,  and  thought  that  the  attacks  which  were  so  constantly  made  on  the  committee  were  unworthy  of  the  council  and  the  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  from  whom  they  emanated.  Mr.  Alderman  PARKER  and  Mr.  •  BENNETT  denied  that  such  was  their  intention,  and  said  that  they  were  willing  to  give  the  committee  every  credit  for  their  exertions.  .  The  amendment  was  carried  by  15  to  14,  after  which  the  report  was  adopted.  OBSERVATORY  COMMITTEE  The  report  of  this  committee,  which  was  adopted,  com comprised  prised comprised  a  recommendation  that  a  clock  proposed  to  be  erected  by  the  Magnetic  Telegraph  Company,  should  be  worked  from  the  observatory,  so  as  to  give  the  true  time  ;  the  necessary  wires,  §  t  :g.,,being  proposed  to  be,  laid  by  the  company,  free  of  charge  to  the  corporation,  The  report  of  the  gardens  and  Water  Committees  were  also  adopted.  RI  ;AND  MUSEUM  COMMITTEE  The  report  of  this  committee  comprised-Ist.  Recommen Recommendation  dation Recommendation  to  appropriate  sufficient  land.  on  the  north  side  of  shaw's-brow  as  a  site  for  the  public  library  and  museum,  and  to  include  in  any,  improvement  bill  powers  for  the  pur purchase  chase purchase  of  sufficient  land  - STYLE=superscript  east  and  west  of  that  now  belonging  to  the  corporation  there,  2.  Recommendation  that  in  order  to  meet  the  munificent  gift  of  Wm.  Brown,  Esq.,  M.P.,  the  corporation  do  approprito  the  sum  £lO,OOO  out  of  the  surplus  income  towards  the  erection  of  the  building.  Mr.  PicroN,  in  moving  the  adoption  or  the  report,  bore  testimony  to  the  prosperity  and  well-working  of  the  Institu Institution,  tion, Institution,  and  stated  that  before  the  close  of  the  municipal  year,  the  Commsttee  hoped  to  be  able  to  establish,  a  lending  library.  •  Mr;  Avxsox  seconded  the  adoption  of  the  report.  A  brief  discussion  ensued  on  this  report,  as  to  the  most  appropriate  site  for  the  building.  Mr.  HORNBY  suggested  St.  John's  village;  but  Mr,  HODSON  pointed  out  the  innumerable  disadvantages  of  such  a  site,  and,  on  the  other  hand,  the  advantages  of  Shaw's-brow.  Mr.  BIGHAM  said,  that  although  he  was  not  opposed  to  Shaw's-brow,  still  a  better  site  might  be  obtained  (hear,  hear)  ;  but  even  if  the  report  were  adopted  in  its  entirety,  they  would  not  be  bound  to  that  site.  (No,  no).  Mr.  GLADSTONE  should  like  to  know  how  the  Council  was  to  understand,  the  very  munificent  gift  of  Mr.  Brown— Brownwhether  whether Brownwhether  the  Council  was  at  liberty  to  unite  it  with  the  cor corporate  porate corporate  funds,  or  apply  it  to  _a  distinct  object  ?  Mr.  PicToN  replied,  that  in  the  first  instance,  Mr.  Brown  intended  it  for  a  special  object,  the  erection  of  a  library  ;  but  finding  that  his  object  would  be  hest  effected  by  co-operation  with  the  Council,  he  did  not  wish  to  stand  in  the  way.  (Hear,  hear).  s  ,  Mr.  GLADSiCONE  observed  that  they  had  not  understood  that  in  the  first  instance.  The  grant  of  the  £lO,OOO  out  of  the  surplus  corporate  funds  was  - STYLE=superscript  unanimously  voted  ;  but  so  far,  the  question  of  the  site  still  remains  open.  The  report  of  the  Hackney  Carriage  CoMmittee  was  adopted.  BATHS  COMMITTEE.  The  report  comprised•farther  .  consideration  of  the.  Baths,  at  George's  Pier,  a  statistical  table  of  the  number  of  bathers'  during  the  year,  compared  with  those  of  past  years.  .  •  Mr.  WAGSTAFF  moved  the  adoption  of  the  report.  Mr.  Alderman  PARKER  seconded  it.  It  might  be  the  last  speech,  he  observed,  he  should  make  at  the  Council,  still,  he  should  stand  up  in  the  cause  of  humanity  to  advo advocate  cate advocate  the  establishment  of  salt  water  baths  for  the  poor.  Mr.  BECKWITH  :  Quite  an  electioneering  speech.  (Laugh (Laughter):  ter): (Laughter):  Mr.  THOMPSON  contended  that  good  salt  water  baths  could  never  be  established  at  the  George's  Dock  basin.  Mr.  TURNER  also  agreed  that  good  salt  water  baths  could  not  be  erected  at  the  - STYLE=superscript  Pier-head,  and  that  it  would  take  more  to  repair  the  present  baths  than  to  erect  new  ones  in  a  much  more  central  position  in  the  town.  The  only  additional  ex expense  pense expense  would  be  the  cost  of  a  large  pump,  and  of  the  pipes,  but  by  that  means  they  would  ever  have  pure  water,  which  they  had  not  now.  Mr.  BECKWMI  concurred  with  Mr.  Turner,  and  ob observed  served observed  that  though  Mr.  Alderman  Parker  said  that  it  might  be  his  last  speech  at  the  Council,  still  he  (Mr.  Beckwith's)  conviction  was,  that  the  worthy  Alderman  made  the  remark,  fully  believing  that  it  would  not  be  his  last  speech,  but  that  he  would  be  returned  by  a  large  and  overwhelming  ma majority.  jority. majority.  (Laughter).  Mr.  BANNER  :suggested  that  Gill-street  market  could  be  converted  with  advantage  into  baths.  _  Mr.  GARDNER  would  object  to  such  an  alteration;  for  if  the  rents  in  the  market  were  lowered,  a  great  benefit  would  be  conferred  on  the  inhabitants  of  the  neighbour neighbourhood.  hood. neighbourhood.  Mu.  TURNER  moved  as  an  amendment,  and  Mr.  Thomp Thompson  son Thompson  seconded,  that  the  report  be  not  adopted.  On  the  votes  being  taken,  the  amendment  carried  by  25  to  6.  A  communication  was  read  from  Mr.  Thomas  Smith,  on  the  part  of  the  inhabitants  of  West  Derby,  praying  that  the  progress  of  the  Water  Works  in  course  of  erection,  be  suspended  until  it  were  proved  that  the  wells  in  the  vicinity  of  the  town  could  not  supply  a  sufficiency  of  water.  The  letter  was  allowed  to  remain  on  the  table.  A  communication  was  also  read  from  Mr.  James  M'Donald,  stating  that  the  injuries  he  had  received  in  the  public  service,  and  praying  that  the  Council  would  be  pleased  to  take  his  case  into  their  consideration.  The  letter  was  referred  to  the  Watch  Committee,  with  a  recommendation  from  Mr.  Bigham  and  Mr.  Thompson,  that  its  prayer,  if  possible,  be  complied  with.  The  TOWN  CLERK  then  read  the  following  notice  of  mo motion,  tion, motion,  which  had  been  given  by  Mr.  Robertson  Gladstone— 'GladstoneTo'  submit  to  the  consideration  of  the  Council  that  inas inasmuch  much inasmuch  as  it  is'  essentially  requisite  to  secure  to  the  members  of  that  body  (so  far  as  the  power  and  'influence  of  the  Council  . STYLE=superscript  extend)  a  free  and  independent  course  of  action  in  the  discharge  Of  their  public  duty;  the  Town  Clerk  be  requested  to  state  as  accurately  as  - STYLE=superscript  recollection  of  the  '  circumstances  will  enable  him  to  do,  the  observations  made  by  Mr.  Councillor  Fernihough,  and  addressed  to  Mr.  Councillor  Robertson  Gladstone,  (with,  if  it  be  the  wish  of  the  Council,  the  replies  of  the  latter)  in  the  hearing  of,  the  Town  Clerk,  and  'within  the  preeints  of  the  Town  Hall,  on  Monday,  the  15th  August,  Mr.  TURNED.  :  Before  Mr.  Robertson  Gladstone  makes  any  reference  to  the  notice  of  motion  which  has  been  read,  I  beg  to  make  a  few  observations.  Mr.  Fernihough  being  unable  to  attend,  in  consequence  of  the  death  of  his  father,  has  requested  me  to  make  an  explanation  which  I  think  will  be  satisfactory  to  the  Council  and  to  Mr.  Gladstone.  'Mr.  Fernihough  felt  himself  aggrieved  by  a  resolution  - STYLE=superscript  of  the  Health  Committee,  of  which  he  conceived  Mr.  R.  Gladstone  to  be  the  author.  The  Council,  however,  having  refused  to  sanction  the  resolution  as  being,  in  their  opinion,  informal  and  irregular,  Mr.  Fernihough  has  authorised  me  to  say,  if  under  the  excited  feelings,  he  has  made  use  Of  expressions  personally  offensive  to.  Mr.  Gladstone,  .he  re regrets  grets regrets  having  made  use  of  those  expressions,  and  he  retracts  them.  (Hear,  heir.)'  Mr.  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE  :  I  hope  I  should  be  the  very  last  to  refuse  to  listen  to  an  explanation  such  as  Mr.  Turner  has  made,  if  it  had  been  dependant  on  the  real  facts  of  the  cage.  Mr.  Turner  should  be  quite  aware  that  the  apology  now  tendered,  as  I  understand  from  Mr.  Fernihough,  does  not  do  that.  lam  not  here  acting  from  any  personal  or  splenetic'  motives.  'I  am  solely  influenced  by  a  sense  of  duty,  and  whilst  I  am  quite  ready  to  receive  a  proper  apology  from  Mr.  Fernihough,  under  all  the  circumstances  of  the  case,  which  I  shall  be  prepared  to  go  into  by  and  by,  I  can cannot  not cannot  consent  to  have  that  apology  dependant  upen  an  if  Therefore,  if  Mr.  Turner  put  the  apology  in  that  form,  ifith  bitter  regret,  I  must  refuse  to  accept  it,  _  _  _  Mr.  TiinNil?.  did  not  see  how  the  apology  depended  on  an  He  said  Mr.  Fernihough.  Mr.  R.  GLA.DSTONE—There  is  the  Mr.  Picrox  :  Let  Mr.  Turner  substantiate  for STYLE=superscript  cc  iv,  .  Mr:  TunivEn:  Well  I  use  the  word  (hear,  hear).  I  do  not  think  there  is  any  difficulty  in  the  matter.  It  was  under  excited  feelings  he  used  the  expressions—he  regrets  having  done  so,  and  he  retracts  them.  (hear,  hear).  Mr.  GLADSTONE  thedwished  to  explain  why  he  had  made  this  subject  not  a  personal  but  a  public  matter,  but  the  Council  thought  that  the  subject  had  better  drop:  TJie,  business  of  the  Council  then  terminated.  THE  CHOLERA  •IN  LIVERPOOL—We  are  glad  to  learn,  that  no  additional  cases  of  cholera,  were  admitted  into  the  workhouse  hospitaldup  to  eight  o'clock  last  night.  Six  deaths,  however,  took  place  in  the  hospital  yes yesterday,  terday, yesterday,  and  the  number  under  treatment  last  night  was  37.  The  report  of  all  the  Medical  Officers  of  districts  concur  in  representing  the  health  of  the  town,  as  in  a  most  satisfac satisfactory•state;  tory•state; satisfactory•state;  -  The  great•  number  of  those  now  in  the?work-  house  cholera  hospital  are  convalescent,  .  .  .  _  CARDINAL  Wiseman  left  London  on  Monday  morning  for  Amiens,  where  a  grand  relicr  22  ious  ceremony  was  to  take  place  yesterday  (Wednesday),  the  translatimi  of  the  relics  of  St:  Theodosia,  from  their  present  resting  place  into  the  celebrated  cathedral  of  that  3ity.  St.  Theodosia  was  a  native  of  Amiens,  who  suffere  d  martyrdom  for  the  faith  more  than  a  thousand  years  ago.  Many  .  prelutes  of  the  Roman  Catholic.  Church  from  France,  England,  Ireland,  Belgium,  and  Switzerland  were  to  be  present  on  the  'occasion.  ARRIVAL  OF  THE  GOLDEN  —Yesterday  morning,  the  United  States  steam-ship  Golden  Age,&#34;'  arrived  in  the  Mersey  from  New  York,  after  a  passage  of  eleven,  days  and  nine  hours.  She  would  have  arrived  here  in  less  time,  had  full  power  been  used.  As  it  was  'she  Made  fourteen  knots  yer  hour  with  much  ease.  As  a  proof  of  the  able  manner  in  which  her  commander,  Captain  Porter,  managed  the  noble  ship,  we  may  state  that  shortly  before  her  arrival  in  the  river,  the  passengers  presented  him  with  a  handsome  testimonial  as  a  token  of  the  attention  he  paid  to  ensure  their  comfort  during  the  passage  from  New  York.  As  already  intimated  in  our  columns,  this  magnificent  vessel  will  shortly  sail  for  Australia,  and  we  cannot  doubt  hat  she  will  have  a  full  complement  of  passengers.  A  lescription  of  the  Golden  Age  has  already  appeared  in  our  olutn  - STYLE=superscript  ns.  The  following  is  alist  of  her  passengers  :  J.  Tasker,  T.  K.  Beecher,  J.  S.  Hewett,  G.  C.  Berger,  E.  Krell*,  W.  H.  Paine,  (Sydney),  L.  Caro,  G.  W.  McKer,  (Sydney),  .  E.  Crapo,  J.  S.  Noyes,  Jabuskir,  A.  Birgendahl,  E.  F.  Engleman  ivifc  and  child,  A.  P.  Coddington,  (Sydney),  R.  0.  Swords,  Dr.  D.  Lowrie,  Miss  A.  'Ellis,  J.  F.  Britain,  (Sydney),  L.  Robinson,  S.  P.  Mackelcan  wife  and  two  children,  A.  Tomb,  J.  Donald  and  Lady,  0.  Hefty,  S.  Onettitte,  J.  Sideway,A.  Abbott,  J.  C.  Long,  S.  L.  Ho  f,  (Sydney),  R.  A.  Phrrish,  B.  Doyle  and  lady,  F.  A.  Shuck,(Sydney),  E.  B.  Insley,  T.  Howie,  A.  Raveneany,  J.  Reland,  T.  Gorham,  J.  Mo  nta-  ...  spre  and  wife,  Miss  E.  Monaigne,  Miss  May,  Steerage,  J.  Smith,  R.  Davis,  J.  Coleman,  P.  Palm.  J.  Stockdorf,  W.  Harmitz,  J.  L.  Ailmzer,  P.  Vagher,  J.  Loutrea,  P.  Rump,  C.  Winter,  C.  Peterson,  C.  Muller,  J.•Schulyd,  B.  Dounilly,  R.  Michael,  C.  P.  McKean,  J.  Phillippee,  B.  Gabene,  V.  Raduer,  J.  Maghee,  J.  Brown,  J.  S.  Villey,  J.  Brown  and  daughter,  A.  King,  J.  Rodgers,  H.  Hughes,_o...T.  P.  'ern',  J.  Gasson,  Di.  liodnellan7W.  Zitzer,  J.  Kelly,  A.  Smallfield,  .  Leiahardt,  J.  F.libtt,  , STYLE=superscript  H.  O'Conner,  W.  Rims  and  lady,  Mrs.  .  Gregson,  Mrs.  Mercie,  Miss  H.  liaviden,  Miss  Forsyth,J,.A  :  Quinn  ad  la  - STYLE=superscript  dy,  Kennedy,  P.  Connelly,  R.  Hood,  C.  H.  Walker,  J.  fansten,  J,  Mezenbach,  A.  Gil,  J.  Wilson.  J.  Mulholand,  J.  Her.  _  _  Nott  and  G.  Friedlander,  J.  Ingham,  J.  Ray,  C.  Wiehnies Wiehniesmkende,  mkende, Wiehniesmkende,  J.  Murphy,  J.  Purdy,  E.  Laloy,  J.  Medoncraft,  D.  J.  ergen,  F.  A.  Brandt,  J.  Morpeth  and  lady,  L.  Carnford  and  lady,  and  2  children,  Miss  O'Connell,  J.  Miss  E.  Mattin,  N.  Fletcher,  R.  Lawson  and  lady,  Mrs.  Mc  Ghissa,  M.  Casson,  J.  Ben Bennett,  nett, Bennett,  M.  Couglin  and  lady,  J.  Mindock,  A.  Holliday,  J.  Hare,  M.  Lany,  W.  Gusts,  J.  Vincent  and  lady,  and  four  children,  S.  Reseach,  J.  Taylor,_P.  Folen,  H.  Christopherson,  A.  Hanson,  J.  Casselly,  J.  Dugan  wife  and  infant,  E.  Flaney,  J.  McCarthy,  R.  Yellin  G.  Wilson,  and  lady,  S.  Cranshaw,  J.  Jamieson,  S.  P.  Binges  and  lady,  U.  Hinde,  B.  Simmons,  Miss  M.  Billy,  A.  Vanlioughtem(Sydney),  W.  R.  Dick.  ett,  J.  Ward,  H.  Trimble,  J.  Gaioni,  E.  Heally,  and  H.  Ahpn.  •  INeIIIGURATION  OF  THE  STATUTE  SRI  ROPART  PEEL  Al  MA.NCHESr  YES'  TE  !WA  Y.  Yesterday,  the  statue  of  Sir  Robert  Peel  at  *.alict  was  inaugurated,  with  great  ceremony.  favourable,  the  proceedings  excited  great  interest,  and  off-with  much  eclat,  the  wareh  ouses  an  d  s  hops  ill  et  street,  Piccadilly,  M  os  l  e  y  s  t  ree  t,  an  d  t  h  e  var  i  ou  s  stye  ii  ii  the  neighbourhood  were  g  aily  d  ecora  t  e  d  w  i  t  h  flap  and  ners  of  various  descriptions,  i  n  h  onour  o  f  the  ulte  r STYLE=superscript  vib  i  occasion.  During  the  cere  mon  y  o  f  i  naugura  tion  '  ,  4  commenced  shortly  after  12  o  '  c  l  oc  k,  th  e  crow  d  on  tne  ic  firmary  grounds,  in  Piccadilly,  Moiley  street,  &amp;C.,  &amp;e. STYLE=superscript  '  0  immense.  Order  was  kept  by  a  strong  body  of  police.  este  statue  which  is  the  first  public  statu  e  ra  i  se  d  i  n  Afauell  D  has  been  erected  on  'the  vacant  ground  in  front  of  0601  firmary,  and  on  the  site  of  the  :pond  which  has  r  oe STYLE=superscript  '  been  removed.  floe  .At  h  - STYLE=superscript  alf:p  - STYLE=superscript  a.st  eleven  o'clock,  the  members  of  the  Cerr.  to  tion  and  'the  members  of  the  Peel  Monument  Comb  assembled  in  the  To  - STYLE=superscript  wn  Hall,  King-street,  from  whic  h STYLE=superscript  I  went  in  procession  to  the  Infirmary  grounds;  in  order  to  present  at  the  inauguration.  The  Mayor  wore  his  f  il  ie  robe  of  office,  as  well  as  the  civic  chain  and  badge  01° STYLE=superscript  th  The  Aldermen  wore  their  scarlet  robes  and  most  of  Councillors  their  robes  of  purple.  Th  e  T  own  Cl  e  rk  ;,,  black  silk  robe.  Amongst  the  gentl  emen  on  the  groundter  noticed—The  Right.  Rev.  the  Lord  Bi  s  h  op  of  Mane%  the  Right  Rev.  the.  Lord  Bishop  of  O  x  f  or  d  the  Right  W.  E.  Gladstone,  Chancellor  of  the  E  x  ch  equer;  .  Sir  En  s  Armitage,  Sir  John  Potter,  'Mr.  J.  B  ro  th  er  ton,  - STYLE=superscript  11.1  ) STYLE=superscript  .  ;  .  William  Brown,  M.P.,  and  the  Rev.  Canon  Clifton.  t  ,  l  The  Chancellor  .of  the  Exchequer,  on  reaching  go  ground,  accompanied  by  Mrs.  Glad  s  t  one  ,  severa  l  o  th  e  r  law  and  the  Bishop  of  Oxford,  was  loudly  cheered.  si  The  MAYOR  (Robert  Barnes,  Esq.,)  occupied  a  e  h STYLE=superscript  placed  on  a  temporary  platforin  erected  for  the  occasion'  A  '  The  various  public  bodies  havin  g  arr  i  ve  d  on  the'  g  rou7  t  ,  .  Sir  JOHN  POTTER  .  opened  the  p  rocee  di  ngs  w  i  t  h  a  s°  e  what  lengthy  address,  in  the  c  o  u  rse  o  f  w  hi  c  h  h  e  sa  id  T  o  had  assembled.to  inaugurate  th  e  fi  rs  t  p  u  bli  c  s  t  atue  that  ~,  been  erected  in  Manchester,  whi  c  h  f  ac  t  a  l  one  would,  hecooj  ceived,  be  of  some  little  import  ance  t  o  th  e  communitY,  d  i  deserving  of  some  little  gratul  a  ti  on;  b  u  t  w  h  en  they  were7oi  to  dedicate  to  the  public  their  tribute  to  the  memory  of  °&#34;'  e  jt  'England's  greatest  statesme  n  —(h  ear,  h  ear  )  ;—to  o  ffe  r  tli  ty  meed  of  praise  to  the  memory  of  one  who  once  ruled  y  destinies  of  England;  and'  during  whose  long  career..l  '  was  acknowledged  to  be  the  most  useful  and  enlighte;  of  the  Queen's  subjects,  he  thought  they  would  agree  I STYLE=superscript  i  .  him  that  the  occasion  was  of  s  till  greater  import!,„4  He  congratulated  the  men  of  Lancashire  that  the  dece'7,4  statesman  was  one  of  themselves,  h  av  i  ng  b  een  conueclit,  .  with  this  district,  and  ever  interested  in  the  welfare  off,  inhabitants.--(Cheers.)  Having  refe  rre  d  t  o  th  e  blest  which  had  resulted'  from  th  e  l  a  b  ours  o  f  Si  r  R  o  b  er  t  1 STYLE=superscript  :',1  Sir  John  Potter  observed  that  although  the  0  the  subscriptions  for  each  contribution  had  been  c  e STYLE=superscript  ir  '  limited,  no  individual  having  b  een  ca  ll  e  d  upon  t  o  e  ° STYLE=superscript  ‘  tribute  more  than  twenty  guine  as  t  o  th  e  P  ee  l  monuniro  yet,  in  the  short  space  of  four  day  s  ,  th  e  f  un  d-  amoun  teu  a  i  no  less  than  £3082;  and  that  sum  had  since  been  inercti  to  £5,100;  and  upwards  of  1,057  indi  v  id  ua  l  s  h  a  d  subscriu'o  to  it.  —(Cheers.)  Having  briefly  referred  to  the  .  statueso  the  memory  of  Sir  Robert  Peel  which  had  been  erected  eir  Bury,  Salford,  and  other  places,  he  passed  some  comiums  upon  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  wh°t'it  said,  had  accomplished  what  Mr.  Pitt  had  been  unable  )  achieve  in  •  reference  t  o  th  e  success  i  on  d  uty.  (  Cheek  With  regard  to  the  stat  ue  ,  h  e  comp  li  mented  Mr.  Mars  h  0  the  sculptor,  who  had  so  ably  discharged  his  duty;  aP,  d STYLE=superscript  '  conclusion  in  the  name  of  th  e  P  ee  l  Monument  Connul,  —he  transferred  to  the  mayor,  o  n  b  e  h  a  lf  o  f  t  h  e  municln,  l  o  '  of  the  city  of  Man  c  h  es  t  er  ,  th  e  resu  l  t  of  the  labours  of  V  committee  ?  —trusting  that  it  would  ever  be  maintained  1  the  municipality  as  a  statue  worthy  of  the  town,  a  nd  8.4 STYLE=superscript  ,  0  i  memorial  of  one  of  the  grea  t  es  t  men  whom  England  '  ever  seen.  (Applause.)  •  el  At  this  part  of  the  proceedin  gs  th  e  cover  i  ng  was  reln°o4  from  the  monument,  amid  loud,  general,  and  long-contia  cheering.  When  it  had  subsided,  AO  The  MAYOR  briefly  addressed  th  e  assem  bl  age,  stat  i  n  g  t  g  if  they  regarded  the  statue  as  a  work  of  art,  they  ntus  t STYLE=superscript  o  d  very  much  struck  with  its  elegance  and  completeness  ;  ,  h  ‘  he  had  no  doubt  that  it  would  be  a  l  as  ti  ng  test  i  mon  y  to  i.  1  ,  ability  and  taste  of  its  author,  Mr.  Marshall.  His  welt  referred  to  the  endearing  regard  in  whi  c  h  th  e  name  oc,  Robert  Peel  was  held  by  the  millions  of  his  fellow-coun  t STYLE=superscript  ,  men  ;  and  then  introduced  the  Chancell  or  o  f  th  e  Excha  l STYLE=superscript  o  r  as  his  most  able  and  consistent  supporter  during  his  ard'  l° STYLE=superscript  ,  struggle  for  commercial  freedom.  (Great  che  er  ing.)  ~,0  0  The  Right  Hon.  WILLIAM  EIVART  GLADSTONE  th.ell  .d  .:  forward  amidst  immense  cheering,  and  said—Mr.  P  . STYLE=superscript  f  and  Gentlemen  :  Alth  oug  h  I  have  not  the  title,  alth  o  tt  have  not  the  right,  to  add  ress  you,  which  belongs  to  J  Ole  o  r  Worthy  chief  magistrate,  or  the  title  which  belongs  t° STYLE=superscript  0  gentleman  'who  has  so  ably  discharged  his  trust  to-dtY  a  e  Chairman  of  the  Peel  Monument  Committee,—yet  1  you  will  permit  me  to  say  a  few  words  upon  alp  occasion  of  interest  so  deep,  to  all  thoie  w  ho  i  t  i  e  know  and  really  appreciate  the  character  and  the  acts  °1 STYLE=superscript  „  0  -  late  Sir  Robert  Peel.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  is  not  for  0 STYLE=superscript  1  .  ° STYLE=superscript  J.d  a  , STYLE=superscript  .;  pose,  gentlemen,  of  dwelling  upon  the  kind  and  ise  manner  in  which  the  Mayor,  or  Sir  John  Potter,  was  '  - STYLE=superscript  `'`,  ll  ,l  to  advert  to  myself;  for  I  feel  that  I  should  be  entirely  .i  1  i  a STYLE=superscript  v  l STYLE=superscript  e  to STYLE=superscript  re  g  e STYLE=superscript  e  th STYLE=superscript  ap  er  abl  u  e  nw  of  or  d  tl  w  iy  elli  t  n  o  g  r  u  m  p  ik  on  as  pe  y  rs  ou  o  r  na  f  l  ell  m  ol  a  v  t  -  t  e  e  i  r  tiz  u  e  p  li  o  l  n  :  ,  :  ol  v  occasion  like  this,  and  in  the  presence  of  that  noble  CP,'  ;  ;  ;  ;  which  recalls  to  all'  our  hearts  so  much  that  is  ennobl7,  and  so  much  thats  inaffecting.—(Hear,  hear.)  Air.  3*  and  gentlemen,  this  .is  a,  great  occasion,—it  is  an  eq*  that  tells  of  much..  besides  that  which  it  exhale  , STYLE=superscript  '  the  eye.  .In  the.  first  place,  it  is  i  m  p  oss  ibl  e  no  t  tol  Of  that  there  are  still,  unfortunately,  countries  in  Europet4r  withstanding  the:general  mitigation  of  laws  and  g°  ments,—it  is  impossible  not  to  reflect  that  there  are'  0  0  countries  in  Europe  where,  when  we  speak  on  the'  i  ,y  hand  .of  governments,  and  kings,  .  and  statesmen,  ai-  v STYLE=superscript  e  the  other  hand  .of  .the  .people,  we  speak  of  two,  IW  that  are  adverse  and  alien  to  one  anoth  er  ;  w  ith  ou  t  .$);  pathy,  without  a  conscientiousness  of  th  eir  comm  unity  .interest;  ;  but  when  .we  stand  here,  we  see  the  man  who  was  the,  chosen  minister  of  the  sovereign,  enjoyed  her  unbounded  confidence,  who  had  a  place,  1 STYLE=superscript  !:,  say,  not  only  in  her  councils,  '  b  u  t  i  n  h  er  hear)  ;—who  was,  the  defend  er  o  f  th  e  laws  and  .tions  of  the  country,,but  who  was  likewise  the  c  hosen-,  vourite  of  the  people—(hear,  hear)--  and  whose  note  been  engraven,  , STYLE=superscript  as  I  firmly  believe,  upon  every  heart  thousands,  of  the  myriads,  that  now  surround  me,  130',  1  ,  of  the  acts  that  he  performed,  an  d  th  e  b  ene  fits  !  a  he  conferred  upon  England.  .  Gentlemen,  as  one,  have  deeply  profited,  not  by  the  example  only,  but  by,n  guidance  of  that  great  statesman—as  one  who  have  A.!,  - STYLE=superscript  t  ,  and  I  hope  have  valued,  many.  opportunities  of  appren  ing  his  character-4et  me  venture  respectfully  to  bear  tes7,  mony  to  you  upon  the  point  whi  c  h,  so  f  ar  as  I  am  a  ble  to  r  judge,  beyond  all  things  .distinguished  him..  leis  easY  s  ,  enumerate  many  characteristics  .of  the  greatness  of  Sir  Peel.  We  all  know  the  immense  breadth  and  comprehend  siveness  of  his  understanding-r-we.all  knew  that  he,  be  all  living  statesmen,  and  perhaps  beyond  all  statesmen  '&#34;  10  preeeeded  him,'  thoroughly  understood  the  workings  Of  cry  noble  constitution,  and  appreciated  and  sounded  to  the  It',  depths  the  feelings  and  th  e  c  h  arac  t  er  o  f  th  e  greatest  delL,  rative  'and  the  eldest  popular  assembly  i  n  th  e  wor  ld,  the  Pi  o  tish  douse  of  Commons  (Hear,  hear).  It  is  ea  s  y  gen  tl  e  men  , STYLE=superscript  .  ~  speak  of  his  ability,  of  his  sagacity,  of  his  indef  a  ti  ga  bl  e  inch-  10. STYLE=superscript  '0  - STYLE=superscript  but,  great  as  were  the  intellectual  powers  of  Sir  Re,lii  Teel,  if  you  will  allow  me,  as  one  who  may  ca  ll  m  yself  to  ,pupil  and  his  follower  in  politics;—if  you  will'allow  ine.  bear  my  witness,,this  I  must  say,  there  was  sometlot  greater  still  in  Sir  Robert  Peel7-something  yet  more  axial)  able  than  the  immense  intellectual  endowments  with  wh'  e STYLE=superscript  ,  it  had  been  pleased  the  Almighty  to  gift  hi  m  —  an  d  that  icy  his  tense  of  public  virtue—it  was  his  his  purity  of  consicak  ---it  was  his  determination  to  follow  the,  public  good—it  that  disposition  in  him,,which,  when  he  had  to  chose  .  tween  personal  ease  and  enjoyment,  or  again,  on  the  ot.  hand,  between  political  power  and  distinction—when  he  to  choose  between-  either  of  these  blessings,  either  of  th  advantages.  and  what  he  knew  to  be  the  welfare  of  nation,  his  choice  was  made  at  once  ;  and  when  his  the  was  once  made,  no  man  ever  saw  him  hesitate—no  man  e  saw  him  hold  back  from  that  which  was  necessary  to  giv  e STYLE=superscript  .effect—  (Cheers.)  .  Mr.  Mayor,  I  heartily  rejoice  that,  1  erecting  to  his  memory  this  great  and  worthy  'nionion  you  have  chosen  for  it  a  site  which  is  most  in  harmony  .the  histories  it  is  intended  to  commemorate,  and  with  ideas  which  it  is  calculated  to  awaken.  You  ave  not  pig  .  in  some  gilded  hall,  where  it  might  have  been  the.odni  0  4  tion  of  some.eonnoiseur  in  art,  or  might  h  ave  b  een  4  -  by  the  wealthy  and  the  luxuriou  s  c  l  asses  ;  b  u  t  yo  u  0 STYLE=superscript  chosen  for  him  the  place  where  he  would  have  wished  to  'iii  the  face  of  day,  in  the  greatest  thoroughfare  of  .',  O  l  mighty  city,  in  the  .heart  and  centre  of  the  commerce'  -England,  where  then  Sands  and  tens  of  thousands  will,  day  to  day,  p?ss  by  the  place  where  he  stands,  and  have  1  sented  to  their  eyes  and  to  th  e  i  r  m  i  n  d  s  a  spec  t  ac  l  e  0  1 STYLE=superscript  :4,  1  0  can  awaken  in  them  no.  se  n  ti  men  t  excep  t  one  o  f  pu  blic  11  0  and  of  grateful  recollection.  And,  Mr.  Mayor;  it  is  the  ,k!  word  which  I  will  add  ress  to  y  ou  w  h  en  I  say  this,--  -i STYLE=superscript  p  God  grant  that  many  o  f  th  ose  w  h  o  s  h  a  ll  traverse  441  crowded  thorough-f  are  ,  as  th  e  y  e  y  e  th  e  wor  k  w  hi  c  h  has  it  u  af  e  this  day  delivered  over  to  your  custody,  that  th  e  y  may  „Oa  awakened  within  thelr  breasts  the  noble  and  honour  _  o  it  desire  to  tread,  eac  h  f  or  hi  mse  lf,  i  n  hi  s  own  sp  h  e  re,  b  an  d  wide  or  be  it  narrow,  the  path  of  duty  and  of  virtue  ;  cit  y  in  dischargi  ng  those  functions  which  appertain  to  us  as  0  /  -  zens—to  discharge  them  in  the  spirit  of  that  grea  t  ni  , STYLE=superscript  ,  the  spirit  and  the  determination  to  allow  no  difficuity  , STYLE=superscript  D  O  obstacle  to  stand  b  e  tw  e  e  n  him  an  d  th  e  performance  o  f  rod  duty  ;  -relying  upon  it  that  duty  in  this  cou  n  t  r  y  is  the_  in  to  lame—that  if  public  men  do  not  reap  th  e  ir  r  eward,  ~''''t  barbarous  times  they  may  have  sought  i  t,  from  immen  se STYLE=superscript  the  extensive  possessions,  measured  upon  the  sur  face  °  liV,  earth,  they  Yeap  it  in  a  form  far  more  precious,  wh  en STYLE=superscript  '  et  ) STYLE=superscript  'Sir  - STYLE=superscript  Robert  Peel,  they  bequeath  a  name  which  i  s  the  Pr  ,  et't  not  only  of  their  family-  not  only'of  their  o  wn  descend`  p  but  of  every  man  who  calls  himself  an  Engli  s  hman;  , STYLE=superscript  rt  i  of  our  common  wealth—something  that  helps  to  etni  ci  the  to  Our  common  country—somethifg  that  makes  us  f  e STYLE=superscript  be  lof  England  is  indeed  a  country  that  it  is  a  blessing  to  .  1  0  to—a  country  that  has  a  great'  and  beneficial  part  t°4.  3  0c  1 STYLE=superscript  the  designs  of  Providence  for  the  improvement  and  au  .  ment  of  mankind.  '  (Loud  cheers.)  •  Dite  r STYLE=superscript  Three  cheers  . STYLE=superscript  werd  given  for  the  Queen,  f  or  Mr.  for  Sir  Jahn  Potter,  and'  for  the  Mayor.  PRD  4'&#34;SIi:VTATIO.AT  OF  ADDRESSES.TO  THE  ot  ,  -  RON  .  W.  E.  GLADSTONE,  74--6,1„-ATOELLOR  OF  THE  EXCHEQUER,  21r4ATHESTER,—YESTERDAY.  le  s  t  e  „,,  _  L'aY  afternoon  a  meeting  took  place  in  the  Large  be  Et  ,  el STYLE=superscript  tile  Town  Hall,  Manchester,  (which  has  recently  lirmicrelainted  under  the  superintendance.Df  Mr.  Simmons,.  pr  o*  „  Str STYLE=superscript  eet)  Chorlton-on-Medlock),  for  the  purpose  of  t  h  e  o'&#34;ng  addresses  to  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  on  f  rosa  eca STYLE=superscript  '  s STYLE=superscript  ion  of  his  paying  a  visit  to  this  city.  The  bodies  ti  ts  n  ,  lv STYLE=superscript  holn  the  a  dd  resses  procee  d  e  d  were  ,  th  e  Co  r  poration,  Th  ',4amber  of  Commerce,  and  the  Commercial  Association.  10,  :11411  was  crowded  to  excess  by  the  principle  inhabitants  e  city,  including  some  of  the  distinguished  strangers  ,„  w STYLE=superscript  ere  present  at  the  inauguration  of  the  Peel  Statue.  he  Sati  s  f„  4 STYLE=superscript  Axon  said  :  Mr.  Gladstone,  it  is  with  unfeigned  of  c STYLE=superscript  tion.  that,  in  my  official  capacity  as  representative  of  pr  C STYLE=superscript  orporation  Corporation  of  the  city  of  Manchester,  I  offer  you  our  42,tordial  welcome  to  our  city.  (Applause.)  I  believe  res  'a  ettester  has  been  always  very  willing  to  pay  a  tribute  of  a  t  goer  persons  in  authority  who  may  honour  it  with  °f STYLE=superscript  year  k  .la  your  case,  Sir,  we  do  so  not  merely,  upon  account  to  th,7,  41 STYLE=superscript  01  official  position,  but  because  ysw.  are  endeared  th  ars  ,7  4l STYLE=superscript  labitant  s  of  the  city  by  your  private  worth  and  kop  -- STYLE=superscript  :42  'er. STYLE=superscript  (Applause.)  We  were  all  desirous  of  having  an  anity  of  showing  our  gratitude  to  you  for  your  great  w  ary  e STYLE=superscript  b  services.  (Applause.)  Manchester  has  been  pecu pecukd  kd pecukd  eaefitted  by  the  establishment  of  commercial  freedom,  of  CCially  benefitted  by  the  adoption  of  those  principles,  and  4 STYLE=superscript  we  have  great  pleasure  in  knowing  that  you  are,  Nr  ever  ha  ve  been,  the  constant  advocate.  (Cheers.)  In  Derfp„,  l3re STYLE=superscript  sent  position  you  have  done  much  to  complete  and  av  a  ir  what  Sir  Robert  Peel  began.  (Hear,  hear.)  We  p  ottr  lirselves  of  the  present  oportunit  of  acknowledging  trul  es.  P  4ll STYLE=superscript  lic  services,  and  we  befit  express  a  hope  that  your  lo  c  i  a  jeurs  may  be  continued  in  that  respect,  to  promote  tOrogress.  I  beg  to  remind  you,  Sir,  that  the  Council  c  a  l  `  o  &#34;'  city  is  composed  of  gentlemen  of  all  shades  of  politi politit4t  t4t politit4t  iL  i STYLE=superscript  niens,  but  I  have  unfeigned  pleasure  in  stating  to  you  Pr  eh  ‘  B STYLE=superscript  address,  which  I  am  about  to  have  the  honour  of  was  passed  by  them  unanimously.  (Hear,  hear,  ti  ot  ,,  °l'd  cheers.)  And  I  will  farther  observe,  that  the  son sonchska  chska sonchska  contained  in  this  address  are  entertained  by  all  To  e STYLE=superscript  s  of  the  inhabitants  of  this  city.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  l  Clerk  will  read  the  address.  TowN  CLERK  then  rea  te  addressdas  follows  :  '  0 STYLE=superscript  the  Right  Hon.  Willia  d STYLE=superscript  m  h STYLE=superscript  Ewart  Gladstone,  Of  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  &amp;c.  k  a  il STYLE=superscript  '  V STYLE=superscript  e•  the  ma  yor,  a  ld  e  rmen  and  citizens  of  the  City  of  li'llester,  in  council  assembled,  gladly  avail  ourselves  of  the  tl:Portunitv  afforded  of  ibidding  you  welcome  on  the  occasion  of  b  )°l4 STYLE=superscript  visit  to  the  capital  of  the  manufacturing  districts,  and  pres  sur STYLE=superscript  ing  you,  on  helitlf  of  the  vast  population  whom  we  re reexe,nti,  exe,nti, reexe,nti,  of  the  high  estimation  in  which  you  are  held  for  your  felt  p  l STYLE=superscript  aty  private  worth  and  character,  and  of  the  gratitude  Yot  it  '  ir STYLE=superscript  the  great  public  services  which  you  have  rendered  to  l  e STYLE=superscript  v  ?ontry.  di  t  i  e  refer  with  feelings  of  admiration  to  your  generous  and  e STYLE=superscript  rested  efforts  in  thit  cause  of  suffering  humanity,  at  a  te4,  - STYLE=superscript  ,.„  \ STYLE=superscript  heo  you  were  seeking  repose,  and  travelling  in  search  of  the  &#34;t'd  health,  when  you  publicly  and  indignantly  denounced  el  Per STYLE=superscript  secutions  with  which  you  became  acquainted,  and  by  the  t4  le STYLE=superscript  'lee  of  your  pen,  and  the  influence  deservedly  attaching  to  cola  name  and  character,  endeavoured,  in  the  face  .  of  .  Europe  .  2  1 STYLE=superscript  Pel  a  recognition  of  the  great  principles  of  civil  liberty  th STYLE=superscript  at  rights  of  conscience.  to  I STYLE=superscript  t  is  a  gratification  to  see  amongst  us  so  distinguished  a  thi  s  h STYLE=superscript  ex  of  the  cabinet  which  now  watches  over  the  affairs  of  s  zh.  etupire,  and  which  is  happily  formed  of  the  most  able  and  I.4  —r STYLE=superscript  lenced  statesmen  of  the  age,  who,  with  a  patriotic  dis 'disgethar:l_'  of STYLE=superscript  party  considerations,  are,  as  we  believe,  united  to to%rip:  %rip: to%rip:  tor  the  purpose  of  carrying  out  such  measures  as  shall  *i  s  Tlee  to  the  honour  of  the  crown  and  the  benefit  of  the  community,  Otte  of  the  most  powerful  and  successful  advocates  of  ,:se  great  principles-of  commercial  freedom  which  will  be  for  t°  er  i STYLE=superscript  dentified  with  the  name  of  Sir  Robert  Peel,  we  are  glad  t  i  .  W STYLE=superscript  elcome  you  at  the  time  when  the  first  public  monument  in  piterected  by  the  contributions  of  thousands  of  our  fel feldiltcitizens—is  diltcitizens—is feldiltcitizens—is  inaugurated  to  the  memory  of  that  sated.  o  f  a STYLE=superscript  r  i  ti STYLE=superscript  nguished  statesman  with  whom  you  were  long  asso  in  e STYLE=superscript  „,_and  who  largely  profited  by  your  co-operation  and  support.  We  offer  to  you  our  grateful  a  cknowledgmeuts  iit:lllpreliensive  and  consistent  financial  scheme  which,during  last  session,  was  introduced  by  you  to  the  House  of  Corn Corn-;,„°;18,  -;,„°;18, Corn-;,„°;18, STYLE=superscript  with  an  eloquence  of  statement  and  enlarged  intelligence,  a  clearness  and  force  of  reasoning  which  excited  universal  tbiration,  and  rendered  opposition  futile,  and  which,  as  the  nat STYLE=superscript  ural  and  necessary  result,  was  triumphantly  carried  through  both  houses  of  the  Legislature.  t  .  l  By  the  removal  of  th  e  anoma  li  es  an  d  i  nequa  liti  es  o  f  taxa taxa'o,  'o, taxa'o,  you  have  given  to  the  fiscal  arrangements  of  this  country  Consistency  and  stability  which  have  been  hitherto  un.  We  find  within  your  scheme  the  principle  of  commercial  freedom,  fully  recognized,  and  largely  extended,  and  in  the  qolition  of  the  duty  on  soap,  the  most  important  tax  remaining  /1 STYLE=superscript  )on  any  article  of  necessary  consumption,  erased  from  the  Itatme  book.  14.1berein  was  embodied,  and  almost  without  opposition  `w\i  ' STYLE=superscript  ttl‘‘  the  imposition  of  the  tax  on  successions,  a  measure  re  l STYLE=superscript  its  justice  has  been  long  admitted  ;  no  statesman  great  pt  date  has  ventured  to  bring  forward,  and  which  the  io  th  e  ''ancier  who  originated  the  system  of  legacy  duties,  failed  4 STYLE=superscript  4  Ittenapt  to  carry  out.  dep  t  44 STYLE=superscript  therein  was  also  included,  and  as  the  result  of  a  state statethehich,  thehich, statethehich, STYLE=superscript  for  its  excellence,  is  perhaps  unparalled  in  the  4eteti  of STYLE=superscript  parliament,  with  little  opposition,  sanctioned  the  re retlll4l  tlll4l retlll4l  sod  extension  of  the  income-tax.,  which  all  feel  to  be  un un-140e  140e un-140e STYLE=superscript  „  4 STYLE=superscript  oppressive  in  its  operation,  b  ut STYLE=superscript  under  the  circuin circuinkidalB  kidalB circuinkidalB  Unavoidable,  with,  however,  for  the  first  time,  a  clear  tero;!tinct  understanding,  that  at  the  expiration  of  the  renewed  yuch  tax  ought  to  disappear.  ipt  e  '&#34;  the  r  e  p  resen  t  a  ti  v  es  of  a  community,  which  is  peculiarly  N  tea STYLE=superscript  ted  in  the  progress  of  commercial  freedom,  we  tender  to  tfih  n  °ll STYLE=superscript  r  acknowledgments,  for  your  important  and  suceessful  th  e  8 STYLE=superscript  )  to  c  arry  ou  t  f  u  lly  t  h  e  g  reat  principles  of  free-trade,  and  t  o  crrPression  of  our  earnest  hope,  that  you  may  be  long  spared  ll'it  tl  :  ° STYLE=superscript  te  your  talents  to  the  service  of  your  country,  and  to  tdv  o  '  .B STYLE=superscript  as  the  result  of  that  policy,  which  you  have  most  ably  ip  th  e STYLE=superscript  .  a STYLE=superscript  l'  t STYLE=superscript  ed,  the  continued  and  increasing  prosperity  of  all  classes  144  1  1,  country  ;  renewed  by  consciousness,  that  to  the  accom accomhavettlleut  havettlleut accomhavettlleut  of  these  vast  and  beneficent  results,  your  services  lar STYLE=superscript  gely  kost  e STYLE=superscript  4, STYLE=superscript  1Y0n  :  I  can  assure  you  sir,  that  I,  individually,  c STYLE=superscript  ordially  entertain  the  sentiments  which  are  contained  the  he  address  just  read  ;  and  certainly  not  less  sincerely  in  to  earliest  hope  represented,  that  you  may  be  long  spared  kki  e STYLE=superscript  l  ,  v° STYLE=superscript  to  your  brilliant  talents  to  the  service  of  your  country  ;  toe  be  reward  e  d  by  the  consciousness  that  to  the  accomplish accomplishof  of accomplishof  these  beneficent  results  which  have  followed  the  bi  lt  - STYLE=superscript  e  c STYLE=superscript  ourse  of  legislature,  your  labours  have  largely  contri contrihd•  hd• contrihd•  . STYLE=superscript  (Cheeers.)  t  o  ,  ov  e  address  was  then  presented  to  Mr.  Gladstone,  who  ed  in  acknowledgement.  ke  r  „  r STYLE=superscript  •  TrtomA.s  BAZLEY,  president  of  the  chamber  of  com comtipoh'e)  tipoh'e) comtipoh'e)  came  for  wa  rd  and  said,—Mr.  Mayor  and  gentlemen,  of  Ceceiving  the  gratifying  intelligence  that  the  Chancellor  eat  e  e  e STYLE=superscript  Exchequor,  was  about  to  become  the  guest  of  our.  th  e  Ar  t STYLE=superscript  n-ed  friend  and  neighbour,  Mr.  Harter,  the  directors  of  to  04  ,'Itichester  chamber  of  commerce  promptly  determined  tt  at  er STYLE=superscript  the  right  honorable  gentleman  their  warmest  con con-1„a  -1„a con-1„a  4,atious  and  welcome,  upon  his  arrival  in  this  city  of  tli  a  t STYLE=superscript  t  lst STYLE=superscript  rY  •  and  enterprise.  (Cheers.)  In  accordance  with  tent  de STYLE=superscript  termination,  I  am  privileged  by  my  collegues,  to  pre prethe  the prethe  You  upo  n  th  e  present  occasion,  the  address  which  414.,:  t STYLE=superscript  a.ye  prepared  ;  and  which,  with  your  permission  Mr.  f  r STYLE=superscript  and  Mr.  Gladstone,  I  shall  at  once  proceed  to  read.  ilazley  then  read  the  followin  :—  -  th STYLE=superscript  e  Right  Hon.  William  Ewart  Gladstone,  M.P.  Chan Chan  4irlor  of  Her  Majesty's  Exchequer,  &amp;c.  4  ,  1  directors  of  the  Chambe  r  .  of  Commerce  and.  4f STYLE=superscript  actures  at  Manchester  eagerly  mail  themselves  of  your  to  tik  to  this  city  to  tender  to  you  their  warm  acknowledgments  It STYLE=superscript  &gt;  .I STYLE=superscript  .„  e STYLE=superscript  services  which  you  have  rendered  the  coati 'coatig'  the  session  of  parliament  recently  brought  to  a  close,  air  e  ,:°  express  a  hope  that  a  continuance,  unimpaired  by  external  to  of  those  satisfactory  results  which  have  not  failed  poll  te STYLE=superscript  nd  upon  every  successive  developement  of  a  free-trade  04 STYLE=superscript  (1  4).4 STYLE=superscript  Y  soon  enable  you  to  carry  that  system  to  perfection,  of  e  trase  from  the  British  tariff,  blots  which  still  deface  teflt  ~°4  4( STYLE=superscript  1  by  its  rules  to  confine  its  consideration  to  matters  ercial  bearing  alone,  this  chamber  never  ceased  to  pro protlope  tlope protlope  6° STYLE=superscript  'ost  the  corn  law  of  1815,  and  all  subsequent  modifica 'modificas'  it, STYLE=superscript  as  injurious  to  every  interest  in  the  state,  it  was  thtp  ie  '  S STYLE=superscript  t  to  p  roclaim  that  the  protect  i  on  w  hi  c  h  th  e  legislature  \l STYLE=superscript  'as  ;,Z  1 STYLE=superscript  to  throw  around  the  manufactures  of  this  country  illusory  and  mischievous  to  all.  It  marked,  therefore,  ° STYLE=superscript  4  1'e STYLE=superscript  „  11 STYLE=superscript  the  tendency  of  the  commercial  policy  fore-  :  4 STYLE=superscript  a  t  W STYLE=superscript  f`',  a  in  th  e  sess  i  on  o  f  1842  with  hope—it  received,  as  it  cti  it  :  gt STYLE=superscript  the  enactments  of  1846  with  joy  and  gratitude,  te STYLE=superscript  ,  t STYLE=superscript  oetlibers  that  at  both  these  period  you  were  asso assot:2otil.4°._  t:2otil.4°._ assot:2otil.4°._  that  great  and  lamented  statesman  who  had  the  vi  t  Yth  os  ,.`?  Propose,  the  talent  to  defend,  and  the  courage  to  't  n  ee  I STYLE=superscript  nitiative  measures  which  he  had  become  convinced  tl  e  e STYLE=superscript  ri  s STYLE=superscript  'arY  for  his  country's  good.  The  chamber  was  not  1p  to  express  its  thankfulness  to  Sir  Robert  Peel  and  el- STYLE=superscript  in  power,  and  it  is  glad  to  renew  it  now  to  yourself  tt  r STYLE=superscript  ° STYLE=superscript  t  only  for  your  share  in  the  commencement  .  of,  b  ut  .  tlIt!olt  % STYLE=superscript  tinned  adherence  to  that  policy  which  through  its  I,% STYLE=superscript  i  l STYLE=superscript  Oo  eci STYLE=superscript  tl  f  has  been  marked  by  unmixed  benefit,  and  is,  at  I  , STYLE=superscript  lo4  k  C  o  n STYLE=superscript  t  , STYLE=superscript  of  immeasurable  value.  11°0%1,  14 STYLE=superscript  tic  lis STYLE=superscript  for  the  tull  accomplishment  of  fr!e•trad?  princi princi'4l  '4l princi'4l  ,  1 STYLE=superscript  '  kin  do  irrespective  of  any  policy  which  oth  .  er  'Wjile\  en  T  a STYLE=superscript  Y  pursue  ,  gm STYLE=superscript  ' STYLE=superscript  this  chamber  would  be  unfaithful  to  its  ed  eenvictions,  did  it  not  avow  that  it  would  gladly  '1  o  f  t  he  imp  roved  tariff  of  the  present  year,  a  total  veryunimportant  differential  duties  which  still  ':tai  ' STYLE=superscript  '°li  ii STYLE=superscript  h  `  o STYLE=superscript  f  the  duties  on  silk  manufactures,  as  also  a  great  1110 STYLE=superscript  I„  l STYLE=superscript  ,ti  ti  i  the  duties  on  wine  ;  but  trusting  that  they  are  .  ,`'ire  ct  'lntl  l  the  national  revenue  shall  with  safety  permit  Afan-'re  a STYLE=superscript  p  plication  of  sound  orinciples  to  our  tariff,  the  to  30  est STYLE=superscript  er  t STYLE=superscript  he  Chamber  of  Commerce  and  Manufactures  at  kit  ll4 STYLE=superscript  4d  ,  re STYLE=superscript  heat  thei  r  d  ee  p  sen  se  of  the  obligations  they  owe  -”st  a;-11  Your  colleagues  in  office,  and  bid  you  a  respectful  tere  welcome  to  this  city.  Pre  By  order  and  on  behalf  of  the  V STYLE=superscript  ietl  e STYLE=superscript  n  ilt STYLE=superscript  1 STYLE=superscript  11  4 STYLE=superscript  0  4 STYLE=superscript  14  14.-Y4 STYLE=superscript  ••  Personally,  sir,  I  cannot  withold,  at  the  rttl  e  -11 STYLE=superscript  th  at  t  ent  the  expression  of  my  own  feeling  and  cTi cTib4tetia•Nlebeisll,  b4tetia•Nlebeisll, cTib4tetia•Nlebeisll,  sir,  and  your  collegues,  here  in  the  pacific  ,-  4  14  e,  itte  r  ,-,1  u  general  policy  pursued  by  you,  contn contnlitara  litara contnlitara  of  4 STYLE=superscript  „„  0 STYLE=superscript  that  general  satisfaction  which  prevades  the  e  tc4  her  majesty's  subjects.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  e)  as  lately  declared,  sir,  is  only  another  triumph  which  peculiarly  belongs  to  yourself.  Permit  me  to  express  a  wish  that  increasing  health,  and  increasing  happiness,  may  continue  to  yourself  and  family,  in  the  dis distinguished  tinguished distinguished  career  upon  which  you  have  entered;  and  that  your  valued  life  may  be  long  spared  for  the  use  of  our  com common  mon common  country.  (Applause.)  The  address  having  been  received  by  Mr.  Gladstone,  Mr.  JAMES  ASPIN'ALL  TURNER.  said:  It  now  becomes  my  pleasure  and  duty,  Mr.  Gladstone,  as  president  of  the  Com Commercial  mercial Commercial  Association  of  Manchester,  to  announce  to  you  that  as  soon  as  it  became  known  that  you  were  likely  to  favour  Manchester  with  a  visit,  the  directors  of  that  body  assembled  themselves  together,  and  devised  a  mode  in  which  they  could  express  their  high  esteem  and  value  for  your  character.  They  upon  that  occasion,  voted  a  short  but  emphatic  address  to  you,  which  I  shall  have  the  pleasure  of  reading  ;  and  in  the  sentiments  of  which,  I  assure  you,  I  most  sincerely  and  cordially  concur.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Turner  then  read  the  following  address  :  To  the  Right  Hon.  William  Ewart  Gladstone,  M.P.,  Chan Chancellor  cellor Chancellor  of  Her  Majesty's  Exchequer,  &amp;c.  the  Directors  of  the  Manchester  Commercial  Association,  desire  to  offer  you  our  cordial  welcome  upon  your  arrival  in  this  city.  Most  gladly  do  we  avail  ourselves  of  the  opportunity  to  acknowledge  how  largely  you  contributed  to  the  successful  is issue  sue issue  of  the  struggle  for  commercial  freedom  under  the  guidance  of  one  to  whose  name  the  citizens  of  Manchester  have  this  day  reared  an  enduring  memorial.  We  regard  your  presence  at  this  time  as  well  befitting  the  occasion,  looking  upon  you  as  the  able  and  consistent  expositor  of  those  principles  of  legislation  bequeathed  to  his  country  by  the  late  Sir  Robert  Peel.  Having  already  gratefully  recognised  the  value  of  those  principles  as  carried  out  in  the  admirable  commercial  measures  submitted  by  you  to  parliament  during  the  past  session,  we  weuld  now  express  our  hope  that  in  your  hands  they  are  des destined  tined destined  to  attain  still  further  development.  We  also  feel  called  upon  to  return  you  our  sincere  thanks  for  the  ready  and  courteous  attention  you  have  at  all  times  ex extended  tended extended  to  our  official  representations  ;  and  we  would  add  our  earnest  wish  that  you  may  long  live  to  exercise,  for  the  good  of  your  country,  those  talents  which  have  rendered  you  so  dis distinguished  tinguished distinguished  an  ornament  of  the  British  M  TURNER  continued  :—Following  the  example  of  our  worfhy  Mayor  and  my  friend  Mr.  Bazley,  it  is  not  my  in intention  tention intention  to  intrude  upon  you  with  any  lengthened  observations  of  my  own.  But  there  is  one  circumstance  to.  which  I  think  you  will  allow  me  to  allude,  and  on  which  I  think  my  fellow  citizens,  whom  I  see  around  me  in  large  numbers,  will  reflect  with  honest  pride  and  satisfaction.  We  have  this  day  reared  and  inaugurated  a  beautiful  work  of  art  ;  which  is  intended,  not  so  much  to  perpetuate  the  fame  of  ,him  to  whom  it  is  dedicated,  (for  that  will  endure  much  longer  than  our  perishable  metal),  but  rather  to  record  to  future  generations  the  deep  sense  of  gratitude  which  was  felt  by  his  cotemporaries,  for  the  eminent  services  rendered  to  his  country  by  that  departed  and  lamented  statesmen.  (Cheers)  We  think  it  a  fitting  occasion  indeed  that  at  that  ceremony  we  have  been  favoured  wtth  the  presence  of  the  friend  of  that  great  man,  who  following  in  his  footsteps  during  the  recent  session  of  Parliament,  amid  the  cheers  of  .the  House  of  Commons,  and  the  approval  of  the  people,  still  further  carried  out  those  great  principles  which  Sir  Roert  Peel  adopted  (loud  cheers.)  I  say  this  to  my  fellow-citizens,  Sir,  in  your  presence,  and  I  think  you  will  excuse  the  illusion,  that  they  may  well  reflect  with  that  the  father  of  him  who  has  departed,  and  the  father  of  him  whose  presence  we  greet,  were,  the  one  au  eminent  manufacturer,  and  the  other  an  eminent  merchant,  of  South  Lancashire  (loud  cheering).  They,  Sir,  established  fame  for  themselves  in  that  capacity,  and  have  given  origin  to  families  which  I  have  no  doubt  will  be  long  remembered  in  the  in  the  annals  of  our  country.  (hear,  hear,  and  cheers).  They  have  perpetuated  two  worthy  sons,  one  of  whom  the  artist  has  beautifully  illus illustrated  trated illustrated  in  the  statute  which  we  have  just  raised  to  day,  supported  on  the  one  side  by  Commerce,  and  on  the  other  side  by  Talent,  intellect,  and  careful  educational  culture.  That  idea  embodies  the  memory  of  the  one  who  has  gone,  and  the  fame  of  the  other  who  is  present,  both  of  which  I  hope  will  long  endure  to  possess  the  esteem  which  they  have  built  up  for  themselves,  by  which  they  will  be  remembered  even  longer  than  their  fathers,  (hear,  hear,  and  cheers).  May  you,  Sir,  long  live  to  bless  your  country  with  your  talents  ;  and  I  will  .venture,  Sir,  in  conclusion,  to  say  to  some  of  the  young  sons  of  Manchester  whom  I  see  around  me—although  your  fathers  have  laboured  in  this  city  in  commercial  pursuits  ;  yet  the  opportunity  rests  for  you,  if  you  have  talent,  if  you  have  industry,  if  you  have  persever perseverance  ance perseverance  and  self-devotion;  I  say  that  as  Mr,  Gladstone  has  risen  to  the  first  position  almost  in  the  country,  so  may  you  rise,  for  nothing  in  your  'origin  excludes  you  from  filling  the  highest  offices  of  the  state,  (loud  applause).  The  Right  Hon.  W.  E.  GLADSTONE  then  stood  forward  and  was  most  enthusiastically  greeted.  When  silence  was  restored,  he  proceeded  to  say,—Mr.  Mayor  and  gentlemen,  I  am  very  sure,  at  least,  I  am  certain,  that  no  man  had  ever  more  cause  to  ,say,  that  it  is  to  me  a  matter  of  hopeless  diffi difficulty  culty difficulty  to  convey  to  your  minds  the  mixed  and  strong  emotions  which  I  feel  to-day.  I  came  Mr.  Mayor  to  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  drawn  hither  by  the  strong  interest  that  attaches  to  this  remarkable  community—to  this  community  which  has  perhaps  accumulated  greater  wealth  than  any  commercial  or  manufacturing  emporium  known  in  history—certainly  than  any  provincial  emporium  known  in  the  history  of  the  world;  but  with  respect  to  which  its  accumulation  of  wealth  is,  I  will  venture  to  say,  less  remarkable  than  its  advanced  in intelligence,  telligence, intelligence,  and  the  prominent  part  which  that  intelligence  has  enabled  Manchester  to  bear  in  influencing,  particularly  during  recent  years,  the  fortunes  and  the  destinies  of  this  country.  (Hear,  hear.)  No  man  can  visit  this  city  with without  out without  being  more  than  rewarded  by  what-he  sees  and  what  he  hears.  Mr.  Turner  who  has  just  addressed  you,  has  kindly  reminded  me  that  I  am  not  without  local  ties,  —ties  which  are,  and  ever  will  be,  dear  to  me,  and  give  me  especial  in interest  terest interest  and  especial  attachment  this  part  of  the  country.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  have  witnessed  the  wonders  of  your  indus industry  try industry  and  its  marvellous  organization,  the  mode  by  which  it  husbands,  and  by  husbanding  multiplies,'  every  resource  that  is  applicable  to  trade  and  to  art.  And  I  have  seen,  sir,  moving  onwards  in  this  town  a  true  representation  of  those  united  figures  which  you  have  seen  to-day  at  the  base  of  the  pedestal  of  Sir  Robert  Peel.  I  have  seen  art  not  governing  only  but  beautifying  the  productions  of  commerce,  and  I  trust  that  this  great  queen,  as  she  may  well  be  called,  of  productive  industry,  will  more  and  more  cherish  the  union  between  those  two  principles  and  powers,  well  aware,  in  the  first  place,  that  beauty  also  is  a  principle  of  commercial  strength,  efficacy,  and  success  and  aware  likewise,  that  over  and  above  its  commercial  effects,  it  has  a  power  to  re refine  fine refine  and  elevate  the  mind  of  man  (hear,  hear)—the  mind  not  only  of  those  whom  we  term  the  educated  classes,  but  the  whole  mind—the  whole  feeling  of  the  community.  (Ap (Applause.)  plause.) (Applause.)  Well,  Sir,  to  witness  this  is  reward  enough  for  any  one  who  visits  Manchester.  But  I  have  found  myself  unex unexpectedly  pectedly unexpectedly  amongst  you  at  a  moment  of  the  deepest  interest,  when  you  have  been  proceeding  to  complete  that  noble  tri tribute  bute tribute  that  has  been  paid  to-day  to  the  memory  of  the  illus illustrious  trious illustrious  dead.  You  have  kindly  made  use  of  that  occasion,  and  have  employed  it  for  the  purpose  of  expressing  the  sentiments  you  are  pleased  to  entertain  respecting  one  amongst  the  living.  And,  sir,  if  I  could  be  sensible  of  a  deduetion,  of  a  drawback,  to  the  feelin„o-  of  profound  gratifica gratifica'  ' gratifica'  cation  with  which  you  have  filled  my  breast,  it  would  be  in  the  recollection,  how  poor  are  the  merits,  and  how  limited  the  services,  of  him  who  stands  before  you,  in  comparison  with  the  immortal  services,  and  with  the  merits  scarcely  to  be  estimated,  of  him  whose  name  has  been  placed  in  juxta juxtaposition  position juxtaposition  with  mine—praising  me  and  flattering  me  scarcely  a  whit  less  heartily  than  the  memory  of  that  great  man  deserves.  Mr.  Mayor,  as  the  representative  of  the  Corporation  of  Manchester  ;  Mr.  Bazley,  and  Mr.  Turner—as  the  repre representatives  sentatives representatives  of  those  distinguished  associations,  that  have  in  themselves  expressed  no  small  portion  of  the  mind  and  in influence  fluence influence  of  Manchester  with  respect  to  public  affairs—l  tender  to  you  my  most  sincere  and  most  profound  thanks  for  the  part  which  you  have  borne,  and  for  the  part  which  those  whom  you  ~  .  ..  represent  have  borne,  m  presenting  to  me  those  addresses  ;  and  although  I  feel  that  you  have  greatly  over  valued  what  is  due,—if,  indeed,  anything  be  due,  (cries  whether  to  my  personal  character  or  public  acts,  yet,  on  that  account,  will  my  sense  of  gratitude  be  indelible,  which  you  have  im impressed  pressed impressed  on  me,  I  trust,  never  to  be  effaced.  But,  sir,  I  have  done  with  personal  considerations  ;  for,  after  all,  1  know  well  that  the  highly  coloured  tone  of  your  feeling,  whilst  it  testifies  the  'intelligent  judgment  that  you  pass  on  the  efforts  and  intentions  of  public  men,  is  to  be  interpreted  mainly  as  an  expression  of  your  adherence  to  certain  principles  of  pub public  lic public  policy,  which  principles,  you  feel  to  be  vital  for  the  wel welfare  fare welfare  of  the  country.  (Hear,  hear.)  And,  therefore,  when  I  consider  with  whom  I  have  the  honour  to  be  associated  at  this  moment  in  the  public  service,  I  blush  less  than  I  should  otherwise  have  done  at  receiving  the  tribute  of  your  approval  and  regard.  You  have  paid,  sir,  in  the  address  of  the  Cor Corporation,  poration, Corporation,  to  my  colleagues  in  the  Government,  a  testimony  to  which  I  may  venture  to  say  that  I  hope  they  are  not  alto altogether  gether altogether  undeserving  of.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  is,  I  trust,  true  they  were  united  by  honourable  motives  ;  it  is  unquestion unquestionably  ably unquestionably  true  that  they  stand  associated  in  dice,  in  disregard  of  former  party  distinctions.  (Hear,  hear.)  Let  me  say  sir,  as'  I  .  go  on,  that  I  'cannot  but  attach  peculiar  value  to  the  unanimous  vote  by  which  this  address  has  been  adopted.  (Hear,  hear.)  Free  discussion,  perfect  liberty  to  every  man  to  announce  his  conscientious  opinioii,  is  the  distinguishing  mark  and  constitutes  no  small  part  of  the  strength  and  glory  of  this  country.  (Applause.)  But  the  consequences  of  that  free  discussion,  necessarily,  is  the  free  development  of  dif differences  ferences differences  of  opinion  conscientiously  entertained.  And  the  effect,  generally,  of  that  development  of  difference  on  most  occasions,  is  surely  to  enh  ante  tenfold  the  value  of  that  con concurrence,  currence, concurrence,  without  exception,  which  you  sir,  have  been  so  kind  as  to  announce  to  me  to-day.  Now,  Mr.  Mayor,  I  think  it  is  true,  first,  that  those  who  are  associated  with  me  in  the  government  acted  as  has  been  so  stated,  as  you  so  truly  said,  disregard  to  party  considerations.  I  do  not  be believe  lieve believe  that  the  principle  of  party  is  extinguished  in  this  country.  The  machinery  of  government  almost  requires  some  kind  of  organization.  It  is  hardly  possible  that  we  can  hope  that  the  nature  of  man  is,  at  all  events  as  yet,  so  changed  that  we  could  dispense  altogether,  with  the  associ associations  ations associations  of  party.  And,  moreover,  I  am  bound  to  say,  that  the  associations  of  party,  although  great  evils  may  tend  them,  yet  have  likewise  materially  contributed,  and  es especially  pecially especially  of  recent  years,  to  maintain  a  high  standard  of  honour  amongst  your  public  men,  and  to  subject  them  to  the  operation  of  those  motives  which  offer  the  best  security  to  you  for  the  discharge  of  their  public  duties.  (Hear,  hear.)  Yet  I  feel  a  true  gratification  in  stating  that  I  be believe  lieve believe  there  never  has  been  a  government  in  the  history  of  this  country,  during  recent  years,  which  has  stood  less  on  the  principle  of  party  connection,  and  more  on  the  general  supp  )rt  and  confidence  of  the  public,  than  the  government  of  which  I  have  the  honour  to  be  a  member.  (Applause.)  I  do  believe,  setting  aside  a  subject  on  which  various  opinions  may  be  raised,  I  do  believe  that  credit  was  given  to  men  of  high  publie  character,  to  my  Lord  Aberdeen,  my  Lord  John  Russell,  at  the  time  when  they  joined  hands,  in  December  last,  to  carry  on  the  business  of  the  country.  (Hear,  hear.)  And  lam  sure  I  shall  be  borne  out  by  those  who  have  very  minutely  observed  the  course  of  public  business  in  the  House  of  Commons,  when  I  state  as  an  unquestioned  faet,  whilst  the  bond  of  party  connection  in  that  house  had  never  been  found  weaker  than  during  the  past  session,  when,  as  you  truly  say,  the  confidence  of  the  people  and  the  approval  of  the  country,  enabled  the  Go Government  vernment Government  to  carry  into  law  all  their  important  and  vital  proposals  with  greater  rapidity  and  effect  than  has  been  usual  on  former  occasions.  (Hear,  hear).  I  may  say,  per perhaps,  haps, perhaps,  and  I  do  not  think  you  will  consider  it  a  hunuliat hunuliating  ing hunuliating  confession,  but  I  doubt  whether  there  has  been  a  Go Government  vernment Government  for  many  years,  that  has  sustained  a  greater  num number  ber number  of  defeats  on  divisions  of  secondary  importance—  I  speak  in  the  presence  of  Mr.  Brotherton,  the  Hon.  Member  for  Salford,  the  Hon.  Member  for  South  Lancashire,  and  seve several  ral several  other  gentlemen,  who  can  correct  me  if  I  am  wrong—a  greater  number  of  defeats  on  secondary  questions  than  the  government  of  my  Lord  Aberdeen.  (Hear,  hear,  and  laughter).  Those  defeats—were  manifestations  of  the  free freedom  dom freedom  of  judgment  that  prevails  in  the  House  of  Commons.  (Hear,  hear).  I  have  deeply  lamented  them.  (Hear,  hear).  I  sometimes  was  nettled  by  them.  (Hear,  hear,  and  laughter).  Endeavouring  to  defend  taxes  which  it  was  impossible  to  part  with.  (Hear,  hear,  and  laughter)—un laughter)—undoubtedly,  doubtedly, laughter)—undoubtedly,  I  was  not  well  pleased,  when  I  found  on  the  an announcement  nouncement announcement  of  the  numbers  from  the  chair,  that  the  rela relative  tive relative  forces  were  not  exactly  as  I  could  have  wished  (Hear,  hear,  and  laughter)  ;  but  it  is  certainly  a  remark remarkable  able remarkable  concurrence  that  along  with  those  mani manifestations  festations manifestations  of  freedom  of  individual  sentiment,  and  the  ab absence  sence absence  of  close  party  organization  in  the  House  of  Commons,  we  have  had  a  session  of  Parliament  that  I  believe  has  been  surpassed  by  few,  for  the  amount  of  real  public  work  and  business  that  has  been  transacted,  and  during  the  course  of  which  many  measures  of  the  greatest  weight  and  importance  have  been  passed.  (Applause.)  So  much,  Sir,  for  that  dis disregard  regard disregard  of  party  considerations,  with  respect  to  which  you  have  expressed  opinions.  They  are  in  thorough  concordance  with  my  own.  (Hear,  hear.)  And  may  I  say  one  word  more  on  the  subject  of  party  connection—Gentlemen,  it  is  this,  I  am  quite  sure  that  no  men  can  have  watched  the  Parliamentary  history  of  the  country  within  the  walls  of  the  House  of  Commons  during  the  twenty  years  that  have  elapsed  since  the  passing  of  [the  Reform  Bill,  and  can  have  failed  to  see,  that  within  the  course  of  that  period  dif differences  ferences differences  have  been  softened,  opinions  have  approximated  ;  men  of  different  political  creeds  have  learned  to  think  more  kindly  and  more  charitably  of  one  another.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  space  which  divided  this  side  of  the  house  from  that  side  of  the  house,  is  nearer  than  it  was.  (Hear,  hear.)  And  if  I  am  asked  for  the  cause,  I  should  say  it  was  due  in  great  part  to  the  eminent  public  virtue  of  Sir  Robert  (Cheers.)  —of  that  man,  who  considered  he  was  the  head  and  chief  of  a  party,  and  knew  how  to  value  its  confidence,  yet  when  public  duty  called  him,  he  did  not  hesitate  to  lay  upon  the  altar  of  his  country  every  advantage,  every  satisfaction  that  that  position  conferred,  and  to  follow  the  straight  path  of  public  duty,  looking  neither  to  the  right  nor  to  the  left.  (Loud  cheers.)  And  I  think  it  is  a  cause  of  peculiar  plea pleasure,  sure, pleasure,  a  cause  of  great  thankfulness  to  Providence,  that  dur during  ing during  the  period  when  we  have  seen  nearly  the  greater  part  of  Europe  making,  I  am  afraid,  but  little  progress,  perhaps  actually  receding  in  the  work  of  political  organisation,  and  in  respect  to  the  harmony  of  el  - STYLE=superscript  asses—in  England  we  have  seen  this  modification  of  differences  taking  place,  and  along  with  it  we  have  seen  great  progress  in  the  work  of  useful  legislation,  and  of  the  confirmation  and  increase  amongst  the  masses  of  the  community,  of  respect  for  the  laws,  and  of  attachment  to  the  throne  and  institutions  of  the  country.  (Loud  applause.)  Well;  gentlemen,  you  have  been  pleased  (I  speak  now  of  the  address  of  the  Corporation,  which  I  know  well  represents  the  sentiments  of  the  inhabi inhabitants  tants inhabitants  of  Manchester).  (Hear,  hear.)  You  have  been  pleased  to  express  your  confidence,  that  the  Government  now  in  charge  of  public  affairs,  will  endeavour  to  give  effect  to  such  measures  as  shall  most  conduce  to  the  honour  of  the  crown  and  the  benefit  of  the  whole  community.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  value  peculiarly,  and  I  am  quite  sure  that  every  member  of  the  administration  would  value  -as  I  do,  this  expression  of  your  feelings.  lam  sure  I  do  not  altogether  misconstrue  this  reference  to  the  honour  of  the  crown,  when  I  refer  it,  when  I  interpret  it,  with  reference  to  the  question  in  which,  at  the  present  moment,  the  honour  of  the  crown,  _as  _  well  as  the  other  great  interests  are  deeply  involved.  (Hear  hear)  Naniely  the  .  question  of  peace  and  war  which  holds  the  mind  of  Europe  in  agitation  and  suspense  from  one  extremity  of  it  to  another.  (Ap (Applause.)  plause.) (Applause.)  If,  gentlemen,  it  is  your  persuasion  that  the  honor  of  the  crown  is  safe  in  the  hands  of  her  Majesty's  advisers,  I  am  quite  sure  no  testimony  can  be  conveyed  to  them  more  gratifying  to  their  feelings.  lam  quite  sure  no  testimony  could  reach  them  which  could  more  contribute  to  strengthen  their  hands  in  the  discharge  of  a  public  duty,  and  in  bear bearing  ing bearing  the  conspicuous  part  which  must  belong  to  England  in  111  P  COrlgklaratircrt  of  every  great.  Ruropea  It  cp...llnri  (114a+',  hear.)  It  was  perhaps  to  be  expected  that  the  delays  and  vexations  incident  to  protracted  negotiations  should  lead  to  some  sentiments  of  impatience  in  some  portion  of  the  com community.  munity. community.  It  was  undoubtedly  to  be  expected  in  this  free  country  that  the  measures  and  motives  of  government,  es especially  pecially especially  whilst  they  are  covered  in  some  degree  by  the  neces necesreserve,  reserve, necesreserve,  should  not  from  every  man  receive  alike  favourable  construction..  (Hear,  hear.)  It  was  to  be  ex expected  pected expected  that  general  sentiment,  that  in  the  present  relations  -- STYLE=superscript  between  Russia  and  Turkey  there  had  been  overbearing  ag ag  gression  on  the  part  of  the  former  power,  (hear,  bear;)  should  lead  many  here  to  manifest  suspicion,  should  lead  to  some  anxiety  for  a  marked  and  positive  declaration  on  the  part  of  England  against;  the  aggression.  (Hear,  hear.)  But,  gentlemen,  I  will  venture  to  say  that  her  Majesty's  government  do  not  feel  in  the  least  degree  disposed  to  shrink  from  any  portion  of  the  responsibility  which  they  have  as assumed,  sumed, assumed,  in  making  every  effort,  in  hoping  I  would  say  if  necessary  against  hope  and  beyond  hope  ;  but  I  hope  it  is  not  necessary;  in  hoping  to  the  uttermost  they  may  be  en enabled  abled enabled  to  achieve  the  avoidance  of  that  frightful  calamity  a  a  general  war.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  No  doubt  the  blood  of  Englishmen  is  up  when  there  is  oppression  or  ag aggression  gression aggression  going  forward;  no  doubt  the  contest  of  the  stronger  with  the  weaker  appeals  to  that  feeling  which  we  think  eminently  national.  (Hear,  hear.)  No  doubt  the  lapse  and  consumption  of  time  in  the  apparent  results  is  trying  to  the  patience  of  the  community,  but,  Mr.  Mayor,  let  me  venture  to  say  this,  that  the  true  measure,  the  truest  mea measure  sure measure  of  the  real  greatness  of  a  people  lies  in  the  power  of  self-command  and  self-restraint.  (Great  applause.)  Thai  self-command  and  self-restraint  whether  in  nations  or  in  in-  Eividuals  are  always  liable  to  be  mistaken,  are  alway  ;ertain  to  be  charged,  as  indifference,  as  feeblenes,  a  ;owardice.  We  know  I  trust  the  difference  between  them  (Hear,  hear.)  We  know  that  conscious,  dignified  patience,  and  there  is  a  sense  of  duty  as  men  and  as  christians  which  makes  us  feel  peace  does  not  mean  the  want  of  readiness  to  vindicate  when  the  time  comes  the  honour  of  this  coun country.  try. country.  (Great  applause.)  What  do  we  mean  when  we  speak  of  a  general  war  ?  There  is  a  certain  glare  of  glory  about  the  operations  of  war  which  appeals  to  some  of  the  elements  of  human  nature,  and  makes  us  too  little  mindful  of  the  fearful  accompaniments  it  entails.  (Hear,  hear.)  When  we  speak  of  a  general  war  we  do  not  mean  real  progress,  in  the  road  of  freedom  or  the  real  social  and  moral  advancement  of  mankind  attained  by  force.  This  may  be  the  intention.  but  how  rarely  is  it  the  result  of  general  war.  (Hear,  hear).  We  mean  this,  that  the  force  of  nature  is  stained  with  human  gore  ;  we  mean  that  bread  is  taken  out  of  the  mouths  of  millions;  we  mean  that  taxation  is  increased,  and  industry  diminished.  (Hear,  hear).  We  mean  that  burthens  almost  immeasureable  are  entailed  on  a  late  posterity;  we  mean  that  demoralization  is  let  loose,  that  families  are  broken  up  ;  that  lust  becomes  unbridled  in  every  country  into  which  war  is  carried.  (Loud  applause).  And  now  if  this  be  a  true  description,  then  is  it  not  also  true  it  is  the  absolute  duty  of  the  Goverment  to  exercise  for  them themselves  selves themselves  that  self  command  which  they  recommended  to  others.  (Hear,  hear),  and  to  labour  to  the  very  uttermost  for  the  adoption  of  every  honourable  expedient,  that  may  be  the  means  of  arresting  such  a  frightful  scourge  .  (Applause).  Gentle Gentlemen,  men, Gentlemen,  I  am  certain  I  could  have  anticipated  it  before,  but  at  this  moment  I  have  not  a  doubt,  after  the  manifestation  you  have  given,  that  those  are  the  sentiments  which  animate  the  peaceful  community  of  Great  Britain.  (Hear,  hear).  Those  who  are  associated  together  in  the  walks  of  industry  and  enterprise,  those  who  as  practical  men  come  in  to  close  relation  with,  and  close  observation  of  the  working  of  public  policy,  they  know  the  dangers  which  we  are  encountering,  and  they  know  the  difficulty  we  have  to  meet,  and  by  their  generous  confidence,  I  feel  convinced,  we  shall  be  supported.  (cheers).  It  has  been  announced  in  Parliament  more  than  once,  and  by  different  members  of  the  Government  that  Her  Majesty's  advisers  are  well  aware  of  their  duty  to  maintain  that  which  is  called,  and  -which,  with  a  qualification,  may  be  truly  called  the  integrity  and  independance  of  the  Ottoman  Empire.  (Hear,  hear).  But  after  all  we  know  very  well,  when  we  speak  of  the  integrity  and  independanee  of  the  Ottoman  Empire,  we  do  not  use  those  terms  quite  in  the  same  sense  as  we  should  speak  of  the  integrity  and  indepeudance  of  Englan  or  France,  because  we  know  that  the  Ottoman  Empire  is  a  description  of  sovereignty  full  of  anomolies,  full  of  causes  of  weakness  and  difficulty—a  sovereignty  whose  affairs  for  five  years  to  five  years,  ever  since  we  were  born,  and  long  before  we  were  born,  has  ever  been  the  subject  of  European  dis discussion  cussion discussion  and  interference.  What  we  mean  is  this  :  we  do  not  intend  to  settle  or  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  deep  questions  which  may  develop  themselves  out  of  the  peculiar  inter international  national international  organization  of  the  Ottoman  Empire,  where,  so  far  as  regards  the  European  dominions  of  the  Sultan,  we  are  presented  with  the  strange  political  solecism  of  a  body  of  some  three  millions  professing  the  Mahomedan  faith,  and  exercising  what  I  will  not  call—though  I  might  call  it  a  despotism—but  at  this  moment  I  will  only  call  it  a  sovere sovereignty,  ignty, sovereignty,  dominion  and  sovereignty,  over  twelve  million  of  our  fellow  christians.  (Hear,  hear.)  We  don't  intend  to  enter  into  the  question  that  may  grow  out  of  such  state  of  things  —  what  we  do  mean  to  say  is  this,  there  is  the  necessity  of  re regulating  gulating regulating  the  distribution  of  power  in  Europe,  and  to  a  certain  absorption  of  power  by  one  great  potentate  of  the  East  of  Europe,  which  would  dissolve  and  consist  of  the  Ottoman  Empire,  would  be  so  dangerous  to  the  world  that  it  is  the  duty  of  England,  at  whatever  cost,  to  set  herself  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES."
