text
"COURT  OF  PASSAGE.-YESTERDAY,  (Before  EDWARD  JAMES,  Esq.,  Q.C.,_Assessorl  JEFFREYS  AND  AN  OTHER  v.  lITJDSON.—Mr.  Aspinall  and  Mr.  Raffles,  instructed  by  Mr.  Toulmin,  appeared  for  the  plaintiffs  ;  and  Mr.  Blair  and  Sir  George  Stephen,  instructed  by  Mr.  Bremner,  were  for  the  defendant.  The  action  was  brought  to  recover  £lO2.  12s.  ld.,  for  goods  sold  and  de delivered,  livered, delivered,  under  the  following  circumstances  :—'l'he  plaintiffs  were  in  partnership  at  the  time  of  the  transactions,  the  sub subject  ject subject  of  the  issue,  as  woollen  drapers  and  mercers,  and  carried  on  business  in  Ranelagh-street,  and  Price-street;  and  the  defendant  is  a  master  pilot  of  this  port.  It  appeared  that  the  defendant  was  in  the  habit  of  dealing  with  Mr.  Jeffreys',  and  that  some  years  since  he  called  at  the  shop  in  Price Pricestreet,  street, Pricestreet,  with  alady,  whom  he  introduced  as  his  wife.  On  that  occasion  he  purchased  some  goods,  and  - STYLE=superscript  paid  for  th  em  ,  but  he  also  told  Mr.  Jeffreys  to  give  his  wife  any  articles  which  she  might  require'  for  her  own  use,  and  that  of  the  house,  and  that  he  would  be  responsible  for  them.  An  ac account  count account  was  accordingly  opened  with  Mrs.  Hudson,  and  goods  to  a  considerable  amount  were  furnished  to  her  from  time  to  time.  The  goods  were  sent  first  to  Mill-street,  and  then  to  Plumb-street,  where  the  plaintiffs  alleged  a  public  house  had  been  opened  by  the  defendant,  though  carried  on  in  the  name  of  Holden,  the  step-father  of  Mrs.  Hudson.  Pay Payments  ments Payments  were  made  on  account  from  time  to  time  ;  and  the  amount  now  sued  .for  was  the  balance  of  an  account  extending  from  1850  to  1852,  a  period  of  two  years.  On  the  part  of  the  defendant  it  was  alleged  that  Mrs.  Hudson  was  not  his  wife,  though  he  cohabited  with  her,  and  that  therefore  he  was  not  liable  ;  but  of  this  cir circircumstance  circumstance circircumstance  the  plaintiffs  were  not  aware  until  about  six  months  ago.  It  further  appeared  that  Mrs.  Hodson  man managed  aged managed  the  public-house  in  Plumb-street,  and  that  the  defendant  lived  there  for  some  time  ;  but  be  alleged  that  he  was  in  the  house  merely  as  a  lodger,  and  that  as  such  he  paid  for  everything  he  got.  He  further  alleged  that  he  was  then  separated  from  Mrs.  Hudson,  by  whom  he  had  four  children,  and  that  the  public-house  was  established  by  her  with  the  £5OO  which  he  gave  her  as  a  parting  gift,  for  the  benefit  of  her  children.  He  alleged  that  he  did  not  know  that  his  reputed  wife  had  obtained  this  credit,  but  he  ad admitted  mitted admitted  that,  though  he  had  frequently  thought  her  over overdressed,  dressed, overdressed,  yet  that  he  had  not  cautioned  Mr.  Jeffreys  or  any  other  party  that  he  would  not  be  responsible  for  her  debts.  After  RAMA  consultation  amongst  no  enunsol  on  either  aide,  it  was  agreed  that  the  question  of  liability  should  be  merely  left  to  the  jury,  and  that,  if  the  verdict  should  be  in  favour  of  the  plaintiffs,  one  of  the  jury  should  examine  the  books  and  determine  the  amount  due.  The  plaintiffs,  Mr.  Jeffreys  and  Mr.  Morgan,  were  thtn  examined,  and  deposed  to  the  fact  of  Mrs.  Hudson  having  been  introduced  at  their  shop  by  the  defendant,  and  to  the  delivery  of  the  goods,  at  her  order,  at  the  defendant's  houses  in  Mill-street  and  Plumb-street.  It  also  appeared  in  evidence  that,  though  the  defendant's  near  friends  might  have  been  aware  that  he  was  not  married  to  Mrs.  Hudson,  yet  that  she  was  always  called  by  that  name  in  his  presence,  and  that  she  was  commonly  believed  to  be  his  wife.—The  jury  found  for  the  plaintiffs.  A  short  time  since,  the  defendant  was  also  sued  in  the  County  Court  for  spirits  supplied  . STYLE=superscript  to  the  house  in  Plumb-street,  but  on  that  occasion  the  verdict  was  in  his  favour,  the  plaintiff  having  failed  to  prove  that  he  had  any  interest  in  the  house.  Before  the  rising  of  the  Court,  the  juryman  to  whom  the  account  was  referred,  informed  the  learned  Assessor  that  he  had  found  that  £97  Bs.  was  due.—Verdict  accordingly  for  that  amount.  LAWSON  V.  GRIFFITES.—Mr.  Atkinson,  instructed  by  Mr.  Owen,  appeared  for  the  plaintiff;  and  the  action  was  brought  to  recover  damages  for  injuries  sustained  by  the  plaintiff  through  the  negligence  of  the  defendant's  servants.  The  plaintiff  is  an  aged  washerwoman,  and  the  defendant  is  a  master  builder  in  this  town  ;  and  it  appeared  that  on  the  third  of  last  December  his  men  were  employed  repairing  an  ash-pit  in  Princess-place.  They  discontinued  work  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  the  rain,  about  half-past  nine  o'clock  that  night,  and  on  leaving  they  stowed  away  the  bricks  by  the  wall  of  the  passage  leading  from  Clayton  -street  to  Princess Princessplace.  place. Princessplace.  The  plaintiff  returned  home  about  eleven  o'clock,  and  on  going  up  the  passage  she  fell  over  the  bricks  and  was  seriously  injured.  She  alleged  that  the  bricks  were  negli negligently  gently negligently  placed  there,  and  accordingly  brought  the  present  action  to  recover  compensation  for  her  injuries.—Mr.  Griffiths  appeared  in  person,  and  conducted  his  case  with  much  good  sense  and  tact.  He  termed  the  case  an  attorney's  speculation,  and  observed  that  he  would  have  employed  conusel  to,  conduct  his  case,  were  it  not  that  he  knew,  if  the  verdict  was  in  his  favor,  he  could  not  recover  costs  from  the  plaintiff.—The  court,  however,  remarked,  on  summing  up  the  evidence,  that  the  action  could  not  be  termed  an  attor attorney's  ney's attorney's  speculation,  inasmuch  as  the  plaintiff  had  suffered  serious  injury.—Verdict  for  the  plaintiff—£3  damages.  DAVIES  v.  PEERS.—Mr.  Blair,  instructed  by  Mr.  Ather Atherton'  ton' Atherton'  appeared  for  the  plaintiff;  and  Mr.  Simon,  instructed  by  Mr.  Roby,  appeared  for  the  defendant.  The  action  was  brought  to  recover  £l5O,  under  the  following  circumstances  :  It  appeared,  from  the  statement  of  counsel,  that  the  defend defendant  ant defendant  was  a  publican  in  this  town,  and  that  a  few  years  ago  the  plaintiff  took  from  him  the  logarth  Vaults,  Litherland Litherland-IPV  -IPV Litherland-IPV  ThP  Vazilf;,  dated  the  18th  of  June,  1850,  and  it  set  forth  that  the  plain plaintiff  tiff plaintiff  should  pay  for  them  a  rent  of  £4O  a  year,  to  commence  in  July—that  he  should  pay  down  a  deposit  of  £l5O,  and  neither  re-let,  nor  make  any  alterations  in  the  vaults,  without  the  consent  ,of  the  defendant.  He  was  also  bound  to  keep  the  house  in  good  tenantable  condition,  and  not.to  violate  any  of  the  Excise  laws,  which  could  endanger  the  license.  Occupation  continued  under  this  agreement  up  to  the  month  of  July  in  this  year,  but  the  plaintiff  having  in  the  mean  time  taken  another  house  which  suited  him  better,  gave  notice  to  the  defendant,  and  endeavoured  to  find  him  another  tenant.  The  defendant  was  not  favourable  to  this  change— changehe  he changehe  refused  to  take  any  other  tenant,  though  several  offered,  or  to  accept  the  surrender  of  the  plaintiff,  who  accordingly  brought  the  present  action,  to  recover  the  amount  of  the  deposit.  On  the  part  of  the  defendant  it  was  contended,  that  the  plaintiff  had  violated  the  terms  of  the  agreement,  and  that  the  premises  had  been  considerably  dilapidated,  owing  to  their  being  so  long  untenanted.  The  examination  of  the  defendant  not  being  concluded  at  half-past  six  o'clock,  the  further  hearing  of  the  case  was  adjourned  to  this  morning.  MUNICIPAL  ELECTION.  MEETING  IN  GREAT  GEORGE'S  WARD  A  public  meeting  of  the  burgesses  of  this  ward,  favour favourable  able favourable  to  the  return  of  Alexander  Shand,  Esq.,  as  its  repre representative  sentative representative  in  the  Town  Council,  was  held  last  night,  at  Mr.  Lawson's,  Great  George's  Tavern.  Mr.  Wagstaff,  T.  C.,  in  the  chair.  The  CHAIRMAN,  in  opening  the  proceedings,  alluded  to  Mr.  Clayton's  resignation  as  their  representative,  and  moved  the  thanks  of  the  electors  to  him,  for  the  attention  he  had  paid  to  the  interests  of  the  ward  during  the  time  he  had  represented  it.  Mr.  THISTLE  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  unani unanimously  mously unanimously  adopted.  Mr.  CLAYTON  briefly  acknowledged  the  compliment.  Mr.  Alderman  COOPER  then  moved  a  resolution  to  the  effect  that  Mr.  Alexander  Shand  was  a  fit  and  proper  per person  son person  to  represent  the  ward  in  the  town  council.  His  position  as  a  merchant  and  shipowner  of  long  standing,  and  his  great  experience,  well  qualified  him  to  attend  to  their  interests.  Mr.  CLAYTON  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  unani unanimously  mously unanimously  carried.  Mr.  SHAND  then  came  forward  and  was  loudly  applauded.  After  praying  their  indulgence,  as  it  was  the  first  time  he  was  about  to  speak  on  his  own  behalf,  he  said  he  had  no  antece antecedents  dents antecedents  to  bring  forward  as  to  his  character,  to  induce  them  to  return  him  for  the  first  time  to  the  Council.  He  came  amongst  them  as  an  untried  man,  and  therefore  they  should  take  his  word  for  his  good  intentions.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  (Mr.  Shand)  believed  that  it  had  been  stated  that  he  was  the  nominee  of  the  Constitutional  Association.  (No,  no.)  He  did  not  mean  that  the  meeting  said  so,  hut  if  any  of  them  read  the  Journal  of  last  Saturday,  they  would  find  that  it  said  so.  (Cries  of  don't  read  it.'s)  He  owed  nothing  to  the  Con  stitutional  Society,  the  only  parties  to  whom  he  was  indebted  were  toe  gentlemen  wnose  names  were  to  too  requisition  winen  he  held  in  his  hand.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  believed  that  the  matters  most  occupying  the  public  mind  at  the  present  moment  were  Town  improvements.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  was  certain  that  if  Park-lane  were  widened  so  as  to  make  a  good  thorough thoroughfare  fare thoroughfare  from  the  south  to  the  north  end  of  the  town,  it  would  be  one  of  the  greatest  benefits  that  could  possibly  be  conferred  on  Liverpool.  He  was  aware  that  there  was  a  strong  party  for  the  widening  of  Church-street,  and  as  he  conceived  it  would  ibe  a  great  improvement  if  that  were  done  to  some  extent,  he  did  not  know  but  that  if  it  were  brought  forward  in  a  judicious  shape  he  would  support  it,  though  at  the  same  time  he  would  advocate  the  widening  of  Park-lane  in  preference  to  it.  (Applause.)  He  thought  that  the  baths  and  washhouses  should  be  made  as  perfect  as  it  was  possible  for  them  to  be,  if  the  poor  were  to  have  the  benefit  of  them  at  all  ;  and  as  there  was  a  scheme  before  the  Council  to  bring  saltwater  up  to  all  the  baths,  he  would  support  it,  and  thereby  enable  the  poor  to  enjoy  that  luxury  or  comfort  as  well  as  the  rich.  As  for  politics,  he  thought  they  ought  not  to  be  carried  into  the  Council  chamber,  if  they  could  possibly  be  avoided.  (Hear,  hear.)  But  if  his  political  opinions  had  to  be  exercised,  he  would  determinedly  maintain  those  in  which  he  had  been  brought  up—his  conservative  principles.  (Applause.)  As  to  the  education  of  the  poor,  his  firm  con conviction  viction conviction  was  that  there  was  but  one  education  they  could  give  them,  and  that  was,  to  found  their  education  on  the  Bible.  (Hear,  hear.)  Let  them  give  the  poor  man  a  sound  Scriptural  education,  and  they  made  him  a  good  subject,  who  would  fear  his  God,  honour  his  Queen,  and  obey  the  laws  ;  (applause)  and  who,  leaving  the  public-house,  would  seek  in  the  bosom STYLE=superscript  of  his  family,  that  peace  and  comfort  which  was  only  to  be  found  in  the  domestic  circle.  (Hear,  hear.)  A  committee  was  then  appointed,  and  the  meeting  separ separated.  ated. separated.  Jones,  Shopkeeper,  FATAL  ACCIDENT.—WiIIiam  living  at  23,  Drury-lane,  66  years  old,  went  at  two  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning,  to  watch  the  b  arque  Crusader,  lying  at  the  Last  side  of  Georges'  dock.  He  had  been  drinking,  and  was  only  about  three  hours  in  bed.  It  appears  that  soon  after  getting  on  board  the  ship  he  fell  off  the  stage,  and  died  from  paralysis  brought  on  by  the  injuries  which  he  received.  EXPENCES  FOR STYLE=superscript  TRANSPORTATION.—III  a  late  re return  turn return  it  is  stated  that  the  expenees  of  transportation  in  the  year  ended  the  6th  of  'January  last,  were  £87,337.  NEWMARKET  RACES—YESTERDAY.  Handicap  Sweepstakes,  D.M.  Dead  Heat  with  Snarry  and  Lucy  Banks  colt.  Four  ran.  Handicap  Sweepstakes.  First  Half  A.b.M.  Loretta  1  Eight  ran.  Sweepstakes  of  10  sous  F.  by  Vernlam  ..  A55ayer..................  Ab.M.  Four  ran.  £5O  Subscription  Plate.  Vestige  Seven  ran  LIVERPOOL  MA  RK  ETS.--YESTERDAY.  •  Written  expressly  for  the  _Northern  Daily  Times  :  SUGAR  continues  very  quiet,  and  the  sales  to  day  are  limit•  ed  to  680  bags  low  grainy  Bengal  at  29s  to  34s  per  cwt.  In  MOLASSES  rather  more  has  being  doing  again,  160  pun.  cheons  Antgua  having  been  sold  at  17s  41.1  per  cwt.  from  the  quay.  Of  rum  no  sales  CoFFRE.—A  cargo  of  Rio,  consisting  of  about  2200  bags,  has  been  sold  at  last  for  a  new  continental  port  at  45.  6d  par  cwt.  Nothing  further  has  transpired  in  RicE;  but  a  small  parcel  of  pearl  sago  is  reported  at  20s  per  cwt  ;  and  15  tons  sapan  wood  at  £l2  5s  per  ton.  _  In  TEA  there  has  been  less  doing  to  day,  in  consequence  of  helders  witholding  their  stocks  from  the  market,  waiting  the  receipt  of  the  China  letter.  A  large  quantity  of  produce  was  brought  forward  to  day  for  public  sale,  but  comparatively  little  took  place.  About  15  casks  of  TARTAR  were  disposed  of  chiefly  brown,  realising  108  s  to  112  s;  grey  116  s  and  cream  140  s;  also,  a  few  casks  white  ARGOLS  at  101  s;  400  bags  MYRABOLAMS  at  On  0.2  ,  i  cases  brown  CASTOR  Ott  .4.  Did  per  lb.,  and  350  bags  LIN LINSEED  SEED LINSEED  at  20a  to  53s  per  quarter.  vui,ur.—ine  sales  to  day  are  MU  to  ()Ulm  bales,  all  to  the  trade.  The  market  has  been  somewhat  depressed,  and  closes  more  early  than  yesterday,  owing,  no  doubt,  to  the  ad advices  vices advices  brought  by  the  Baltic.  Compared  with  Friday's  rates,  prices  of  all  sorts  are  little  or  more  changed."
