text
"THE  FRENCH  FUNDS.  PARIS,  TUESDAY  EVENING.  The  French  Funds  closed  to-day  at  the  following  prices  :--Four  and  a  Half  per  Cents,  91f.  50e.  ;  Three  per  Cents,  63f  sc.  FRANCE.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  PARIS,  MONDAY  EVENING,  Rumours  have  been  current  during  the  last  levy'  days  that  a  war  with  Prussia  was  imminent,  and  they  received  a  certain  degree  of  confirmation  from  the  very  violent  article  which  appeared  in  the  Morning  Post  a  few  days  ago.  But  lam  assured  to  day,  in  well  tufo'  wed  quat  lets,  that  the  praeit  intention  of  England  and  France  is  not  to  force'  Prussia  into  war  this  year  if  they  can  help  it.  am  told,  too,  that  the  principal  foundation  of  tha  rumours  referred  to  was  some  declara declarations  tions declarations  against  Prussia  made  by  a  General'  connected  with  the  Court,  at  a  dinner  party  the  other  day,  but  I  hear  that  the  Prussian  Minister  has  been  assured  that  he  spoke  without  authority.  On  the  other  hand,  I  understand  that  England  and  France  are  determined  to  put  a  stop  to,  or  at  least  checking,  the  very  active  trade  which  since  the  commencement  of  the  war  Prussia  110  carried  on  with  Russia.  All  accounts  from  Germany  confirm  the  fact  which  I  announced  to  you  a  few  days  back,  namely  that  the  inert  German  Governments,  since  the  receipt  of  the  Russian  circular  of  the  22nd  ult.,  are  much  less  hearty  in  their  support  of  the  proposr  tions  of  the  Allies.  A  good  deal  of  sensation  has  been  caused  to-dal,  by  a  letter  from  Berlin  in  the  Emancipation  of  Brussels,  stating  that  the  Czar  Alexander  received  the  Austrian  propositinns  from  Count  Esterhazy  in  a  very  icy  manner—that  he  made  no  answer  to  the  Count's  supplication  to  him  to  accept  them-  - STYLE=superscript  that  he  merely  questioned  him  about  his  journey  , STYLE=superscript  and  that  a  second  attempt  of  the  Count  to  get  an  answer  led  to  no  result  ;  whereupon  he  left  the  Czar.  It  is  possible  that  the  Emancipatio  l STYLE=superscript  is  somewhat  premature  in  giving  these  details  ;  but  you  will  remem  b  er  t  h  at  i STYLE=superscript  have  already  informed  you,  on  the  best  authority,  that  the  French  Government  has  rs;  ceived  information  to  th  e  e  ff  ec  t  th  a  t  th  e  m  i  ss  i  on  Count  Esterhazy  is  sure  to  end  in  failure.  The  same  correspondent  of  the  Emancipation  says  the  rupture  of  diplomatic  relations  betweefl  Austria  and  Russia,  which  is  expected,  as  the  consequence  of  the  latter's  refusal  to  accept  the  former's  propositions,  will  cause  Austria  to  place  her  army  on  a  war  footing,  a  n  d  even  to  take  pa  r'  in  the  war;  and  he  asserts,  that  France  has  under'  ;  taken  to  send  to  her  /  assist  ance  an  army  100,000  men.  These  assertions,  however,  appear  to  be  very  rash  ;  at  all  events  they  require  con'  The  semi-official  Constitutionnel  has  to-day  01/ STYLE=superscript  article  in  which  the  rejection  by  Russia  o  f  the  Austrian  propositions  is  considered  as  a  matter  0) STYLE=superscript  no  doubt,  and  in  which  Russia  in  consequence  thereof  is  threatened  with  war  a  outrance.  General  Bosquet  has  been  summoned  to  PO  to  take  part  in  the  Great  Council  of  War  which  i  f; STYLE=superscript  about  to  be  held.  The  raising  of  the  interest  on  Treasury  Bill  mentioned  in  my  letter  of  yesterday,  is  a  proof  thIL  the  government  is  in  want  o  f  money,  an  d  t  h  a  t  must,  before  long,  have  recourse  to  a  loan.  The  last  accounts  from  Constantinople,  whic  h STYLE=superscript  came  down  to  the  27th  ult.,  say,  that  the  greatest  indignation  was  felt  against  Omar  Paeha,  for  1:  1° STYLE=superscript  (  having  velieved  Kars,  and  that  there  was  a  talk  sending  him  before  a  court  martial,  an  confiscating  his  property.  The  Divan  are  making  great  efforts  to  place  the  army  in  Asia  in  a  pel,  tion  to  attack  the  Russians  iu  the  spring.  N°  o  withstanding  the  penury  of  the  treasury,  t,()  Sultan's  civil  list  had  been  increased  from  0,500.0  0  piastres  a  month,  to  10,000,000,  in  order  to  enab.  r  `  a  him  to  pay  off  the  debts  of  the  Sultanas.  Ji  o  the  Crimea  the  troops  were  suffering  fr°  0  the  frequent  sudden,  and  terrible  e  hang  e STYLE=superscript  e  of  temperature,  and  the  Russians  iv  e STYLE=superscript  ;  every  day  increasing  the  strength  of  tile.'  o  fortifications.  The  accounts  of  the  disasters  i STYLE=superscript  g  the  Black  Sea  are  terrible—two  English  freighted  with  stores  for  the  army,  had  gone  dos  s STYLE=superscript  '  at  the  mouth  of  the  port  of  Balaklava.  n  tfr  Nothing  ea  u  exceed  t  h  e  warlike  character  o  f  last  accounts  from  Russia.  They  represent  t  4,  1 STYLE=superscript  ;g  not  only  w  as  t  h  e  government  b  ent  on  continuitif  the  war,  but  that  the  nobles  were  offering  t  to STYLE=superscript  is  s  Property  an  d  serv  i  ces  t  o  carry  i  t  on,  the  Pr-eile  were  exciting  the  fanaticism  of  the  p  eop  l  e  ,  an  d  ',  c  l  most  gigantic  preparations  wer  e  ma  ki  ng  t  o  defe'  the  coasts.  MYSTERIOUS  CA  held  04!  1  SE  AT  WALTON.—An  i  nques  t  was  Monday,  at  the  Brown  Cow  Inn,  Walton,  before  O  .  ;  04  Driffield,  Esq.,  on  the  body  of  th  e  man  w  h  o  was  f  ou  nd  u'iti  in  a  field  at  Walton,  on  the  sth  instant,  as  mentionedtoof  this  paper  of  yesterda)'s  date.  Dr.  Johnston,  of  101 STYLE=superscript  ,0  11 STYLE=superscript  made  a  post  morton  exam  i  nat  i  on  o  f  t  h  e  body,  and  del  ) STYLE=superscript  o  4  before  the  jury,  that  t  h  e  cause  o  f  d  eat  h  h  a  d  b  een  se  the  brain  being  much  congested.  A  verdio'oo,  returned  in  accordance  w  ith  th  e  me  di  ca  l  testimony'.  tise  o  body  was  identified  as  th  a  t  of  M  r  ,  Th  omas  Foster,  victualler,  of  41,  Marybene,  Liverpool."
