text
"Hodson)  had  known  him  as  a  boy,  and  when  in  after  years  they  met  in  public  life,  he  found  him  occupying  a  high  position,  attained  solely  by  the  qualities  for  which  he  was  still  distinguished—straightforwardness  of  conduct,  unim unimpeachable  peachable unimpeachable  honesty,  and  sterling  integrity  of  character— character(hear,  (hear, character(hear,  hear).  Mr.  HENDERSON  also  concurred  In  what  had  fallen  from  the  other  speakers,  and  have  his  testimony  to  the  admieable  manner  in  which  the  Chairman  had  conducted  the  business  of  the  Committee.  The  resolution  was  then  put  and  unanimously  adopted.  The  CHAiamAN  said  that,  from  the  kind  manner  in  which  Mr.  Bigham  had  brought  forward  the  resolution,  he  could  not  sufficiently  express  his  acknowledoments  to  the  com committee.  mittee. committee.  The  resoluti  on  w  p  s  not  required  to  satisfy  him  that  he  had  the  kindly  feeling  of  every  member  of  the  com committee  mittee committee  (hear,  hear)  ;  but  the  present  expression  of  their  good-will  came  nearest  to  to  his  heart,  and  he  should  through  life  preserve  the  remembrance  of  it.  At  the  same  time,  he  did  not  think  that  he  had  done  anything  more  than  his  duty,  and  as  that  had  met  with  their  approbation,  nothing  could  have  given  him  greater  pleasure.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  HODSON  then  moved  that  the  thanks  of  the  commit committhe  the committhe  be  given  to  their  deputy-chairman,  Mr.  Alderman  Dover,  for,  though  not  indebted  to  him  in  the  same  ratio  as  to  their  chairman,  yet  the  committee  fully  appreciated  his  exertions  in  their  and  the  public  service.  Mr.  H4LHEAD  - STYLE=superscript  seconded  the  motion,  which  was  unani=  mously  adopted;  The  CHAIRMAN,  in  the  absence  of  Mr.  Dover,  acknow acknowledged  ledged acknowledged  the  compliment.  The  committee  then  adjourned."
