text
"LONDON  LAW  COURTS.  COURT  OF  QUEEN'S  BENCE;  YESTERDAY.  FRANKS  V.  WLLLMRB.  AND  SMITH.  In  this  case,.  in  which  a  rule  nisi  was  obtained  by  Sir  Frederick  Thesiger,  to  file  a  criminal  information  against  hicssrs.  Willmer  and  Smith,  the  proprietors  of  the  Liverpool  Chronicle,  for  a  libel  which  appeared  in  that  paper,  reflecting  on  the  character  of  a  lady  of  the  name  of  Franks.  A  learned  gentleman  (whose  name  we  could  not  learn)  stated  this  morning  that  in  this  case  he  did  not  appear  on  the  part  of  the  defendants  to  justify  the  libel,  but  to  express  the  great  regret  of  the  defendants  that  such  a  libel  should  have  appeared  in  their  paper.  They  stated  that  they  took  no  part  in  editing  the  paper,  which  they  left  to  a  gentleman  whom  they  considered  qualified  to  judge  of  the  matter  to  be  inserted  in  the  paper.  They  deeply  regretted  that  such  a  paragraph  as  that  complained  of  should  have  appeared,  and  the  pain  which  it  must  have  occasioned  to  the  lady  and  her  friends.  Sir  F.  THESIGER  said  he  could  not  allow  this  matter  to  pass  without  making  an  observation  or  two.  It  was  impossible  to  conceive  the  mischief  which  had  or  might  arise  fi.om  the  publication  of  the  foul  slander  vchich  was  cast  on  Mrs.  Franks.  No  public  journalist  should  allow  slander  to  het  into  the  columns  of  his  journal,  and  the  slander  of  which  this  lady  complained  was  a  most  foul  one.  It  was  impossi impossible  ble impossible  to  describe  the  pain  which  had  hereby  been  occasioned  to  the  lady  and  her  friends.  For  the  circulation  of  such  slander  was  calculated  to  make  an  impression  which  could  not  be  removed  notwithstanding  the  most  ample  apology.  But  as  the  keeping  of  the  slander  alive  by  instituting  ulterior  proceedings  would  not  be  a  judicious  course,  he  would,  under  the  circumstances,  yield  to  the  desire  of  the  parties  on  that  occasion,  and  accept  the  apology  which  had  been  made.  He  (  would  however  insist  on  the  payment  of  the  costs,  although  I  e  was  not  instructed  to  do  so.  Lord  CAMPBELL  thought  Sir  Frederick  Thesiger,  on  the  part  of  the  injured  party,  had  acted  most  handsomely  to  the  defendants.  No  public  journalist  had  any  right  to  circulate  private  slander  ;  and  it  was  to  the  credit  of  the  journalists  of  this  country  that  they  were  extremely  cautious  in  doing  so.  In  this  case  the  prosecutors  would  have  been  justified  in  fol following  lowing following  A  gayer.)  ootins.  '  but  as  the  milder  course  had  been  adopted,  all  the  court  had  to  do  was  to  discharge  the  rule.  Rule  discharged  accordingly."
