text
"FRANCE.  The  Paris  letters  of  Monday  say  it  was  expected  that  the  Money  Market  would  be  considerably  depressed  to-day  in  consequence  of  the  despatch  in  the  Ilfoniteur  of  yesterday,  This,  however,  did  not  last,  and  the  market  closed  a  few  centimes  under  the  closing  prices  of  Saturday.  The  appointment  of  General  Baraguay  d'Hilliers  Ls  Ambassador  at  Constantinople  appears  to  be  certain.  It  is  announced  positively  by  the  Journal  des  Debats,  and  it  is  added  that  he  was  to  leave  foz  Constantinople  this  day.  The  Presse  of  this  evening  states  that  he  tikes  with  him  a  suite  of  ten:  officers  of  engineers  and  artillery.  The  Siecle  states  that  the  General  goes  as  Ambassador  Extra Extraorcinary,  orcinary, Extraorcinary,  and  that  M.  de  Lacouri  is  to  retain  the  title  of  Ambassador,  hut  is  to  have  a  Conge  of  six  monhs,  The  Siecle  pretends  to  know  that  a  similar  coursl  has  been  resolved  upon  by  the  English  Cabinet  as  regards  Lord  Stratford  de  Redcliffe.  The  runour  here  is  that  Sir  Edmund  Lyons  is  to  be  the  English  Ambassador  Extraordinary.  All  this.  looks  as  if  war  between  Turkey  and  Russia  is  pgi  t  rdecl  as  inevitable,  and  yet  there  is  still  a  stroll/  impression  here  that  it  will  be  pre prevented.  vented. prevented.  The  Patric  of  this  morning  states,  that  general  Baragiay_  d'Hilliers  has  not  yet  left  Paris.  The  Couriere  ?Mercantile,  of  the  27th,  states  from  the  Papal  donalaions,  that  the  price  of  corn  at  Ravenna,  Forli,  aid  other  places,  has  risen  very  considerably,  and  'hat  all  the  porn  that  comes  from  without  disapiears  at  once.  Disturbances  had  occurred  at  Forli  and  Faenza,  but  had  been  speedily  put  down.  11r  qonfaloniers  of  those  towns  had  given  in  theirresignation.  FATAL  ACCIDENT.—On  Ilinday,  Henry  Holme,  a  porter  on  the  London  and  North  Western  Railway,  whilst  engaged  in  placing  a  wagon  upoi,  a  turning-table,  at  the  Waterloo  station,  was  accidentally  filed.  THE  DYERS  STRlKE.—Scaredy  any  alteration  has  taken  place  in  reference  to  this  striki  since  we  last  drew  the  attention  of  'our  readers  to  it.  Oz.  Saturday  last  the  dyers  in  the  employ  of  Messrs.  Woodcrof%,  and  Co.,  dyers  and  printers,  Chapel-street,  Salford,  left  tler  work,  under  notice  from  their  employers  that  they  would  cfscharge  them  unless  they  consented  to  take  Bs.  per  week  less  wages  than  they  were  then  receiving.  Messrs.  Woodcroft  and  Co.  were  one  of  the  firms  that  gave  the  advance  of  3s,  per  week  as  asked  for  by  the  men,  and  finding  that  some  large  em employers  ployers employers  had  not  given  the  advance,  they  made  up  their  minds  to  revert  to  the  old  wages.  On  Monday  the  hands,  only  we  believe  about  26  in  number,  remained  out,  but  on  Tuesday  (yesterday)  morning,  some  of  them  returned  to  work  at  the  reduced  amount  of  wages.  Others  of  the  hands  the  employers  refused  to  permit  to  return  to  their  work—r  and  for  doing  that  they  have  much  to  answelfer."
