text
"THE  OVERLAND  MAIL  TRIATE,  Oct.  24.—The  steamer  Bombay  arrived  at  eleven  o'clock  a.m.,  in  120  hours  from  Alexan Alexandria.  dria. Alexandria.  The  Indian  mail  had  arrived  at  Alexandria  with  dates  from  Calcutta,.  Sept,  20  ;  Bombay,  Sept.  28  ;  Hong  Kong,  Sept.  9  ;  Sydney,  July  28  ;  Adelaide,  August  8.  Our  Burmese  acquisitions  aro  in  a  state  of  war,  being  overrun  by  large  bodies  of  armed  men,  said:  to  exceed  14,000,  who  occupy  fortified  positions,  whence  they  attack  our  posts  with  occasional  sue  cess.  They  are  said  to  be  instigated  by  the  King  of  Ava  Resumption  of  hostilities  is  considered  inevitable.  Colonel  Mackison  has  been  assassinated  by  an  Affghan  at  Peshawur.  Captain  Parker  and  Ensign  Bosworth  have  been  killed  in  an  affair  with  Arabs  in  the  Nizam  country.  Trade  in  Calcutta  was  good.  Exchange  on  London,  2  . STYLE=superscript  1.  ,  The  revolution  in  China  still  continues.  At  Amoy  the  Imperialists  have  had  some  success,  but  the  patriot  army  has  invested  Kai  Tung  Fu,  the  capital  of  Honan,  on  the  Yellow  River.  The  whole  country  is  in  a  state  of  anarchy,  and  trade  at  a  stand.  At  Hong  Kong,  Spanish  dollars  6s.  6d.  The  Constitutional  Committee  of  the  Legislative  Council  of  New  South  Wales  has  recommended  the  establishment  of  the  Upper  Chamber,  on  the  nominee  system,  and  negatived  the  proposal  to  make  it  executive.  Large  quantities  of  gold  con continue  tinue continue  to  be  found.  Abbas  Pacha  limits  the  exportation  of  grain  from  Egypt  to  250,000  quarters.  THE  CAPE  OF  GOOD  HOPE  AND  MAURITIUS.  ---  The  CalcUtti;;rived  .- STYLE=superscript  at  Plymouth  yesterday  morning,  bringing  advices  from  Calcutta  to  August  15th;  Madras,  Aug.  20th;  Ceylon,  24th;  Mauritius,  Sept.  sth  ;  Cape  of  Good  Hope,  23d  ;  St.  Helena,  30th  ;  Ascension,  October  4th  ;  and  St.  Vincent,  12th.  She  brings  a  general  cargo,  and  a  large  number  of  passengers,  among  whom  are,  from  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope,  Major-General  Yorke,  Captain  Smith,  Aide-de-Camp,  and  Major  Holdsworth.  The  summary  of  the  Cape  Commercial  AdvertisCi•  says  that  the  aspeCt  Of  affairs  beyond  the  colonial  border  is  unsatisfactory.  The  withdrawal  of  troops  and  the  abandonment  of  the  Orange  River  Sove Sovereignty  reignty Sovereignty  has  excited  dissatisfaCtion.  .Macomo  wants  possession  of  the  Amatola  ,Mountains,  but  has  been  refused  by  General  Cathcart.  A  'communication  has  been  opened  between  the  Great  Lake  and  the  vicinity  of  Walfisch  Bay.  A  party  of  Basutos  and  others  performed  the  journey  in  15  days  through  the  desert  into  the  tine  tract  of  country  on  the  river  Nosono,  which  lies  east  north northeast  east northeast  of  Walfisch  Bay.  Bayns  Kloof,  one  of  the  finest  mountain  passes  in  the  colony,  was  opened  on  the  12th  September  by  Mr.  Bocherd,  Chairman'  of  the  Central  Road  Board,  in  !the  absence  of  the  Lieutenant  Governor,  prevented  from  attending  by  sickness.—Second  edition  of  The  Times.  We  further  learn  that  the  search  for  coal  had  failed  Many  horned  cattle  had  died  from  a  disease  said  to  be  imported  from  Holland.  A  new  road  has  been  opened  between  Cape  Town  and  the  rich  corn-growing  district  of  Worcester;  the  Lieu  tenant  Governor  has  been  ill,  and  unable  to  attend  the  recent  meetings  of  the  Council.  A  brilliant  comet  was  observed  at  the  Cape  on  the  12th  September,  with  a  tail  about  six  degrees  long.  The  Bosphorus  left  for  India  on  Aug.  22.  The  Sydney  left  for  Australia  on  the  19th.  Four  ves vessels  sels vessels  of  the  American  surveying  squadron  had  been  at  the  Cape.  The  Hydaspes  had  broken  her  screw  on  her  outward  voyage.  In  Simon's  Bay  were  her  Majesty's  ships  Mman Mmander,  der, Mmander,  Hydra,  Nerbudda,  and  Comus  ;  the  Dutch  steamer  Hekla,  and  schooner  Dolphin,  and  the  United  States  ships  John  P.  Kennedy,  Vincennes,  Fenimore  Cooper,  and  Porpoise.  The  Australian  Company's  steamer  Sydney  put  into  Table  Bay,  September  14.  The  ship  Jessie  Smith  was  wrecked  August  24,  in  Orange  River,  four  men  drowned  ;  and  the  Isabella  has  been  driven  ashore  at  Espiegle  Bay—cargo  saved,  ship  may  be  got  off.  At  the  Mauritius  three  cargoes  of  sugar  had  been  sold  to  private  purchasers.  Good  yellow  from  4.40  to  4.50;  middling  gray,  .4  to.  4.25;  low  grey  and  yel-  low,  3.65  to  3.84.  During  the  month  of  September  the  following  arrived  at  St.  Helena  :—Clydesdale,  Koh-i-Noor,  Caroline,  Prince  Albert,  Forster,  Change,  Regina,  China,  Heury  Ellis,  Merchantman,  Victory,  Lady  Ebrington,  Time  and  Truth,  Don  Ricardo,  Cecilia,  Taglioni,  Persia,  Negotiator,  Reliance,  Thomas  Brocklebank,  James  Booth,  Ferret,  brig  of  war,  Sea  Horse,  Indian  Chief,  Quito,  Louisa,  Tulloch  Castle,  Catherine  Pemberton,  John  Melhuish,  Bella  Ma Mariana,  riana, Mariana,  Hellespont,  Gitana,  Ulidia.Lismore,  Duke  of  .Wellington,  Falcon,  Endymion,  Mary  .  Steward,  Kingfisher;  Canterbury,  Ann,  Eliza,  Sir  George  Polloek,  Julia,  and  Lancaster."
