text
"HOLLAND.  We  are  assured  by  the  Constitution  that  a  minis ministerial  terial ministerial  modification  is  on  the  tapis.  M.  van  Reenen  will  exchange  the  portfolio  of  the  Interior  for  that  of  Public  Worship,  while  the  portfolio  of  the  Inte Interior  rior Interior  will  ,be  confided  to  M.  de  Kempenaer,  or  M  van  der  Heym  van  Duivendyke.  We  are  assured,  also,  that  although  M.  de  Kempenaer  is  the  candi candidate  date candidate  preferred  by  the  ministry,  M.  van  der  Heym  is  considered  by  an  august  personage  as  the  most  proper  person  to  fulfil  the  ministerial  functions:  ATTACK  ON  THE  BRITISH  CONSUALATE  AT  TREBIZOND.  The  last  Levant  mail  brings  accounts  of  a  tumult  at  Trebizond,  and  that  the  British  Consul,  Mr.  Francis  Iliff  ,Stevens,  to  whom  the  protection  of  lonian  and  Greek  subjects  is  likewise  confided,  had  been  compelled  to  call  upon  the  Pacha  of  the  place  to  furnish  him  with  a  •  military  guard  to  repress  a  contemplated  attack  upon  his  dwelling  by  an  infuriated  Mahomedan  mob.  It  appears  that  a  Greek,  the  director  of  a  com commercial  mercial commercial  firm  of  that  city,  had  had  criminal  relations  with  a  Turkish  married  woman,  whose  husband,  having  suddenly  disappeared,  suspicions  of  foul  play  fellupon  the  Greek,  who,  fearing  for  his  life,  had  fled  to  and  taken  refuge  in  the  British  consulate,  subsequent  to  which  flight  the  Greek'S  domestic  had  been  arrested,  and  having  deposed  that  his  master  had  enticed  the  Turk  to  his  house,  and  there  mur murdered  dered murdered  him,  a  mob  had  collected  round  the  British  consulate  to  insist  upon  the  immediate  delivery  up  to  them  of  the  alleged  delinquent,  which,  of  course,  under  such  circumstances,  the  consul  had  refused  ;  and  on  departure  of  the  steamer  from  Trebizond,  the  consulate  was  still  guarded  by  the  military,  to  avert  any  act  of  violence  on  the  part  of  the  mob.  The  population  of  Trebizond  bears  at  all  times  no  friendly  feeling  towards  Christians,  and  this  oc occurrence  currence occurrence  has  not  by  any  means  tended  to  improve  matters.  The  British  consul  has  very  prudently  sent  away  several  of  the  female  members  of  his  family  to  Samsoon,  where  the  people  arc  more  peaceable  and  less  bigoted.  The  body  of  a  new  born  female  child  was  yes yesterday  terday yesterday  found  iu  a  box,  in  St.  Martin's  churchyard,  Great  Ox Oxford-street,  ford-street, Oxford-street,  by  Jacob  Hearns,  of  10,  Dule-street,  Everton.  It  was  taken  to  the  dead  house,  Prince's  dock.  THE  NEW  MAYOR  FOR  MANCHESTER.—On  Mon Monday,  day, Monday,  a  private  meeting  of  the  members  of  the  Manchester  City  Council,  was  held  in  the  Town  Hall,  at  which  the  no nomination  mination nomination  of  Benjamin  Nicholls,  Esq.,  cotton-spinner,  Ard Ardwick,  wick, Ardwick,  as  Mayor  of  the  City  fit  the  ensuing  year,  was  unani unanimously  mously unanimously  agreed  to.  To-day,  (Wednesday)  at  noon,  Mr.  Nicholls  will  be  formally  elected  to  the  responsible  and  digni dignified  fied dignified  office.  FATAL  ACCIDENT.—AIIII  Street,  wife  of  James  Street,  a  flat  man,  was  on'Friday  afternoon  cleaning  the  win.  dows  of  her  house,  66,  Guard-street.  She  was  standing  on  the  ladder,  when  her  foot  slipped  and  she  fell.  She  was  not  then  much  hurt.  But,  although  warned  not  to  do  so,  she  mounted  the  ladder  again,  getting  her  niece,  a  young  girl,  to  hold  it  for  her.  Whilst  hanging  over  to  get  to  a  distant  part  of  the  window,  she  over-balanced  herself,  and  fell  with  violence  on  the  pavement,  on  the  back  of  her  bead,  which  rendered  her  insensible.  She  was  attended  by  Dr.  Somnerp,  Oren}  ,  the  Dis Dispensary,  pensary, Dispensary,  but  she  died  at  one  o'clock  on  Monday  afternoon"
