text
"them,  there  was  nothing  affecting  the  character  of  the  board  or  any  member  of  it,  that  they  now  adjourn  sine  die.  Mr.  CARNE  said  it  was  Mr.  Bradley's  duty  to  ask  Mr.  Hodson  to  give  some  specific  charge  against  him,  and  then  to  bring  it  before  the  vestry.  At  the  present  moment  it  was  the  most  vague  thing  which  it  could  possibly  be;  and  he  (Mr.  Cane)  could  not  understand  why  Mr.  Bradley  did  not  communicate  with  Mr.  Hodson  by  letter  in  the  first  instance  to  say  what  he  meant.  If  Mr.  Hodson  then  said  to  Mr.  Bra Bradley  dley Bradley  he  had  exercised  his  influence  as  a  member  of  this  board,  and  was  willing  to  bring  it  forward  and  prove  it  before  the  board,  then  it  would  be  for  the  board  to  take  it  up  at  the  earliest  moment  it  could  be  gone  into.  The  vestry  would  be  the  laughing-stock  of  the  town  of  Liverpool  if  it  took  notice  of  a  thing  so  vague  and  trifling.  He  should  also  mention  that  the  .Albion  condemned  the  course  taken  by  the  council.  Mr.  DENTON  objected  to  this;  they  had  nothing  to  do  with  the  council.  .  Mr.  CARNE  continued  to  say  the  Albion  condemned,  in  the  strongest  terms,  the  taking  notice  such  things  as  Mr.  Hodson  said  they  would  be  laughed  at  for  taking  notice  of  a  vague  charge,  not  knowing  really  whether  it  affected  the  conduct  of  this  board.  Mr.  BRADLEY  considered  that  it  not  only  affected  him,  but  it  affected,  as  he  stated  in  his  remarks,  the  character  of  the  board.  He  was  charged  publicly  with  having,  at  least  by  insinuation—whether  pecuniarily,  occupying!  as  he  dierthe  financial  department  of  this  establishment,  as  one  of  the  committee,  he  did  not  know  ;—but  whether  it  insinuated  that  course  or  any  other  course,  it  became  the  bounden  duty  of  the  board  to  appoint  a  committee,  and  for  that  com committee  mittee committee  then  simply  to  ask  Mr.  Hodson  what  charges  he  had  to  make.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  That  you  should  do  yourself.  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  No,  no,  sir  ;  I  think  it  is  the  duty  of  the  board.  (No,  no).  The  CHAIRMAN  :  No,  no  ;  That  you  should  do  yourself  ;  and  if  he  says  he  means  the  Select  Vestry,  and  specifies  the  charge,  then  bring  him  before  us.  Mr.  GARDNER  thought  it  was  the  duty  of  the  board  to  inquire,  and  to  call  on  Mr.  Hodson  to  let  them  have  his  charge,  if  he  had  any.  He  should  move  that  a  committe  be  appointed,  and  he  would  do  so  as  an  amendment,  on  Mr.  D  enton's  motion.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Let  the  motion  be  read  first.  He  then  read  the  motion.  Mr.  GARDNER  would  move,  as  an  amendment,  that  a  committee  be  appointed  to  investigate  the  charge,  and  call  upon  Mr.  Hodson  to  know  what  charges  he  had  against  Mr.  Bradley  at  the  board.  He  thought  the  board  should  protect  its  members  from  any  such  insinuations.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  What  charge  is  there?  Mr.  GARDNER  :  There  is  a  charge  directly  for  malprac malpractices  tices malpractices  at  this  board.  (No,  no.)  Mr.  DENTON  :  There  is  no  such  charge  made  against  any  member  of  the  board.  ➢Tr.  GARDNER  contended  that  inquiry  could  do  no  harm.  If  any  gentleman's  character  was  attacked,  he  should  like  the  charge  upon  which  the  attack  was  founded  to  be  inves investigated.  tigated. investigated.  If  Mr.  Hodson  did  not  bring  this  before  the  vestry,  he  did  not  dare  to  do  so,  and  then  Mr.  Bradley's  character  would  be  placed  in  a  proper  light.  Mr.  CARNE  :  Well,  it  is  so  placed  in  this  resolution.  There  is  no  charge  against  him.  Mr.  GARDNER  :  The  resolution  says  there  is  no  question  before  the  board.  I  say  there  is.  Mr.  BRADLEY  only  wanted  the  matter  placed  in  its  proper  light,  to  show  that  he  was  fearless  of  the  charge,  and  that  it  was  the  duty  of  this  board,  in  whose  hands  he  placed  himself,  to  make  this  inquiry.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  You  shmild  yourself  call  on  Mr.  Hodson  to  know  what  he  means.  If  he  means  anything  specific,  we  can  deal  with  it;  not  that  I  know  how  we  can  deal  with  him,  because  we  cannot  summon  Mr.  Hodson  to  give  evidence.  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  You  can  simply  ask  him,  as  having  made  the  remark.  The  CILURMAN  :  That  is  your  business,  and  not  ours.  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  I.  do  not  know.  A  public  body  ought  to  look  to  its  position  in  matters  of  this  kind.  Mr.  HUGHES  remarked  that  the  board  was  quite  willing  to  play  the  pact  of  Jupiter  ;  but  like  the  carter,  Mr.  Bradley  should  first  place  his  shoulder  to  the  wheel.  _  Mr.  HUTITINSON,  who  was  in  a  great  measure  inaudible,  was  understood  to  say  that,  as  one  of  the  churchwardens,  he  had  called  the  meeting,  but  of  course  was  not  aware  what  business  was  to  be  brought  before  it.  If  he  had  he  would  have  been  no  party  to  convening  the  meeting.  He  thought  this  was  a  matter  which  this  vestry  were  not,  or  ought  not,  to  be  called  upon  to  take  cognizance  of;  and  in  the  present  state  of  the  vestry  those  proceedings  were  alto altogether  gether altogether  informal  and  irregular.  (Hear,  hear.)  If  they  were  to  be  called  together  whenever  a  person  made  a  reflection  on  the  character  of  any  individual  member  of  the  vestry  they  would  never  have  done  meeting.  (Hear,  hear.)  Just  refer  to  the  words  used  by  Mr.  Hodson.  He  said,  were,  he  was  sorry  to  say,  instances  in  which  that  gentleman  (alluding  to  Mr.  Bradley)  had  used  his  influence  in  other  What  elections  were  alluded  to  ?  Were  they  LO  tell  what  ALF.  axua.,,..  brs  that  remark  ?  If  they  appoin'.ed  a  sub-committee  what  were  they  to  do  ?  They  had  Mr.  Bradley  before  them,  who  said  they  had  made  an  attack  upon  his  character  ;  but  if  a  com committee  mittee committee  were  summoned,  they  should  have  the  plaintiff  and  defendant  before  them.  He  thought  it  would  be  irregular  to  take  any  action  on  the  vague  remarks  mad°  by  Mr.  Hodson  in  the  council.  After  all,  he  did  not  see  what  Mr.  Bradley  could  gain  by  a  committee,  for  he  did  not  know  what  parti particular  cular particular  elections  were  referred  to.  There  was  only  one  elec election  tion election  that  he  knew  of,  where  it  was  asserted  by  the  church churchwarden  warden churchwarden  at  the  time  that  a  certain  gentleman  had  no  wish  to  come  into  the  vestry,  and  Mr.  Bradley  reiterated  that  he  had  a  desire—  Mr.  Moss  :  That  is  not  the  question.  Mr.  HUTCHINSON  :  It  only  shows  how  vague  it  is  ;  none  of  them  could  tell  to  what  it  alluded.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  (Mr.  Hutchinson)  could  very  well  sympathise  with  Mr.  Bradley  ;  but  in  the  present  stage  the  vestry  could  not  go  into  the  question  without  having  something  more  definite.  If  Mr.  Hodson  came  forward  to  make  a  complaint  to  the  vestry  that  Mr.  Bradley  had  been  interfering  in  any  parti particular  cular particular  election  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  That  is  what  I  want  the  board  to  take  up  ;  it  affects  the  public  board.  _  _  _  `The  CHAIRMAN  asked  if  any  gentleman  seconded  the  amendment  ?  Mr.  Moss  was  anxious  that  an  amendment  should  be  pro proposed  posed proposed  which  would  ensure  unanimity.  If  Mr.  Gardner  had  got  the  committee  and  had  proposed  that  he  (Mr.  Moss)  should  be  on  it,  he  would  have  declined  to  act,  because  per perhaps  haps perhaps  he  might  be  somewhat  prejudiced  in  favour  of  the  posi  •  tion  of  Mr.  Bradley.  But  at  the  same  time  he  considered  that  at  the  last  meeting  of  the  council  the  ex-mayor  very  ungenerously  charged  him—  Mr.  DENToN  rose  to  order.  The  council  had  nothing  to  do  with  it.  Mr.  Moss  begged  his  pardon.  He  would  illustrate  his  subject  as  he  pleased.  The  CHAIIt3IAN  remarked  that  this  proved  the  great  inex inexpediency  pediency inexpediency  of  having  this  meeting.  They  were  getting  into  ques questions  tions questions  with  which  they  had  nothing  to  do.  As  he  said  before,  if  Mr.  Bradley  wrote  to  Mr.  Hodson  to  ask  him  if  he  meant  the  Select  Vestry,  and  'then  if  there  is  any  specific  charge,  and  he  comes  before  us,  they  could  not  help  investigating  it.  But  he  really  could  not  see  what  they  could  do  even  if  he  were  to  say  that—_  •  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  This  is  a  public  thing,  and  ought  to  be  taken  up  publicly.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  You  have  spoken  of  the  press,  and  that  is  a  tribunal  which  is  open  to  every  aggrieved  individual,—you  can  always  find  the  means  to  set  yourself  right  with  the  press,  and  if  you  write  to  Mr.  Hodson  and  ask  him  what  he  meant  by  a  specific  charge,  and  call  upon  him  to  substantiate  it,  if  he  cannot  do  so,  he  will  be  obliged  to  retract  in  words,  or  retract  in  silence,  and  your  conduct  will  then  be  set  right  in  the  estimation  of  the  public,  which  is  what  you  want.  Mr.  BRADLEY:  Yes,  that  is  what  I  want;  but  I  want  that  ,o  come  from  a  public  board  in  the  same  way  as  he  appealed  :o  it.  Tile  CHAIRMAN:  That  is  the  very  thing  against  which  he  protested.  He  did  not  think  this  public  board  should  be  made  the  instrument  of  writing  Mr.  Bradley's  character,  un.  less  a  specific  charge  was  made  affecting  him  as  a  member  of  the  board.  If  Mr.  Hodson  said  he  had  done  so  and  so,  then  it  might  be  perhaps  well  for  them  to  take  it  up,  and  call  on  them  to  substantiate  it  ;  but  he  had  done  no  such  thing.  Mr.  BRALEY  :  You  know  he  has  inferred.  Mr.  Moss  :  By  a  general  imputation.  The  CHAIRMAN:  A  general  imputation,  and  Mr.  Bradley  should  call  upon  him  to  make  it  speceific.  Mr.  Moss  :  I  think  he  should.  Hear,  and  laughter.)  Mr.  Wiirrry  suggested  that  the  Vestry  Clerk  should  write  to  Mr.  Hodson.  The  CHAIRMAN  protested  against  this.  Mr.  Wurrric  was  under  the  impression  that  Mr.  Bradley  was  charged  with  having  used  his  influence  to  cause  undue  elections  at  that  board.  That  was  Mr.  Hutchinson's  impres impression,  sion, impression,  and  it  was  a  very  general  impression.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  the  vestry  was  not  mentioned.  Mr.  liriiirrY  remarked  that  the  council  and  vestry  were  the  only  two  public  bodies  of  which  Mr.  Bradley  was  a  member.  That  was  well  known.  He  contended  that  a  committee  should  be  formed,  and  an  inquiry  made  into  the  charge;  for  otherwise,  any  public  man  might  make  insinua insinuations  tions insinuations  against  the  character  of  the  members  of  that  board,  and  no  redress  could  be  obtained,  unless  the  board  called  for  an  explanation.  After  complimenting  Mr.  Bradley  so  very  recently,  the  vestry  should  call  on  Mr.  Hodson  to  know  what  he  meant.  After  some  further  conversation,  Mr.  Moss  proposed  the  following  resolution  as  likely  to  meet  the  views  of  all  parties,  and  induce  them  to  come  to  a  decision.  Certain  observations  having  been  made  by  Mr.  Hodson  at  thp  last  council,  which  are  believed  by  Mr.  Bradley  to  affect  his  character  as  a  member  of  the  Select  Vestry,  resolved,  that  this  board  cannot  entertain  the  ques question  tion question  in  its  present  form,  and  consider  it  more  judicious  for  Mr.  Bradley  to  apply  to  Mr.  Hodson  for  a  specification  of  any  charge  he  may  have  to  make  against  him,  affecting  his  position  as  a  member  of  the  Select  Mr.  DENTON  objected  to  this  board  being  mixed  up  in  the  '  matter.  It  was  better  to  let  the  plain  question  be  put.  When  Mr.  Bradley  has  properly  matured  the  question,  then  let  it  be  brought  forward,  and  the  vestry  would  enter entertain  tain entertain  it.  The  CuAiumArr  said  in  answer  to  Mr.  Denton,  that  two"
