text
"your  c  has  been  remitl  - STYLE=superscript  ed,  and  £13,149  paid,  during  the  past  year  at  this  port:'  This  measure  will  be  a  great  advantage  to  the  sailor,  inasmuch  as  it  is  attended  with  no  cost  either  to  sender  or  receiver.  The  library  is  slowly  but  steadily  increasing,  and  it  is  very  pleasing  to  see  a  number  of  boarders,  young  and  mid middle-rged,  dle-rged, middle-rged,  and  elderly,  engaged  quietly  in  reading  by  the  library  fireside,  or  in  the  amusement-room,  innocently  enjoying  themselves,  after  the  monotony  of  a  long  sea  voyage.  The  committee  take  this  opportunity  of  thanking  those  friends  who  have  kindly  added  to  the  lityary  and  room  by  their  gifts  of  books,  periodicals,  &amp;e.,  and  to  those  newspaper  proprietors  who  still  continue  to  send  gratui gratuitously  tously gratuitously  their  papers  as  published.  The  chapfsiti,  the  Itev.  J.  .J:  Butler,  has  been  earnest  and  assiduous  in  the  discharge  of  his  ministerial  duties,  and  it  is  gratifying  to  know  that  the  attendance  of  boarders  and  other  seamen  ,  is  increasing.  Your  committee  pray.  that  God  mayprosper  and  bless  these  nrvices  to  the  moral  and  spirituid  good  of  all  who  may  attend.  The  school  under  the  direction  of  the  Board  of  Trade,  bas  been  very  successful,  and,  no  doubt,  will  be  eminently  so  when  its  advantages  are  more  widely  known.  -  This  department  - STYLE=superscript  is  under  the  able  tutorship  of  Mr.  Smart.  In  the  morning,  from  ten  to  one,  captains  and  mates  are  prepared  for  passing  their  'examination  ;  and  nautical  men  generally  avail  themselves  for  education  in  the  higher  branches  of  nautical  science,  Ste.,  at  a  charge  of  6s  per  week.  To  the  evening  school,  which  is  open  from  six  to  nine  o'clock,  apprentices  are  admitted  free,  and  adults  at  6d.  per  week.  In  conclusion,  your  committee  would  suggest  to  ship shipowners  owners shipowners  and  captains  the  propriety  of  using  their  influence  to  induce  the  crews  of  their  vessels  to  board  in  this  estab establishment.  lishment. establishment.  From  the  treasurer's  report,  read  by  Mr.  Tomlinson,  it  appeared.  that  the  expenditure  for  the  year  was  £5,602  131  3d.  Receipts—by  amount  from  sailors  for  board,  £3,877  12s  6d  ;  annual  subscriptions,  £231  178  ;  balance  on  cashing  seamen's  notes,  £34  Ds;  from  Board  of  Trade  for  use  of  offices,  £750  ;  total,  £1,894  Os  6d.  The  Chairman  moved  that  the  report,  with  the  treasurer's  accounts  now-laid  before  the  meeting  be  adopted,  printed,  and  circulated,  in  the  usual  manner.  He  observed  that  upon  occasions  of  that  kind  a  frequent  subject  of  regret  was  that  the  general  meetings  of  i  ns  tit  u  ti  ons  lik  e  th  a  t  had  so  small  a  number  attending  them.  To  him  that  was  always  a  subject  of  congratulation,  because  it  very  clearly  proved  that  the  Liverpool  public,  having  contributed  as  largely  as  £30,000  to  that  institution,  would  be  looking  after  it  more  narrowly  if  they  did  not  know  that  it  was  in  very  good  hands,  and  well  managed.  (Hear,  hear.)  Therefore  instead  of  the  thin  attendance  being  a  subject  of  regret,  it  shotild  rather  be  a  subject  of  congratulation,  as  showing  that  the  public  believed  the  governors  of  that  institution  had  been  good  stewards  in  their  - STYLE=superscript  management.  There  was  a  distinction  the  public,  frequently,  did  not  draw  between  the  local  board  and  that  home,  but  of  the  Home  he  was  happy  to  say  that  it  was  progressing  to  their  satisfaCtion.  The  number  at  the  present  moment  of  inmates  exceeded,  he  belived,  200.  The  average,  he  was  sorry  to  say,  did  not  come  up  to  more  than  about'  half  of  the  accommodation  which  they  had  there  prepared  for  sailors.  Various  causes  had  combined  to  pro•  duce  that  result.  A  great  deal  of  misrepresentation  existed.  Some  of  the  men,  when  they  left  their  ships  fer  the  purpose,  as  they  said,  of  coming  expressly  here,  had,  in  many  instances,  been  taken  elsewhere.  But  he  was  happy  to  say  that  the  best  of  the  men  visiting  the  port  had  come  to  the  Home;  and,  he  was  still  more  happy  to  say,  that  those  who  came  almost  invariably  returned,  shewing  that  the  comfort  of  their  lives  in  their  home,  or  club  house,  as  it  might  be  termed,  arising  from  the  cleanliness  and  excellent  fare  provided  for  them,  and  the  whole  of  the  arrangements  met  with  their  entire  approbation—at  least  they  had  not  heard  a  word  of  complaint.  It  was  intended  originally,  and  it  was  still  intended,  that  it  should  be  altogether  a  self selfsupporting  supporting selfsupporting  establish.r,ent  that  is  to  say,  that  the  parties  who  partook  of  the  good  cheer  there  should  pay  for  the  cost  thereof.  When  it  was,  first  established  a  calculation  was  made  that  it  would  cost  about  14s.  a  week  for  the  board  of  each;  that  was  making,  of  coarse,  no  charge  for  any  rent,  because  the  buildiug  was  erected  for  them  as'  a  present  to  the  sailors  frequentin  g  the  port  of  Liverpool  as  their  club clubhouse,  house, clubhouse,  their  property.  It  appeared,  however,  by  the  accounts  which  had  jut  been  road,  that  the  14s.  a  week  during  the  past  year  had  not  been  sufficient.  This  had  arisen  in  great  degree  in  consequence  of  the  charges  for  butchers'  m:-at,  for  bread,  and  for  various  other  materials  consumed,  having  been  so  high.  It  would  be  a  question  for  the  commit.ee  •at  their  next  meeting  to  take  into  their  consideration  whether  they  would  be  obliged  to  raise,  .or  whether,  expecting  that  the  prospects  of  peace  before  them  might  cause  a  reduction  in  prices,  it  would  not  be  better  to  continue  their  present  rate,  and  see  if,  by  an  increase  in  the  numbers  and  a  reduction  in  prices,  they  would  not  have  a  better  account  to  show  to  the  board.  The  other  great  objects  of  that  establishment,  in  addition  to  the  Home,  had,.as  they  were  aware,  in  a  great  degee  been  taken  from  them,  and  had  been  put  under  the  local  marine  board,  acting  uuder  the  Board  of  Trade,  for  which  special  acts  of  parliament  were  passed.  They  were  all  aware  that,  in  the  first  instance,  the  founders  of  that  insti institution  tution institution  were  so  satisfied,  that  they  were  likely  to  accomplish  the  great  objects  which  they  had  in  view,  in  establishing  a  Sailors'  Home,  better  by  their  own  management,  than  by  any  management  under  a  government  board,  that  they  did  all  in.-their.  pew  t  er-to  prevent  any  act  of  parliament  affecting  their  institution.  However,  they  did  not  succeed.  At  the  same  time,  they  were  gratified  and  flattered,  on  hearing  it  frequently  stated  in  the  llouse  of  Commons,  by  the  president  of  the  B  o  ard  o  f  T  ra  d  e  ,  th  a  t  if  every  place  was  like  Liverpool,  legislation  would  probably  not  have  been  necessary;  or  that  if  other  ports  - STYLE=superscript  had  - STYLE=superscript  Sailors'  Homes  upon  the  same  principle,  legislation  would  not  have  been  necessary;  but  there  was  so  mnch  complaint  made  from  London,  and  various  other  ports,  that  legislation,  as  was  stated  in  the  House  of  Commons,  became  absolutely  necessary,  and  they  were  obliged  to  bow  with  submission  to  the  act  of  parliament,  which  was  passed.  It  was,  however,  very  gratifying  to  find  that  in  the  formation  of  that  bill  the  framers  did  borrow,  in  great  measure,  from  the  objects  which  it  was  contemplated  to  carry  out  in  that  Sailors'  Home.  It  became,  when  the  act  of  parliament  Was  passed,  a  bounden  duty  upon  their  part  to  make  the  two  objects  work  harmoniously  together  as  much  as  possible.  The  consequence  had  been  that  the  ac accommodation  commodation accommodation  which  was  offered  to  the  local  marine  board  was  such  as  perhaps  could  not  be  offered  in  any  other  part  in  the  kingdom,  and  the  two  systems  were  working  together  with  as  much  harmony  as  he  believed  it  was  possible  for  them  to  work  with.  At  the  north  end  of  the  building  there  was  a  very  long  gallery,  where  the  sailors  congregated  after  their  arrival,  to  receive  the  balance  of  their  wages.  Each  sea seaman,  man, seaman,  when  he  had  been  examined,  and  after  he  was  satisfied  that  his  balance  was  correct,  received  it  ;  and  on  his  way  along,  he  passed  the  door  of  the  bank,  with  pub published  lished published  on  it  :  and  he  was  invited  to  deposit  his  money  there,  if  he  chose.  He  did  deposit  his  money  there  to  a  very  large  amount.  Last  year,  he  was  glad  to  say,  there  was  nearly  £21,000  deposited.  Then,  upon  the  other  side  of  the  building,  there  were  places  where  the  sailors  congregated  for  the  purpose  of  being  shipped,  where  they  could  be  in informed  formed informed  what  ship  required  sailors,  and  where  also  captains  could  find  seamen,  if  they  chose  to  come  there  to  look  for  them.  At  another  part  of  the  building,  there  were  rooms  well  arranged  for  the  examination  of  masters  and  mates,  which  formed  a  very  important  part  of  the  whole  arran  gement,  and  which  was  calculated  to  effect  a  great  improvement  in  sending  a  well  qualified  class  of  officers  for  the  British  marine.  Then  close  at  hand  there  was  an.  excellent  schoolroom,  and  he  was  glad  to  say  that  the  local  marine  board  had  been  exceedingly  fortunate  in  getting  a  very  superior  man  as  master,  who  had  made  the  school  not  only  self-supporting,  but  he  had  extended  the  school  so  much,  that  it  was  found  necessary  to  apply  for  additional  assistant  teachers.  They  had  asked  for  one,  and  he  believed  they  would  have  to  ask  for  more.  He  mentioned  these  things  as  they  were  all  part  and  parcel  of  the  objects  they  all  had  in  view;  and  he  mentioned  them  because  he  desired  to  show  that  in  some  degree  the  objects  were  being  accomplished,  he  did  not  think  so  well  as  they  might  have  been  if  they  had  been  exclusively  under  their  own  manage management,  ment, management,  but  under  the  circumstances  that  they  wore  managed  as  well  as  it  was  possible  for  them  to  be.  He  regretted  to  say  that  there  was  one  point  upon  which  neither  the  Bailors'  lest  rate  of  v  necessity  of  sailors  paid  sums  1  the  ameu  payment  &lt;  plied  to  the  in  4  of  all  the  materials  th  boarding  house  k  !laded  by  statin  report  and  ac  [at  time  ships,  c  nt  of  ptains  w  ant.,  to  the  whom  prumisea  upon  them  in  the  prices  obtained  from  the  crimp  or  the  (Hear,  hear.)  The  chairman  s  he  w  .ssing  them,  as  chair.  from  the  loption  of  the  ,dopted  Mr.  Tomlinson  moved  a  resolution  re-electing  the  retiring  members  of  the  committee,  with  the  exception  of  Mr.  Arbuthnot,  who  was  about  to  leave  the  town,  and  who  was  to  be  replaced  by  Mr.  Andrew  BOvd.  Mr.  Carson,  In  seconding  the  . STYLE=superscript  resolution,  expressed  his  gratification  that  the  institution  appeared  to  be  fulfilling  the  philanthropic  intentions  with  which  it  had  originally  been  founded.  He  expressed  his  satisfaction  at  the  general  aspect  of  the  report,  but  regretted  that  the  amount  of  annual  subscriptions  should  be  so  small.  No  doubt  it  was  originally  intended  that  it  should  be  self-supporting,  but  they  knew  it  was  very  difficult  to  carry  out  that  intention,  and  that  very  few  institutions  in  the  country  which  were  originated  with  the  intention  of  being  self-supporting,  succeeded  in  obtaining  it.  He  hoped  the  shipowners  and  merchants  of  Liverpool,  if  applied  to  diligently,  would  increase  their  subscriptions,  and  that  numbers  more  would  be  added  to  the  list.  The  amount  He  hoped  the  committee  for  the  now  only  £2lB  ensuing  pear  would  take  some  steps  to  endeavour  to  increase  it.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  motion'wis  adopted  'Mr.  Dart  hire  moved,  and  Mr.  Tyrer  seconded,  a  vote  which  was  also  pissed  to  the  chairman,  after  -THIIRSDAY.  )  report  an  extensive  business"
