text
"GLASGOW  MARKETS,  STOCKS  AND  SHARES.—The  market  was  again  weaker  yes yesterday  terday yesterday  afternoon,  and  funds  generally  lower.  Caledonian  Railway  shares  fell  £2  per  share.  Aberdeen  £2  ;  Glasgow  and  South-Western  10s.  ;  Edinburgh  and  Glasgow  £4.  To-day,  Tuesday,  at  noon,  Caledonians  are  quoted  at  474  to  47.  ....  FLOUR.—The  advance  in  flour  has  caused  a  further  rise  in  the  price  of  bread,  the  4  lb.  loaf  being  raised  to  9d.  first  quality.  PRODUCR.-150  hhds.  West  India  sugar  sold  yesterday  at  about  former  rates.  Ordinary  brown,  325.  6d.  to  good  mid middling,  dling, middling,  345.  Treacle  in  fair  request,  at  17s.  to  17s.  3d.,  and  syrup  19s.  6d.  to  225.  Cotton  continues  depressed,  with  very  little  doing,  spinners  buying  sparingly.  Cotton  yarns  and  piece  goods  are  still  inac inactive,  tive, inactive,  with  prices  further  in  favour  of  buyers.  The  pig  iron  market  was  rather  weaker  yesterday,  closing  at  635,  6d.  to  635.  cash;  sellers,  655.  6d.  to  665.  QUICK  DESPATCH--The  Trinity  Yacht,  Captain  Hounsell,  arrived  in  the  King's  Dock,  on  Friday  evening,  with  a  large  cargo  of  flint  from  Denia,  and  was  again  ready  for  sea  yesterday.  THE  DYERS'  STRIKE  AT  MANCHESTER.—The  state  of  affairs  in  regard  to  the  strike  of  dyers,  dressers,  and  finishers,  remains  pretty  much  in  the  same  condition  as  when  we  last  referred  to  it,  if  we  except  this,  that  a  report  has  reached  us  that  one  firm  has  offered  to  take  back  his  hands,  at  the  old  wages,  for  a  month,  and  that  then  an  advance  should  be  made.  Meanwhile,  the  operatives  remain  in inflexibly  flexibly inflexibly  firm  ;  but  we  sincerely  hope  that  if  such  a  proposi proposition  tion proposition  has  been  made,  they  will  accede  to  it,  for  should  one  firm  have  made  such  a  proposition,  we  are  naturally  led  to  infer  that  others  will  speedily  follow  the  example,  and  in  this  way  we  hope  soon  to  see  a  conclusion  between  a  highly  important  body  of  employers  and  operatives.  Meanwhile,  the  masters  are  obtaining  an  accession  of  fresh  hands,  but  it  is  said  by  those  well-informed,  that  they  are  not  the  most  skilled  in  the  trade.  PRESTWICH  UNION.—At  the  meeting  of  the  Guardians  of  the  Prestwich  Union,  held  on  Monday,  the  medical  officers  of  the  Union  were  present,  by  invitation,  with  a  view  of  advising  with  the  Board,  as  to  the  adoption  of  some  preventive  measures,  to  avert  the  threatened  visitations  of  Cholera  as  far  as  may  be.  Arrangements  were  made  for  a  sanitary  inspection  of  the  various  townships,  by  a  committee  of  the  Guardians,  and  a  medical  officer,  and  it  was  resolved,  that  the  powers  of  the  board,  for  cleansing  and  purifying,  be  rigidly  enforced.  The  reports  of  the  medical  officers,  as  to  the  general  health  of  their  districts,  and  the  absence  of  diarrhoea,  were  very  satisfactory.  Two  thousand  copies  of  a  small  hand-bill,  entitled  plain  advice  to  all  during  the  visitation  of  were  ordered  to  be  procured  and  distributed  in  the  Union.  The  provisions  o  the  new  Vaccination  Act  were  considered  ;  and  it  was  thought  expedient  to  alter  the  existing  contracts  for  Vaccination  at  present.  The  children  belonging  to  the  Union,  now  inmates  of  the  Swinton  Schools,  are  to  be  visited  on  Thursday  next,  PUBLISHING  OFFICES,  LIVERPOOL,  Ig,  SOUTH  Jour(  MANCHESTER,  9,  Paniclns  E  ST.  I  .  CHARLES  WILL  MO  IT.  PUBLISHER.  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLgER,  of  2  1 STYLE=superscript  '  Oxford-street,  at  his  General  Printing  and  Stationery  Establishment,  19,  South  John-street,  Liverpool.  WEDNESDAY,  SEPTEMBER  28,  1863."
