text
"EASTERN  WAR.  (From  our  Second  Edition.  of  yesterday.)  The  Tin  esmontains  an  important  leading  article.  It  examines  some.  of  the  effects  of  the  important  events  in  the  East  on  the  political  relations  of  Europe,  and  especially  considers  them  in  connec connection  tion connection  with  the  policy,  the  interest,  and  the  duties  of  this  country  and  our  allies.  The  attempts  to  patch  up  the  quarrel  before  hostilities  commenced  having  failed,  the  struggle  can  now  only  be  terminated  by  the  adoption  of  regular  preliminaries,  and  the  ultimate  conclusion  of  a  treaty  of  peace.  All  the  past  and  future  relations  of  Turkey  and  Russia  are  thrown  open  to  controversy  ;  all  exist existing  ing existing  treaties  are  annulled,  and  it  depends  entirely  upon  the  final  result  of  this  war,  and  the  attitude  assumed  on  these  questions,  in  what  form  and  to  what  extent  these  speculations  are  ever  renewed.  of  Turkey  is  enabled  to  treat  for  peace  on  equal  or  superior  terms,  she  will  then  have  shaken  off  a  series  of  conditions  intending  to  place  her  in  hu humiliating  miliating humiliating  subjection  to  Russian  influence.  If  Russia  succeeds  in  crushing  the  forces  of  Ottoman  Empire,  it  cannot  be  doubted  that  she  would  exact  the  revival  of  all  her  former  treaties,  but  impOse  terms  still  more  onerous  on  the  Ottoman  Empire  and  fatal  to  the  independence  of  the  East.  To  such  a  result  it  is  needless  to  say  that  Great  Britain,  France,  and  the  German  Powers  cannot  in  honor  or  policy  submit,  and  that  if  Turkey  were  reduced  to  the  condition  she  was  in  when  the  treaties  of  Bucharest  and  Adrianople  were  signed,  we  should  be  bound  by  every  consideration  and  at  all  hazards  to  oppose  the  enlarged  preparations  of  the  Court  of  St.  Petersburg.  Russia  has  therefore  no  choice  but  in  the  man  . STYLE=superscript  ner  in  which  she  may  abandon  these  pretensions.  If  she  actually  undergoes  a  defeat  by  the  Tnr4  - STYLE=superscript  s,  she  loses  the  results  of  a  century  of  ambition  and  intrigu,e,  and  if  she  triumphs  over  the  Turkish  forces,  she  must  prepare  to  encounter  behind  those  forces  two  at  least  of  the  greatest  nations  of  the  world,  who  have  indeed  a  great  and  wise  reluctance  to  take  up  arms,  but  who  will  most  assuredly  never  lay  them  down,  if  war  be  once  begun,  until  they  have  chastised  the  enemy  of  the  peace  of  Europe,  and  dictated  the  terms  of  an  honorable  settlement;  such  is,  in  either  alternative,  the  result  to  which  the  Russian  Government  and  other  states  of  Europe  must  now  be  prepared  to  lOok,  whatever  the  result  of  the  hostilities  now  going  - STYLE=superscript  on.  A  moment  may  shortly  (wir  between  the  termination  of  the  campaign  and  the  niter*  operations  of  the  war,  and  the  use  made  of  that  moment  by  Europe  will-  probably  be  decisive  as  to  the  possibility  of  extinguishing  this  conflagration.  If  ;.he  Emperor  of  Russia  persists  in  this  wild  and  wicked  course,  he  has  nothing  before  him  but  war  on  the  frontier  of  the  dominions,  and  if  he  provokes  continuance,  his  country  will  not  come  out  of  this  contest  without  an  injury  to  her  political  influence,  a  consideration  even  more  fatal  than  the  destruction  of  their  fleets  and  the  waste  of  her  resources.  If  the  German  Powers  join  England  and  France  with  heart  and  hand,  it  is  impossible  to  doubt  that  Europe  has  the  power  to  enforce  her  will,  Operations  in  the  Provinces  will  be  interrupted  by  the  season,  or  by  the  attainment  of  some  definite  result  of  the  campaign.  Are  the  mediating  powers  unpre unprepared  pared unprepared  to  impose  terms  of  accommodation?  If  England  and  France  are  driven  to  employ  their  forces  in  the  Dardanelles,  that  resolution  will  ma materially  terially materially  affect  the  issue  of  the  war,  but  the  Times  cannot  flatter  itself  that  it  will  at  once  terminate  the  contest.  Russia  relies  on  the  neutrality  of  the  Servian  powers,  40  hopes,  ere  lorig,to  enjoy  them  altogether,  in  opposition  to  the  Western  powers.  Peace  can  be  peremptorily  imposed  on  Russia  and  Turkey,  but  with  the  co-operation  of  Germany;  and  if  war  do  ensue  the  Courts  of  Vienna  and  Berlin,  next  to  that  of  St.  Petersburg,  will  stand  responsi responsible  ble responsible  for  it  to  posterity,  if  'they  neglect  to  perform  their  part  in  repelling  this  aggression.  24-7 STYLE=superscript  ?  ')OUGLAS  JERROLD  4ND  MR.  In  the  Sheriff's  Court,  Westminster,  on  Thursday,  a  tailor,  named  Andrews,  residing  in  Cork-street,  Bond-street,  sought  to  recover  from  Mr.  Douglas  Jerrold,  the  popular  author,  the  sum  of  £l9  65.,  for  clothes  delivered,  at  his  re-  quest,  to  Mr.  Henry  Mayhew.  The  liability  was  denied.  Mr.  Stammers  appeared  as  counsel  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Hawkins  (with  whom  wao  Mr.  Needham)  for  tho-  de defendant.  fendant. defendant.  In  December,  1849,  Mr.  H.  Mayhew  called  upon  t  h STYLE=superscript  e  plaintiff  with  a,  letter  qt  introduction  from  Mr,  Jerrold,  he  being  his  tailor  at  the  time,  Some  clothes  were  ordered  and  subsequently  delicvered  to  Mr.  Mayhew,  The  bill  was  £l9  65.,  and  the  question  was  whether  Mr.  Jerrold  had  made  himself  personally  liable  for  the  same.  The  bill  was  not  delivered  to  Mr.  Jerrold  until  September  last,  when  the  liability  was  denied,  and  the  present  action  was  brought  to  try  the  question.  The  case  attracted  a  good  deal  of  interest  from  the  peculiar  nature  of  the  evidence  given.  The  plaintiff  stated,  that  in  consequence  of  the  note  frem  Mr.  Jerrold,  introducing  his  son-in-law,  Mr.  Henry  May Mayhew,  hew, Mayhew,  he  went  and  made  inquiries,  and  afterwards  saw  the  defendant,  and  told  him  that  he  had  heard  Mr.  Mayhew  had  been  a  bankrupt,  and,  from  his  extravagant  habits,  he  would  not  trust  him,  on  which  Mr.  Jerrold  , STYLE=superscript  I  always  intended  to  be  He  told  the  defend defendant  ant defendant  that  any  guarantee  he  gave  him  must  be  in  writing  , STYLE=superscript  as  he  had  lost  £4O  by  a  verbal  promise  through  the  person  who  had  introduced  him  (Mr.  Jerrold)  to  him.  He  how however  ever however  told  Mr.  Jerrold  that  if  he  made  the  clothes  by  his  orders  it  need  not  be  in  writing,  on  which  Mr.  Jerrold  said  that  a  man  must  be  a  very  contemptible  fellow  if  his  word  was  not  as  good  as  his  written  promise.  Something  was  said  at  the  interview  about  the...  Statute  of  Frauds  being  made  to  assist  frauds.  Mr.  Jerrold  asked  wh  a  t  c  l  o  th  e  s  Mr.  May Mayhew  hew Mayhew  required,  and  he  enumerated  the  articles  in  the  bill  which  had  been  delivered,  consisting  of  two  suits,  on  which  Air,  Jerrold  remarked  that  they  were  more  than  he.thought  were  required,  but  he  added,  them,  and  no  It  was  understood  that  there  should  lie  a  special  entry  in  the  book.  He  was  requested  by  Mr.  Jerrold  to  endeavour  to  get  the  money  from  Mr.  Mayhew.  He  made  several  applications,  but  could  not  get  the  money.  He  applied  to  Mr.  Mayhew  in  the  Queen's  Prison,  at  the  request  of  Mr.  Jerrold.  A  letter  written  by  the  plaintiff  to  the  defendant  was  put  in  evidence,  in  which  he  requested  payment,  and  it  detailed,  a  co4veqation  in  which  Mr.  Jerrold  said  he  owed  him  nothing,  and  that  was  e  pod  on  which  Mr.  Andrews  remarked  that  it  was  not  good  English,  for  it  was  neither  honest  nor  true.  Mr.  Andrews  said  Mr.  Jerrold  had  paid  him  his  bill  which  had  been  running  for  four  years,  with  interest,  and  owed  him  nothing.  Mr.  Jerrold  told  him  that  Mr.  H.  Mayhew  was  on  the  Morning  Chronicle,  writing  the  Labour  and  the  London  and  was  at  that  time  (December,  1849)  in  the  receipt  of  from  £7  to  £lO  a-week.  The  principal  part  of  Mr.  Jerrold's  debt  was  contracted  in  1850,  and  he  paid  him  in  1851.  Mr.  Jerrold  had  told  him  that  he  was  too  and  the  account  was  sent  in  to  Mr.  Jerrold  after  he  had  ceased  dealing  with  him.  Mr.  Hawkins,  after  some  formal  evidence,  addressed  the  jury.  He  had  the  honor  to  appear  for  Mr.  Douglas  Jerrold,  and  that  gentleman  would  never  have  resisted  the  claim  'had  there  been  the  least  pretence  for  it,  as  he  should  prove  by  the  evidence  he  had  given  before  the  jury.  Mr.  Douglas  Jerrold  stated  the  alleged  conversation  he  had  had  with  Mr.  Andrews,  giving  a  very  different  version  of  the  affair.  He  told  Mr.  Andrews  that  Mr.  Mayhew  was  in  an  excellent  position  on  the  Morning  Chronicle,  and  he  was  safe  tetrust  him  to  £lO.  He  did  not  say  he  meant  to  be  responsible.  He  had  no  recollection  of  any  conversation  about  a  guarantee  in  writing  or  the  Statute  of  Frauds,  and  did  not  believe  it  had  occurred.  He  certainly  did  not  tell  Mr.  Andrews  to  make  the  clothes  to  his  order.  He  (Mr.  Jerrold)  had  been  paying  large  debts  for  Mr.  Mayhew,  and  it  was  not  likely  that  he  would  make  himself  liable  for  liew.  debts.  He  knew  Mr.  Mayhew  had  been  extravagant.  When  he  gave  Mr.  Mayhew  the  note  he  said  he  wanted  a  suit  of  clothes.  He  did  not  tell  Mr.  Andrews  to  make  a  separate  entry,  but  to  charge  it  to  his  account.  He  did  not  in  any  instance  admit  his  responsibility  or  ask  Mr.  Andrews  to  supply  the  clothes  on  his  account.  All  he  said  was,  that  Mr.  Mayhew  was  safe  for  £lO.  The  account  was  first  sent  in  to  him  (Mr.  Jerrold)  in  September  last,  and  it  was  long  after  he  had  ceased  to  deal  with  him,  as  his  charges  were  too  high  for  him.  He  met  Mr.  Andrews  in  the  street,  and  told  him  he  owed  him  nothing,  and  after  that  the  action  was  brought.  Mr.  Jerrold  added  in  his  evidence,  that  he  had  paid  hundreds  of  pounds  for  Mr.  Mayhew,  who  had  married  his  daughter,  or  he  might  have  paid  this  bill.  In  answer  to  a  question,  Mr.  Jerrold  said  Mr.  Mayhew  was  eight  years  younger  than  he  was.  Mr.  Under-Sheriff  Burch°ll  facetiously  remarked  that  that  answer  was  rather  avoiding  the  question,  which  was  as  to  Mr.  Mayhew's  age.  (A  laugh.)  Mr.  Jerrold.—He  is  50.  Mr.  Under-Sheriff  Burchell.—l  hope  that  is  not  con considered  sidered considered  (Laughter.)  Mr.  Hawkins,—He  is  no  chicken,  then.  Mr.  Jerrold.—Oh,  no,  he  is  no  chicken.  (Laughter.)  Mr.  Hawkins  said,  he  asked  the  question  to  show  that  Mr.  Mayhew  was  not  to  be  considered  as  Mr.  Jerrold's  son,  for  whom  he  had  ordered  clothes,  as  appeared  from  tie  bill  he  had  paid.  Mr.  Jerrold  was  cross-examined  at  considerable  len  , STYLE=superscript  rth,  and  repeatedly  denied  thhat  he  had  ever  said  he  woulfi  be  responsible  for  the  clothes,  After  Mr.  Stammers  had  replied,  The  learned  Under-Sheriff  left  the  case  to  the  jury.  He  went  over  the  evidence,  and  told  them  that  they  had  a  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TAMES.  painful  ditty  to  discharge,  to  say  by  their  verdict  to  which  side  they  gave  credence.  The  jury  had,  at  their  request,  the  plaintiff's  account accountbook  book accountbook  handed  to  them.  After  some  consultation  in  the  box,  the  jury  returned  a  verdict  for  the  defendant.  THE  POSITION  OF  THE  BELLIGERENT  ARMIES.  (From  the  Observer.)  The  latest  telegraphic  despatches  state  that  the  Turks  have  recrossed  the  Danube  at  Turtukai,  abandoning  Olte Oltenitza,  nitza, Oltenitza,  where  they  twice  defeated  the  Russians  in  the  present  campaign,  and  abandoning  alio  the  strong  position  of  Giur Giurgevo.  gevo. Giurgevo.  - STYLE=superscript  The  telegraph,  however,  is  so  thoroughly  an  instru instrument  ment instrument  in  the  hands  of  the  Austrian  government,  and  the  Austrian'  government  is  so  thoroughly  in  the  interest  of  Russia,  that  it  is  quite  unsafe'  to  attach  any  especial  credit  to  its  announcements,  unless  they  are  corroborated  by  an  independent  source.  They  are  not  so  in  this  instance  ;  and,  therefore,  the  news  though  possibly  true,  must  be  received  with  very  great  caution.  It  is  difficult  why  it  should  be  an  object  of  such  glorifi glorification  cation glorification  to  Russia  flow—assuming  the  fact  to  be  as  stated— statedthat  that statedthat  the  Turks  should  have  recrossed  the  Danube  at  the  point  indicated,  when  it  is  borne  in  mind  that  the  Turkish  army  made,  and  was  permitted  to  make,  the  passage  in  the  first  instance  without  the  slightest  molestation.  Again,  it  is  not  easy  to  comprehend  how  the  Turks,  after  being  vic victorious  torious victorious  in  several  skirmishes,  and  at  least  in  one  pitched  battle,  with  a  base  behind  them  consisting  of  the  main  body  of  the  army  under  Omar  Pasha,  and  a  fortified  island  in  the  middle  of  the  river,  and  with  entrenchments  of  considerable  strength  in  their  front,  upon  which  they  generally_  place  more  reliance  than  troops  trained  in  the  tactics  of  Western  Europe—it  is  not  easy  to  comprehend,  it  is  reßeats34,  how  they  should  have  been  oblige  ct  to  eyaouate  thdir  position  ;  All  these  considerations  stamp  the  news  with  doubt  to  say  the  least  of  it—and  render  its  probability  exceedingly  sus suspicious.  picious. suspicious.  One  circumstance  certainly  would  explain  this  retrograde  movement  in  a  satisfactory  manner,  inasmuch  as  it  would  reconcile  the  discrepancies  which  the  account  presents  upon  a  close  and  critical  analysis.  Concurrent  statements  exist  to  the  effect  that  the  animal  heavy  rains  had  set  in,  on  the  Lower  Danube,  and  that,  in  consequence,  the  whole  plain  of  that  river,  to  the  foot  of  the  hills  in  Lesser  Wallachia,  was  submerged,  Tn  this  case  field  works  —such  as  those  occu occupied  pied occupied  by  the  Turks  in  front  of  Oltenitza,  would  be  untenable  —in  fact,  the  whole  flat  country,  as  already  stated,  being  swamped;  they  would  be  good  for  nothing.  Under  those  circumstances  it  would  be  only  good  policy  of  the  Turkish  general  to  mid  his  troops,  to  the  higher  ground  on  the  right  or  Ottoman  shore  of  the  river  ;  where,  still  retaining  military  possession  of  the  island  in  mid-stream,  they  would  have,  as  it  were,  one  foot  firmly  planted  in  Wallachia,  while  the  Other  'was  firmly  plantedin  their  own  country.  It  is  probable,  therefore,  that  should  the  telegraph  have  told  truth,  at  least  in  so  far  as  the  reculatie  in  question  is  concerned;  this  will  be  found  the.  real  Gann  of  the  rearward  movement  of  the  Turkish  army.  But  should  that  state statement  ment statement  remain  unconfirmed,  still  more  should  it  be  contra contradicted,  dicted, contradicted,  the  votive  of  the  rumour  is  easily  explainable.  Some  days  previously  to  the  day  named  as  that  on  which  the  retreat  took  place,  it  was  known  at  Vienna,  the  focus  of  all  the  telegraphic  intelligence  from  the  seat  of  war  at  the  present  moment  that  Namik  Basha  had  set  out  on  his  way  to  England  from  Constantinople,  with  proposals  for  a  loan  to  the  Turkish  government  ;  and  it  was  surmised  that  as  Turkey  and  the  Turks  had  always  stood  high  in  the  money  market  for  integiity  ands  what  is  more  to  the  purpose  still,  that  as  a  nation  It  is  not  bnrdened  with  any  other  debt,  so  that  the  desired  loan  would  in  fact  be  in  the  nature  of  a  first  mortgage,  it  was  not  impossible  it  world  be  promptly  effected.  Here  is  cause  enough  for  the  propagation  of  a  lie  on  the  part  of  Austria--,independent  of  the  prospective  in interest  terest interest  which  thafpower  has  in  the  destruction  of  the  Otto Ottoman  man Ottoman  'Empire,  in  the  shape  of  the  provinces  of  Bosnia,  Servia,  and  the  littorale,  or  coast  line  of  Albania,  passing  into  her  possession.  In  this  state  of  things,  and  in  the  absence  of  all  definite  news  on  the  subject,  it  will  be  wise  to  accord  no  especial  credence  to  the  primary  fact  of  the  retreat  of  the  Turkish  army  across  the  Danube  at  Turtukai  ;  and,  in  the  second,  whatever  amount  of  belief  may  be  attached  to  it,  it  will  be  wise  not  by  any  means  to  look  upon  it  in  the  light  of  a  de,.  feat,  until  such  discomfiture  shall  have  been  satisfactorily  preyed.  In  the  meanwhile  it  should  be  borne  in  mind  that  the  Turkish  army  occupies  other  strong  positions  on  the  Wallachian  or  left  bank  of  the  Danube,  namely,  at  Krajova,  ICalafat,at  at  Rustchuk,  and,  probably,  by  this  time  at  Braa  and  Galatz,  which  latter  fortified  towns  it  is  rumoured  they  have  taken  ;  and  also  that  even  if  their  centre  was  re repulsed,  pulsed, repulsed,  in  part,  at  Oltenitza,  their  right,  assuming  the  occu occupation  pation occupation  of  Braila  or  Galatz  to  be  the  fact  would  be  in  a  state  to  close  the  road  against  return  to  the  R  u  :s  i  s  ,  ia  i  n:r_m  o,  y  in  the  event  of  a  defeat  on  the  one  hand,  or  to  shut  out  short  sup supplies  plies supplies  from  Bessarabia  and  Russia  Proper  on  the  other.  The  flu.  Turkish  general  would  seem,  there.  fore,  to  be  complete  for  his  purpose;  that  in  the  event  of  a  single  defeat,  the  Russian  army  would  be  caught  like  a  rat  in  a  trap,  bet  ween  t  wo  hostile  armies  on  its  flanks,  having  the  Danube  in  front  and  the  spurs  of  the  Carpathian  mountains,  which  separate  Hungary  from  Wallachia,  in  the  rear.  How  the  Russians  may  fare  in  Min Mingary,  gary, Mingary,  in  case  they  are  compelled  to  ta  ke  refuge  in  Transyl Transylvania,  vania, Transylvania,  is  for  'the  Hungarians  to  determine  ;  there  are  offensive  arms  enougS  left  among  the  Magyars  still,  and  stout  hearts  are  not  wanting,  How  they  ought  to  fare  at  the  hands  of  the  Hungarians  is  another  question,"
