text
"DR.  KANE  AND  THE  BRITISH  GOVERNMENT.  The  following  correspondence  has  been  made  public  at  Washington  :  WASHINGTON,  Dec.  8,  1855.  Sir,—ller  Majesty's  Government  have  lately  been  ap apprised  prised apprised  of  the  safe  return  of  the  expedition  under  your  command  to  the  Arctic  regions  in  search  of  Sir  John  Franklin.  They  have  also  been  informed  of  the  safe  return  of  the  searching  squadron  under  Capt.  Hartstein.  This  intelligence  has  afforded  sincere  pleasure  to  her  Majesty's  Government,  and  I  have  now  the  honour,  in  their  name,  to  offer  their  cordial  congratulations  to  you,  Sir,  and  to  convey  to  you,  and  to  request  you  to  communi communicate  cate communicate  to  the  officers  and  crew,  who,  under  your  command,  so  nobly  attempted  to  afford  to  Sir  John  Franklin  and  the  officers  and  crews  of  her  Majesty's  ships  employed  on  the  Arctic  Expedition,  the  assurance  of  the  sincere  regard  of  the  British  Government  and  people  for  their  generous  exertions.  I  have  the  honor  to  be,  Sir,  your  most  obedient  and  humble  servant,  JOHN  F.  CRAMPTON.  To  Dr.  Kane,  11.  S.  Navy.  PHILADELPHIA,  Tuesday,  Dec.  11,  1855.  Sir,—l  am  highly  honoured  by  the  letter  you  have  addressed  to  me  expressing  the  generous  feeling  with  which  her  Britannic  Majesty's  government  have  been  pleased  to  regard  the  efforts  of  the  expedition  lately  under  my  com command  mand command  to  afford  assistance  to  Sir  John  Franklin  and  his  associates.  I  shall  not  fail  to  communicate  it  to  the  sur surviving  viving surviving  officers  and  men  of  the  party;  and  I  pray  you,  in  their  behalf  as  well  as  my  own,  to  convey  to  her  Britannic  Majesty's  government  our  very  grateful  acknowledgments  for  this  mark  of  their  favouring  regard.  I  am,  sir,  with  great  respect,  your  very  obedient,  faithful  E.  K.  KINE.  Excellency  John  F.  Crampton,  Minister  Pien'po•  tentary.  THE  EDUCATION  OF  THE  ROYAL  CHILDREN  being  a  mat matter  ter matter  in  which  all  must  feel  interested,  a  few  details  of  the  manner  in  which  the  day  .  of  the  royal  scholars  is  divided  may  perhaps  be  entertaining  to  our  readers.  A  primary  regard  is  paid  to  moral  and  religious  duties.  They  rise  early,  breakfast  at  eight,  and  dine  at  one.  Their  various  occupations  are  allotted  out  with  almost  military  exact exactness.  ness. exactness.  One  hour  finds  them  engaged  in  the  study  of  the  ancient,  another  of  the  modern,  authors  ;  their  acquaint acquaintanceship  anceship acquaintanceship  with  languages  first  founded  on  a  thorough  knowledge  of  their  grammatical  construction,  and  after afterwards  wards afterwards  familiarised  and  - STYLE=superscript  perfected  by  conversation.  Next  they  are  trained  in  those  military  exerczke  which  give  dignity  and  bearing.  Another  hour  is  ag  h  ly  filled  up  with  the  lighter  accomplishments  of  music  and  dancing.  Again  the  happy  little  party  assemble  in  the  riding  school,  where  they  may  be  seen  deeply  interested STYLE=superscript  in  the  various  evolutions  of  the  lizenage.  Thence—whilst  drawing  and  the  further  exercise  of  music,  and  the  lighter  accomplish accomplishments  ments accomplishments  call  off  the  attention  of  their-  sisters  the  younger  princes  proceed  to  busily  engage  themselvts  in  a'carpen a'carpenter's  ter's a'carpenter's  shop,  fitt  e  d  u  p  ex  p  re  s  s  ly  for  them,  at  th  e  w  i  sh  of  the  Royal  Consort,  with  a  turning  lathe  and STYLE=superscript  tools  essential  to  a:perfect  knoWledge  of  the  craft.  Thus  they  early  become,  not  only  theoretically,  but  practically  acquainted  with  the  useful  arts  of  life.  small  laboratory  is  occasionally  brought  into  requisition,  at  the  _instance  also  of  their  royal  father,  and  the  minds  of  the  children STYLE=superscript  are  thus  led  up  from  a  contemplation  of  the  curiosities  of  chemical  science  and  the  wonders  of  nature  to  an  inquir  y  causes.  Thi  s  d  one,  t  h  e  young  into  their  carpenters  and'  students  throw  down  their  saws  and  axes,  unbuckle  their  philo philosophy,  sophy, philosophy,  and  shoulder  their  m  inature  percussion  guns— gunswhich  which gunswhich  they  h  an  dl  e  w  i  th  the  dexterity  of  practised  sports sportsmen—for  men—for sportsmen—for  a  shooting  stroll  through  the  royal  gardens.  The  evening  meal,  the  preparation  for  the  morning's  lesSons,  and  brief  religious,:instruction  closes  theXday.—Court  Journal."
