text
"FRANCE.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  PARIS,  SUNDAY  EVENING,  From  the  quarter  from  which  I  obtain  so  much  important  and  exclusive  news,  I  have  this  day  obtained  the  knowledge  of  two  facts  :—The  first  is  that  the  King  of  Prussia  has  written  to  the  Emperor  of  Austria  to  say,  that  he  considers  the  neutralisation  of  the  Black  Sea  with  the  conditions  proposed  by  Russia  as  perfectly  satisfactory,  and  as  the  best  basis  for  negociations  for  peace  that  could  possibly  be  found  !  The  next  is,  that  Russia,  anticipating  that  a  good  effect  would  be  produced  on  the  German  governments,  by  her  acceptance  of  the  said  neutralisation  with  the  said  conditions,  has  shown  herself  in  her  confidential  communica communications,  tions, communications,  more  arrogantly  indisposed  to  treat  for  peace  than  war,  and  that  her  Emperor  has  let  fall  the  significant  remark,  I  care  not  what  the  Western  Powers  can  do  ,  their  efforts  will  never  equal  the  power  of  Russia  in  It  is  currently  reported  that  the  reply  which  Russia  will  give  to  the  Austrian  propositions,  though  a  decided  negative  at  bottom,  will  be  couched  in  such  vague  terms;  as  to  keep  alive  during  the  winter  the  hopes  of  peace,  which  credulous  people  take  pleasure  in  entertaining.  It  is  officially  announced  to-day  that  the  Minis Minister  ter Minister  of  Finance  has  fixed  the  interest  on  treasury  bills  from  to-morrow  at  41-  per  cent.  for  those  of  from  three  to  five  months  ;  five  per  cent.  for  those  of  from  six  to  eleven  months,  and  5i  for  those  of  a  year.  In  commercial  circles  the  settlement  at  the  end  of  the  year  was  better  on  the  whole  than  had  been  expected,  but,  nevertheless,  a  great  number  o  f  bills  were  left  unpaid.  The  sales,  which  are  generally  large  on  New  Year's  Day,  have  been  less  this  year,  especially  in  the  dearer  sort  of  articles.  A  further  decline  has  taken  place  in  common,  owing  chiefly  to  arrivals  from  the  United  States.  Although  the  fetes  on  the  occasion  of  the  new  year,  have  caused  general  slackness  in  busi business  ness business  transactions,  the  sales  of  cotton  at  Havre  during  the  week,  amounted  to  6,800  bales,  and  the  arrivals  at  20.000.  The  stock  is  now  62,600  bales  ;  last  year  it  was  70,300.  Prices  have  fallen  lfr  to  21r  according  to  quality.  In  the  course  of  the  last  year,  the  total  imports  of  cotton  into  Havre  was  418,000  bales;  in  the  previous  year  it  was  425,000.  The  Council  of  State  has  ordered  the  confisca confiscation  tion confiscation  of  the  Hanoverian  vessel  Vrou  Honurna  and  its  cargo  of  973  bags  of  sulphur,  which  were  cap captured  tured captured  near  Lisbon,  some  time  ago  by  a  French  ship  of  war.  The  vessel  and  cargo  belonged  to  Messrs.  Weinholt,  Wener,  and  Co.,  of  London,  and  it  appears  that  the  cargo  had  been  sent  from  Lon London  don London  to  Lisbon,  and  was  destined  to  be  sent  from  Lisbon  to  Hamburg  for  Russia!  Amongst  other  preparations  making  in  the  French  dockyards  for  the  approaching  campaign,  two  screw  ships  of  the  line,  the  Arcola  and  Dona Donawerth,  werth, Donawerth,  both  of  ninety  guns,  and  three  sailing  frigates  are  ordered  to  be  fitted  out  at  Cherbourg  by  April.  The  Swiss  papers  state  that  the  recruiting  for  the  Anglo-Swiss  legion  is  going  on  very  favourably.  The  second  batallion  of  the  second  regiment  is  now  complete,  and  Colonel  Bundi  has  taken  the  com command  mand command  of  it.  The  accounts  which  reach  Switzer Switzerland  land Switzerland  from  the  Swiss  troops  now  in  Turkey  are  of  a  cheering  description.  PARIS,  SATURDAY  EVENING  Only  two  pieces  of  news  of  any  interest  con.  netted  with  the  war  have  reached  us  to-day—the  first  is  that  the  Swedish  government  seems  to  be  preparing  actively  for  war,  inasmuch  as  it  refuses  leave  of  absence  to  all  officers,  and  has  summoned  General  Bloch,  Minister  of  War  in  Norway  to  Stockholm  to,  as  is  supposed,  arrange  with  him  for  placing  the  Norwegian  army  on  a  war  footing.  The  second  i  s  ,  th  a  t  th  e  G  rand  Duke  of  Hesse,  brother  of  th  e  E  mpress  of  Russia,  has  joined  Saxony  and  Bavaria  in  pressing  Russia  to  conclude  an  early  peace.  A  Hamburg  despatch  informs  us  that  the  Con Congress  gress Congress  on  the  Sound  Dues  which  was  to  have  com commenced  menced commenced  at  Copenhagen  on  the  2nd  has  been  indefinitely  adjourned.  The  Presse  of  this  evening  endeavours  to  show  that  the  fears  which  have  been  entertained  of  the  United  States  making  the  Sound  Dues  the  pretext  for  a  hostile  demonstra demonstration  tion demonstration  against  England  and  France,  or  at  least  a  diversion  in  favour  of  Russia,  aro  unfounded,  inasmuch  as  they  only  possess  seventy-two  vessels  of  war,  with  2120  guns,  whilst  England  and  France  possess  upwards  of  1200  with  upwards  of  29,000  guns.  Nay,  the  Presse  thinks  that  Denmark,  herself  would  be  a  match  for  the  States.  THE  HIGH  SHERIFF'  or  LANCASTER.--`De  unde.rstand  that  Robert  Needham  Phillips,  Esq.,  of  the  Park,  near  Manchester,  has  been  selected  by  her  Majesty  to  fill  the  office  of  High  Sheriff  of  the  county  of  Lancaster,  for  the  current  year.  THE  EARL  OF  EtorN.—The  presentation  of  the  freedom  of  the  city  of  Glasgow  to  this  distinguished  nobleman  took  place  in  the  City  Hall,  on  Friday  afternoon.  The  noble  earl  delivered  a  long  speech  in  returning  thanks  for  the  honour  conferred  upon  him.  On  Friday  night,  as  a  conclu conclusion  sion conclusion  to  the  ceremony,  the  Lord  P  rovost  and  Corporation  gave  a  grand  di  nner  in  the  M  Lellau-rooms,  to  the  Right  Hon.  the  Earl  of  Elgin  and  Kincardine,  B.T.  Covers  were  laid  in  the  central  hall  for  two  hundred  guests.  The  value  of  the  gold  and  silver  plate  employed  at  the  dinner  was  upwards  of  £lO,OOO.  COLD  IN  THE  PRINCIPALITIES.--The  Courrier  de  Bucharest  of  the  22nd  ultimo,  says  :  All  the  roads  in  this  neigh neighbourhood  bourhood neighbourhood  have  been  rendered  almost  impassable  by  tbq  heavy  fall  of  snow.  The  sledges,  which  are  gene  Tally  used  at  this  season  for  the  conveyance  of  passengers,  do  not  venture  into  the  country  without  great  circumspection,  or}  account  of  the  extreme  cold,  and  several  accidents  have  already  occurred.  Two  travellers  have,  it  is  said,  been  found  on  the  road  from  Craiova  frozen  to  death.  A  French  merchant,  who  arrived  here  a  few  days  since,  in  a  sledge,  from  Craiova,  narrowly  escaped  being  destroyed  by  the,  wolves,  and  only  kept  th  em  at  a  distance  by  frightningi  them  with  lighting  chemical  matches.  A  Turkish  soldier  in  garrison  here,  killed  a  wolf  at  the  door  of  the  stable  of  the  barracks,  where  he  was  stationed  as  a  .  •  A  MAN  Wall  THREE  WIVES  !--Yesterday  morning,  a,  respectable,  seafaring  man,  George  Lamb,  was  brougb%  before  Mr.  Chaloner,  at  the  police  court,  1 STYLE=superscript  13  r  Inspoctor  Horne,  on  a  charge  of  higamy.  Mr,  Block  appeared  for  the  prisoner.  The  inspector  said  that  on  Saturday  evering  he  arrested  the  prisoner  on  a  warrant  just  as  he  arrived  in  port  on  board  of  the  Chariot  of  Fame.  The  charge  against  the  prisoner  was  for  having  on  the  1  1  th  of  August,  1845,  married  Bridget  McDonnell  at  St.  John's  church,  and  that  in  February,  1848,  he  married  one--  Mr.  Bluck  :  appear  for  the  prisoner,  but  before  the  charge  is  gone  into  I  must  ask  for  a  remand,  as  I  am  not  ready  with  my  case.  Inspector  Horne  :  There  are  three  of  his  wives  at  present  in  court.  ,  (Loud  laughter.)  M  r.  Wybergh  :  Then  the  charge  is  (Renewed  laughter.)  Inspector  :  They  are  all  here.  The  prisoner  was  then,  at  the  request  of  his  legal  adviser,  remanded.  CHARGE  OF  FORGERY.—Yesterday  morning,  a  respect respectable  able respectable  looking  young  man,  named  John  Hutchins,  was  brought  up  before  Mr.  Chaloner,  charged  under  the  follow following  ing following  circumstances  :—Eaton,  the  detective-officer,  said  tho  charge  against  the  prisoner  was  forgery,  and  having  obtained  money  by  false  pretences.  It  appeared  that  in  June  last,  the  prisoner  gave  a  bill  for  £33  to  Mr.  'William  Jones,  a  joiner,  residing  in  Boundary-street,  and  the  hill  purported  to  be  signed  by  his  step-father,  who  resides  at  flawkston,  in  Salop.  In  reply  to  Mr.  Bluck,  who  appeared  to  defend  the  primer,  the  offic  er  sa  id  that  when  he  took  the  prisoner  into  custody,  he  said  his  mother  was  aware  of  what  he  had  done,  but  she  did  not  say  she  would  pay  the  bill.  Mr.  Gluck  said  it  would  be  better  to  let  the  case  stand  over  for  a  day  or  two,  until  the  mother  and  step stepfather  father stepfather  of  the  prisoner  could  attend  ;  there  was  no  doubt  an  arrangement  would  then  be  made.  The  prisoner  was  accordingly  remanded,"
