text
"r,  hear.)  H  f  trail  nted  the  new  proposing  the  Press  present  who  so  ably  rep  pool.  The  toast  was  drunk  with  enth  Mr.  Mettny  h  gentlemer  by  the  worthy  main  assembly  had  apers  of  Liver—  I  nition  of  the  usef  g  been  called  upon,  rose  to  respond  their  , STYLE=superscript  saand  importanc  s  to  himself—  se  woul  e  of  the  I  permitted  to  s  congenial  duty  to  the  jourt  proceedings  as  had  that  day  e  prog]  compli  eich  the  whole  l's  retop;  s.  (Heari  lige  in  abstr  I  alik  Tied  them.  ((  afforded  him  (  (ffear,hear.).  ,o  society,  but  no  mo  f  deactly  vs:arfare,  'and  of  —the  open  these'  It  —the  full  employmE  the  triumph  of  arc  id  activity  where  th  [►e  success  of  well  honoured  I  been  i  industry—  grounds:  A  that  day  seen  s  of  Ireland  skill  and  are  matters  which  could  not  be  of  indifferent  interest  to  a  native  of  that  country,  and  when.  he  (Mr,  M.)  saw  that  these  things  could  be  best  accomplished  by  affording  her  opportunity  of  frequent  safe  and  speedy  export,  he  could  not  but  rejoice  at  the  additional  means  to  that  end  about  to  be  supplied  by  the  vessel  in  which  they'  were  then  enjoying  themselves—the  Prince  iYatrick,  'Cheers.)  He  hoped  her  career  would  be  as  prosperous  - STYLE=superscript  as.  - STYLE=superscript  -rite  chosen  for  her  was  appropriate,  and  that  many  would  follow  until  the  nor►'  1  vessels  f  Ireland  could  nd  as  the  south  steam  would  boast  of  equal  facilities  of  tra  and  east—until  the  channel  make  the  two  countries  one  in  commercial  prosperity—until  the  hard  toil  of  the  laborious  and  industrious  CeA  would  be  amply  compensated  by  the  hard  gold  of  the  enterprising  and  thrifty  Saxon.  (Loud  cheers.)  Again,  as  a  member  of  the  press,  he  thanked  the  ass  em  bly  f  or  t  h  e  i  r  grate  f  u  l  _  _  as  an  Irishman  he  was  for  his  country,  (Loud.  zment  of  its  services  1  the  prospect  openiE  Our  representative  and  the  other  gentlemen  present  also  , STYLE=superscript  he  company  Dr(  Mr.  Cor  sed  the  ors  of  the  company,  and  the  name  of  their  respected  c  was  duly  honoured  man  in  a  happy  strain.  The  following followinggiven  given followinggiven  and  responded  to—The  health  of  Holme,  which  )uded  to  by  the  worthy  chair-  t  the  Lancashire  R  3erridge.  The  S  th  of  Mr.  I  chairman,  responded  to  r STYLE=superscript  hy  Messrs  Ha  we.e  then  after  spending  an  agre  , STYLE=superscript  diversified  by  some  e:  re  con  'ever,  befc  prince  of  caterers"
