text
"FRANCE.  --•••  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  PARIS,  TUESDAY  EVANING.  This,  le  jour  de  Pan,  is  the  g;tandest  holiday  of  the  year.  All  the  public  offices,  the  Bourse,  are  closed,  the  Post,  office  closes  at  an  early  hour—the  Emperor  is  receiving  the  great  bodies  of  the  state,  the  principal  state  dignitaries,  deputations  of  the  army,  navy,  and  of  all  public  bodies.  a,  •  •  ,  Parisians,  of  ill  s STYLE=superscript  elaises,  .are  hurrying  to  and  fro,  paying  visits,  kissing,  hand-shaking,  and  making  presents;  in  short,  amusement,  cordiality,  and  good  will  to  are  the  order  of  the  day.  The  3foniteur  contains  not  fewer  than  eleven  columns  of  promotions  in,  or  nominations  to,  the  Legion  of  Honour.  The  latter  consists  of  several  hundred  persons  of  all  classes  of  society,  from  the  highest  to  the  lowest,  and  of  sbldiets'of  all  grades  from  the  colonel  down  to  the  drummer.  •  A  telegraphic  despatch  from  KonigsbUrg  alleges  that  the  Russian  Gavernmett  has  issued  a  circular  to  its  diplo.  matic  agents,  in  which  it  decl  s  ready  t  accept  this  o  not  r  which  h  to  been  co  A  despatch  from  Warsaw  says,  that  the  Russian  Government  has  granted  the  peasants  in  Poland  the  right  to  possess  real  property,  and  has  decided  that  they  shall  be  allowed  to  pay  an  annual  visit  to  the  nobles,  instead  of  doing  personal  service.  PARES,  .110NpAY  -  -  -r  •  r  •  There  is  nothing  -new  about  the  •peace  negociations;  except  it  be  that  a  German  newspaper  pretends  that  Russia  has  aceepted  the  proposition  of  the  Allies  for  neutralising  the  Black  Sea,  provided  she  be  allowed  to  effect  the  object  by  a  direct  treaty  between  her  and  Tur Turkey,  key, Turkey,  and  provided  also  that  she  and  Turkey  be  allowed  to  keep  four,  or  six  vessels  of  warafloat  for  police  pur purposes.  poses. purposes.  The  newspaper  adds,  that  the  Allies  have  granted  the  first  part  of  the  Russian  demand  and  rejected  the  second.  For  my  part,  however,  I  do  not  believe  that  Russia  has  made  any  concession  of  the  kind,  and  her  newspaper  at  Brussels  (Le  N''  .  orc?)  asserts  positively  that  she  has  not  and  will  not  do  sri,  but  will  peremptorily,  reject  the  propositions  which  Count  Esterhazy  has  con conveyed  veyed conveyed  to  St.  Petersburg.  A  Berlin  despatch  says  that  the  nomination  of  Prince  Menschikot  to  the  command  of  Cronstadt,  which  I  announced  to  you  yesterday,  was  considered  both  in  that  city  and  at  St.  Petersburg,  as  aproof  of  the  deter determination  mination determination  of  the  Russian  government  to  continue  the  wars  r  outrance.  N  ew  Year's  Day  is  the  great  national  and  family  holiday  of  the  French,  and  on  it  everybody  visits  every everybody,  body, everybody,  and  makes  presents  to  everybody.  For  days  before,  the  shops,  especially  th  ose  w  hi  ch  dea  l  i  n  the  elegant  trifles,  called  etrennes,  are  crowded  with  pur purchasers,  chasers, purchasers,  and  the  sums  laid  out  in  these  are  enormous— enormous£4oo,ooo  £4oo,ooo enormous£4oo,ooo  at  least,  it  is  said.  For  the  convenience  of  the  lower  classes  stalls  are  erected  all  along  the  Boulevards,  and  there  are  to  be  purchased  at  them  everything,.  from  household  utensils  down  to  child's  toys.  In  consequence  of  the  preparations  for  to-morrow,  Paris  is,  to-day,  quite  topsy  turvy  ;  the  streets  are  crowded  with  carriages  carrying  home  people  with  piles  of  goods,  and  at  every  step  you  take  in  the  streets  you  will  find  papas  hurrying  homewards  with  loads  of  toys  and  bonbons.  The  Emperor,  as  usual,  has,  had  to  make  new  year's  gifts,  in  the  shape  of  an  extensive  distribution  of  deco decorations  rations decorations  of  the  Legion  of.lionour,  and  to  day  th  e  3loniteur  publishes  the  n  a  me  s  of  th  e  first  batch  of  the  happy  recipients.  The  large  purchases  made  on  the  occasion  of  the  new  year's  day  have,  naturally,  given  a  good  deal  of  activity  to  trade,  but  it  has  been.canfined  almost  exclusively  to  the  retail  trade  ;•  the  wholesale  continues  in  a  state  of  stagnation.  From  the  prudence  displayed  'since  the  commencement  of  the  financial  crisis,  or  what  thePatik  of  France  choses  to  consid  er  suc  h,  i  t  i  s  belie7ed  that  the  settlements  of  the  end  or  the  year  will  he  effected  with withoiat  oiat withoiat  difficulty,  The  Thud;  of  France  has  recently  made  extensive  discounts,  and  has  an  immense  number  of  bills  Aq.present.  ,  .  The  companies  which  have  been  formed,  to  obtain  from  the  governmert  -  a  ecineessioa  of  Trnn::,tls-nti,•  navigation,  witty  ying  to  effect  13  fusion"
