text
"THE  POLICE  IN  QUESTION.  gross  manner,  and  took  me  to  the  station,  where  they  offered  to  compromise  the  matter  with  me  if  I  would  give  them  half-a-crown.  I  did  not  do  so;  —  but  said  I  would  let  the  matter  . STYLE=superscript  go  before  the  court.  The  next  morning  I  was  astonished  beyond  mea measure  sure measure  to  find  the  inspector  make  a  fabricated  state statement,  ment, statement,  the  whole  of  which  was  a  tissue  of  lies  from  beginning  to  end.  I  had,  unfortunately,  employed  an  attorney,  who  said  it  was  no  use  saying  anything  —but  asked  the  man  a  few  questions,  expressing  doubt  as  to  his  statements;  which  he,  of  course,  stoutly  stood  to,  I  was  fined  10s.  and  -cOsts—  though  I  had  allowed  the  matter  to  gointo  - STYLE=superscript  COurt  with  the  intention  of  getting  the  man  punished.  The  man,  however,  soon  repeated  his  conduct  to  some  other  gentleman  and  got  discharged.  And  - STYLE=superscript  he  was  on  the  point  of  being  taken  on  the  force  again,  but  I  had  the  satisfaction  of  preventing  it,  by  having  mentioned  my  case  to  the  late  Mr.  Coglan,  chairman  of  the  board,  lam  glad  to  see,  Mr.  Editor,  that  you  are  taking  this  matter  in  hand.  The  police  can,  if  they  like,  be  very  oppressive  to  the  poor.  Great  care,  therefore,  should  be  taken  either  that  too  much  power  be  not  given  them,  or  that  they  do  not'abuse  it.  I  am  sir,  your  obdt.  servant,  A  MEMBER  OF  THE  SOCIAL  MASS  December,  1850.  TICE  LATE  COUNTESS  or  EGLINTON.—The  funeral  of  the  much-lamented  Countess  of  Eglinton  and  Winton  took  place  on  Friday  afternoon.  In  accordance  with  the  wishes  of  the  deceased  lady,  the  obsequies  were  conducted  with  the  strictest  privacy.—N.  B.  Mail.  Viscount  Lehon,  son  of  the  former  ambassador  of  Belgium  in  France,  having  lately  applied  for  admission  into  the  jockey  club  of  Paris,  was  rejected  almost  unanimously.  The  reason  of  this  failure  is  said  to  be  found  in  the  circumstance  of  this  gentleman  having  been  the  person  who  conducted  the  ba banished  nished banished  generals  to  the  French  frontier  after  the  coup  d'etat  of  the  2d  of  December.  It  would  appear  from  this  rejection  that  the  members  of  the  jockey  club  have  tenacious  memories.  DEATH  OF  MAJOR  BOWEN,  POOR  LAW  AUDITOR  FOR  SOUTH  WALEEL—We  deeply  regret  to  announce  the  sudden  demise  of  Major  Thomas  Bowen,  of  Picton-terrace,  in  this  town,  poor  law  auditor  for  South  Wales.  The  lamented  gentleman  was  found  dead  in  his  chair.  The  gallant  major  was  formerly  in  the  Prince  of  Wales's  regiment  of  hussars.  —Carmarthen  Journal.  THEATRICAL  CRITICISM.—Booth's  Othello  was  much  liked  in  America.  An  old  Yankee,  who  had  never  seen  a  play,  was  taken  to  witness  Booth's  performance  of  the  Moor  ;  and  on  being  asked  at  the  termination  of  the  piece  if  he  liked  it,  he  replied,  Ye-as,  amazing;  but  cuss  me  if  I  don't  guess  that  little  nigger  (Othello)  played  as  well  as  any  o'  the  white  fellers,  if  dot  better  l.&#34;—Bunn's  Old  England  and  New,  CHARITABLE  DONATIONS  FROM  THE  EMPEROR  OF  THE  FRENCH.—The  Emperor  has  ordered  the  sum  of  700  f.  to  be  paid  by  Messrs.  Orsi  and  Armani,  merchants  in  London,  for  the  benefit  of  the  Dreadnought  hospital  establishment  in  the  Thames.  Not  a  day  passes,  at  this  inclement  season  of  the  year,  as  we  learn,  without  the  receipt,  by  the  same  gentle gentlemen,  men, gentlemen,  of  like  instructions.  Scarcely  any  of  our  benevolent  institutions  appear  to  have  escaped  the  kindly  consideration  of  the  Emperor.  We  could  desire  to  particularise  the  dif different  ferent different  objects  of  his  Majesty's  munificence,  but  fear  we  may  already  have  said  more  than  we  are  warranted  in  doing  upon  a  subject  involving  so  much  delicacy.--Morning  Post.  A  PITMAN'S  SUCCESS  AT  THE  DIGGINGS.—A  man  named  Fxancis  Bagan,  left  Jarrow,  where  he  had  been  working  as  a  pitman  about  five  years  ago,  and  went  to  the  of  California,  during  the  gold  fever  in  that  country,  and  so,  fortunate  has  he  been  that  in  a  letter  directed  to  his  wife,  who  Is  at  present  earning  her  living  by  cutting  rags  at  the,  Ford  paper-mill,  near  Sunderland,  he  has  enclosed  a  bill  of  exchange  from  San  Francisco  for  £lOO,  with  a  message  that  well,  he  will  come  home  and  eat  his  next  Christ Christmas  mas Christmas  dinner  with  her  in  Old  The  sum  just,  received  is  the  second  sent;  the  formor  was  aO.  She  also  received  a  nugget  of  gold  some  few  months  since.—Durham  Advertiser.  A  WONDERFUL  CLOCK.—There  is  now  in  the  possession  of,  and  manufactured  by,  Mr.  Collings,  silversmith,  Market Marketplace,  place, Marketplace,  Thornburg,  Gloucestershire,  a  most  ingenious  piece  of  mechanism,  an  eight-day  clock,  with  dead  beat  escapement  maintaining  power,  chimes  the  quarters,  plays  sixteen  tunes,  plays  three  tunes  in  twelve  hours,  or  will  play  at  any  time  required.  The  hands  go  round  as  follow  :—One,  once  a  minute  ;  one,  once  an  hour;  one,  once  a  week  ;  one,  once  a  month;  one,  once  a  year  ;  it  shows  the  moon's  age,  the  time  of  rising  and  setting  of  the  sun,  the  time  of  high  and  IoNV  water,  half  ebb  and  half  flood;  and  by  a  beautiful  contri contrivance,  vance, contrivance,  there  is  a  part  which  represents  the  water,  which  rises  and  falls,  lifting  the  ships  at  high  water  tide  as  it  were  in  motion,  and  as  it  recedes  leaves  these  little  automaton  ships  dry  on  the  sands  ;  it  shoNirs  the  hour  of  the  day,  day  of  the  week,  day  of  the  month,  month  of  the  year;  in  the  day  of  the  month  there  is  a  provision  made  for  the,  long  and  short  months.  It  shows  the  twelve  signs  of  the  zodiac  ;it  strikes  or  not,  chimes  or  not,  as  you  wish  it;  it  has  the  equation  table,  showing  the  difference  of  clock  ,  and  sun  every  day  in  the  year.  Every  portion  of  the  clock  is  of  beautiful  work workmanship,  manship, workmanship,  and  performs  most  accurately  the  many  different  objects  which  are  called  into  action  by  the  ingenious  proprietor,  who  is  most  willing  to  describe,  all,its  yens  achievements  to  any  one  w  h  o  ma  y  f  e  el  •Plea  Sure  in  kit*  him  a  visit.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  Sin,—ln  your  paper,  a  few  days  ago,  appeared  a  letter  from  Working  exposing  the  conduct  of  the  police,  especially  with  regard  to  public  beer beerhouses  houses beerhouses  and  poor  girls  of  ill-fame.  As  I  have  testi testimony  mony testimony  of  a  similar  character,  it  may  probably  be  worth  insertion  in  your  columns,  to  corroborate  the  statement  of  your  correspondent.  Some  time  ago,  on  returning  home  at  night  through  Birken  head  from  Liverpool,  I  observed,  for  several  even evenings,  ings, evenings,  a  young  and  trembling  girl,  plying  for  the  wages  of  iniquity.  I  accosted  her,  and  held  a  short  conversation  with  her,  which  was  to  the  following  effect  :—She  told  me  that  she  had  lately  come  from  Shrewsbury,  and  lived  in  a  gay  She  was  about  17  years  old.  By  some  allusion  to  the  police,  the  conversation  turned  upon  them,  when  she  told  me  that  they  frequently  enter  these  houses  on  some  pretext  or  other,  being  at  liberty,  I  presume,  to  do  so  at  any  time  they  think  proper.  I  then  , STYLE=superscript  asked  what  they  usually  did  on  such  occasions.  Why,  she  said,  it  is  expected  that  they  will  either  have  something  given  to  them,  or  they  claim  to  indulge  themselves  in  the  house.  They  generally  make  these  demands  upon  the  youngest,  or  such  as  have  most  recently  come  to  said  I,  they  can  refuse  those  demands,  can  they  sir;  but  they  dare  not  do  so,  unless  they  have  something  to  give  them  you  mean  to  say,  then,  that  any  policeman  ever  asked  you  for  a  gratuity  Yes,  sir  ;  I  was  obliged  to  give  one  eighteenpence  the  other  day,  wu STYLE=superscript  . STYLE=superscript  .atid  began  to  solicit  what  do  they  do  i  f  tne  gu  y  Ctv  4 STYLE=superscript  :63/14  them  money  Well,  sir,  they  annoy  them  in  many  threaten  to  report  them,  or  the  &amp;e.  Now,  sir,  such  conduct  as  this,  and  that  reported  by  Working  requires  no  comment  ;  but  it  is  time  that  some  notice  was  taken  of  the  power  of  the  power  possessed  by  the  police  force,  and  the  manner  in  which  it  is  abused.  That  a  number  of  men,  taken  promiscuously  from  the  multitude,  and  raised  from  a  state  of  humble  dependence  and  fustain  jackets,  to  one  of  authority  and  broad broadcloth,  cloth, broadcloth,  should  take  advantage  of  their  position  to  enrich  themselves  at  the  expehse  of  the  public,  is  not  surprising  ;  •  but  that  such  per persons  sons persons  should  be  entrusted  with  power  greater  than  any  magistrate  possesses,  does  not  seem  quite  compatible  with  wise  legislation,  or  quite  consistent  with  the  liberty  of  the  subject.  To  give  liberty  to  any  man,  or  set  of  men,  to  enter  at  will,  anylicensed  victualler's,  or  other  public-house,  and  go  into  any  part  of  that  house  and  demand  admittance  into  any  cellar  or  apartment  that  the  inmates  wish  to  keep  closed  or  secret,  without  a  warrant,  I  cannot  think  to  be  a  good  social  regulation.  The  case  of  the  woman  closing  a  cellar  against  the  admission  of  a  policeman,  adjudged  by  Mr.  Mansfield  the  other  day,  is  one  in  point;  and  it  does  him  honor  to  have  given  the  doubt  in  favor  of  the  landlady  of  the  public-house.  A  policeman  ought  not  to  be  allowed  to  enter  any  other  than  the  bar,  or  the  ordinary  customers'  rooms,  without  a  magistrate's  warrant.  •  There  is  one  other  matter  I  wish  to  mention  ;  the  police  in  general  are  notorious  for  disregard  of  truth.  .I.  have  only  had  to  do  with  three  policemen  in  my  life,  and  all  three  swore  falsely  in  a  most  deliberate  manner  ;  and  that,  too,  in  the  presence  of  their  head.  This  deliberate  false-swearing,  I  am  in  dined  to  think,•  was  increased  rather  than  dimin diminished  ished diminished  by  the  strictness  of  the  late  Mr.  Rushton.  If  a  man  hesitated  or  forgot  part  of  his  evidence,  (and  the  best  of  us  often  require  time  to  collect  our  ideas,)  he  would  be  treated  as  if  he  were  fabricating  a  statement.  This  has  had  the  effect  making  the  policemen  agree  before-hand  what  the;,  'elan  say;  and  as  two  of  them  generally  appeaf4Pgettier  as  witnesses,  they  can  always  manage  to  gupport  each  others'  testimony.  They  will  then,  after  giving  evidence,  stick  to  it  whether  true  or  Pal,se,  to  the  last.  Some  years  ago,  a  police  inspectOr  Ticked  a  quarrel  with  me  when  going  home  late  at  night  in  Liverpool  ;  lie  collared  me,  insulted,  and  ill-treated  me  in  the  mos  BELFAST  MARKETS  - STYLE=superscript  MANUFACTURES  AND  •  PRODUCE.  So  far  as  we  have  been  able  to  ascertain,  the  general  trade  of  Belfast,  and  the  adjacent  towns,  was  very  brisk  during  the  latter  portion  of  last  week.  The  at  the  large  establishments  in  town  is  stated  to  have  been  quite  equal  to  that  of  any  Christmas  season  for  some  years  past.  As  - STYLE=superscript  to  the  linen-  trade  we  cannot  say  that  there  is  what  could  be  called  activity  ;  but,  at  the  same  time,  business  is  not  such  as  to  create  complaints  on  the  part  of  holders  of  white  goods.  Foreign  markets  have  been  fairly  active  ;  and  in  the  home  trade  a  regular  demand  rules  transactions.  We  find  full  work  going  on  at  the  bleachfields.  Brown  webs  have  been  more  sought  after,  and  on  the  average  of  sales  an  advance  was  conceded.  Lurgan,  on  Thursday,  exhibited  ample  supplies  of  those  classes  of  goods  so  extensively  ma manufactured  nufactured manufactured  in  that  quarter.  Cambric  handkerchiefs,  and  plain  lawns,  of  the  different  descriptions,  went  off  on  better  terms,  and  in  the  more  fanciful  departments,  damasks  and  diapers  were  taken  up  at  some  turn  in  favour  of  pro producers.  ducers. producers.  Our  market,:on  Friday,  was  a  full  one  for  the  description  of  heavy  goods  generally  disposed  of  at  the  Brown  Hall  ;  but,  as  we  have  before  intimated,  the  quantity  of  webs  sold  there  forms  a  very  trifling  portion  of  the  business  weekly  transacted  in  unbleached  goods  by  the  Belfast  trade.  Ballymena,  on  Saturday,  was  an  exceedingly  large  market,  and  drapers  well  pleased  at  the  state  of  markets,  while  buyers  evinced  every  disposition  to  go  largely  into  stocks.  Yarns  are  taken  into  consumption  at  the  rates  noted  last  month,and  now  that  short:time  in  spinning  has  been  carried  out  for  some  weeks,  the  stocks  held  stand  comparatively  low.  For  the  week,  the  Belfast  exports,  connected  with  the  linen  manufacture  are  thus  stated  :  Flax  -  5,820  cwts.  ..  129  bales.  Thread  and  linens..  1,782  In  the  flax  trade,  we  may  report  ample  supplies  of  home  grown  fibre  at  all  the  markets,  and,  for  some  qualities,  the  prices  paid  certainly  exceed  the  highest  rates  paid  for  many  vets  past.  Hand-  scu  t  c  h  e  d,  on  T  uesday,  in  Armagh,  sold  at  les.  oa.  trilled  lots  were  current  at  7s.  to  14s.  6d.  Home-grown  grain  may  be  quoted  6d  to  9d  per  cwt.  above  the  former  week's  rates  ;  and  it  is  gratifying  to  report,  that  as  demand  increases,  growers  show  ample  capability  to  meet  the  requirements  of  consumption.  We  annex  the  average  rates  of  value  at  the  markets  of  Belfast  for  the  six  weeks  preceding  Christmas,  in  each  of  tho  following  years  :  2  0.53  143  w  8 STYLE=superscript  heat,  per  cwt...  13s  Od  t  o  15  s  Od  -95  Od  to  9s  lid—lOs  6d  t  01833 STYLE=superscript  11s  3d  oats  ~  74  Od  to  8s  9d-48  6d  to  5s  6d—  .40  6d  to  5s  8d  Barley  ,  Od  to  Os  3d—e  s  6d  t  o  7  s  6d  —  6s  3d  to  7s  6d  Bakers'  dour.  ditto  23s  Od  to  24s  od—lOs  Od  'lss  pd-178  Od  to  18s  Od  We  have  frequently  alluded  to  the  really  wonderful  changes  which  the  sweeping  away  of  corn-law  restrictions  has  effected  in  the  household  economy  of  the  people  of  Ulster,  as  referred  to  the  consumption  of  grain  food.  This  season  that  change  has  been  still  more  decided  than  at  any  former  period.  Instead  of  potat  oes  f  orm  i  ng  t  h  e  chief  article  of  use  in  the  dietetic'  economy  of  the  working  classes,  wheaten  bread,  coffee,  tea,  sugar,  and  butchers'  meat,  are  at  present  largely  consumed  by  the  higher  order  of  mechanics  and  artisans.  We  do  not  say  that  the  mere  unskilled  la labourer  bourer labourer  is  able  to  purchase  full  supplies  of  the  more  nutri nutritive  tive nutritive  varieties  of  food,  as  this  season's  high  prices  press  heavily  on  the  comparatively  narrow  earnings  of  such  people  ;  but,  even  that  class  are  now  better  fed  than  was  usual  in  the  good  old  of  the  sliding  scale.  One  thing  may  be  said  now,  at  the  close  of  this  season  of  exceed exceedingly  ingly exceedingly  high  prices,  that  we  do  not  recollect  a  time  when,  under  the  pressure  of  similar  tightness  in  the  necessaries  of  life,  there  were  so  few  signs  of  discontent  among  the  masses.  If  corn  has  run  up  to  extreme  rates,  the  people  aro  aware  that  the  market  is  not  artificially  acted  upon  by  arbitrary  laws,  but  that  the  existing  state  of  affairs  arises  from  local  circumstances,  and  irrespective  of  legislative  enactments.  The  provision  trade  has  been  inactive  for  the  last  week,  and  large  quantities  of  cured  were  taken  off  on  fair  terms  for  holders.  Rates  of  value  are  well  supported  in  all  varieties  of  the  business.  Hams  sell  at  71s  to  74s  6d  per  cwt.  for  prime,  and  68s  to  70s  second  qualities.  Mess  pork  85s  to  88s  6d  per  brl,  prima,  and  80s  to  82s  6d  second.  Bacon,  52s  6d  to  65s  per  cwt.  Mess  beef,  109  s  to  110  s  per  tierce.  Pork  sells  at  better  prices.  Farmer's  pigs,  48s  to  50s,  and  dealers  lots,  47s  to  49s  per  cwt.  Butter  continues  to  main  tain  high  rates;  95s  to  100  s  per  cwt.  ruling  all  sales  fo  prime  qualities"
