text
"EASTERN  WAR  The  Times  money  article  says  it  was  understood  in  the  City  on  Monday,  that  a  treaty  had  been  arranged  between  England  and  France,  guarantee guaranteeing  ing guaranteeing  Turkey  against  any  aggression  on  the  part  of  Russia,  and  it  remains  for  Prussia  and  Austria  to  join  therein  of  they  think  fit.  The  Times  states  in  a  leading  article,  that  there  is  little  reason  to  doubt  that  the  principal  portions  of  the  campaign  have  hitherto  been  uniformly  credit creditable  able creditable  to  the  Turks,  and  that  they  apper  to  have  been  The  letters  have  arrived.  Colonel  Mechinson's  murderer  has  been  executed.  The  frontier  was  comparatively  tranquil.  There  is  nothing  new  from  Burmah.  CALCUTTA,  OCT.  18th.  No  commercial  report  owing  to  holidays.  The  prospects  of  cotton  goods  market  had  im improved  proved improved  ;  fears  of  bad  crops  dispelled.  Freights  lower;  more  ships  offering;  this  with  encouraging  advices  of  colonial  produce  received  by  the  Bombay  will  give  an  impulse  to  exports.  Probable  extent  of  indigo  crops  estimated  at  105,000  to  108,000.  Quality  superior  to  late  years  BOMBAY.  Money  easy.—lmport  business  very  limited.  Greater  activity  expected  after  holidays  than  has  of  late  existed.  Metals  steady.  Cotton  lower.  Freights—X2  12s.  for  vessels  commencing  loading,  and  £2  15s.  for  vessels  nearly  ready  for  sailing  to  London  and  Liverpool.  Shanghai  had  been  taken  almost  without  resis resistance  tance resistance  on  the  7th  September,  and  risings  were  expected  in  other  places  in  the  district.  The  rebels  hold  Amoy.  Canton  was  threatened  and  will  probably  change  hands  before  the  des despatch  patch despatch  of  the  next  mail.  The  1  artar  invasion  of  China  begins  to  be  talked  of—H.  M.  Steamer  Hermes  was  ordered  to  bring  down  the  survivors  of  the  wrecked  ship,  Lady  bound  to  California.  There  were  twenty  six  Chinese  and  six  Europeans  ;  about  240  perished.  Trade  in  China  still  depressed."
