text
"ro  t  hat  seye  _*lay  ,  contain  intelligence  which,  in  some  degree  anticipates  the  later  pacific  news  which  reached  us  by  telegraph.  The  Journal  des  Debats  states  that  Count  Nessel Nesselrode,  rode, Nesselrode,  in  his  reply  (the  first  to  the  Austrian  Cabinet)  insists  repeatedly  upon  the  sincere  desire  of  the  Emperor  Alexander  to  restore  peace  to  Europe.  The  says  the  Minister,  not  seduced  by  the  love  of  conquest;  he  seeks  to  glorify  his  reign,  not  by  adding  new  provinces  to  Russia,  but  by  developing  the  germs  of  its  material  prosperity.  The  internal  regime  of  Russia  requires  profound  reforms,  without  which  the  Russian  nation  cannot  hope  to  attain  to  the  degree  of  civilization  which  other  nations  have  reached.  The  Emperor  is  convinced  his  mission  consists  in  introducing  amongst  his  people  some  grand  social  and  civil  ameliorations,  and  he  is  impatient  to  commence  his  eeeive  The  Correspondent  Austrichienne,  the  official  organ  of  the  Cabinet  of  Vienna,  declares  that  the  diffi  Gullies  in  the  way  of  the  Austrian  proposals  being  purely  of  form,  there  is  yet  room  for  hope  that  peace  will  be  re  established  The  issian  Organ,  Le  Nord,  predicts  the  end  of  the  war,  on  account  of  the  large  concessions  which  Russia  had  made_  A  letter  from  V  ano,  says  :  A  nna  of  the  13th,  in  the  Corriere  movement  is  remarked  at  present  _..e  diplomatic  world  here.  In  the  course  of  this  morning  the  French,  English,  Russian,  and  Prussian  ambassadors  had  each  a  conference  with  Count  Referring  to  the  last  telegraphic  despatches  the  Globe  of  last  night  says  We  have  reason  to  be believe  lieve believe  that  the  announcement  that  the  Austrian  accepted  unconditionally  ultimatum  has  Russi  substanti  correct  -  Leu  as  a  basis  for  nev,ociation.  We  have  no  auue STYLE=superscript  do  p STYLE=superscript  ubt  that  the  Allied  Governments  will  meet  this  aceopt-  in  a  f  rit,  and  with  a  fire,  to  conclude  a  safe  and  able  pea(  t  iot  forget,  )Ive  ver  an  diplomacy  on  for  FRANCE.  (FROM  OUR  this  capital  o  pt  th  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  PARIS,  WEDNESDAY  EVENING  ally  th  ion  of  territory  de;  )  the  Fren  on  Tu  people  at  the  glorious  deeds  of  arms  It  was  in  the  great  combats  of  the  d,  of  Inkermann,  and  of  Sebastopol,  that  the  alliance  of  t  nations  was  consecrated  by  both  armies.  May  God  grant  great  alliance  may  ever  continue,  to  the  advantage  of  gland  and  of  France.  As  for  myself,  my  dear  comrades,  ehonour  afforded  me  is  the  more  grateful,  as  I  have  served  ong  with  you,  and  as  I  have  beheld  with  my  own  eyes  your  ravery,  and  your  great  military  to  Its  led  -frorr  ded  his  passports.  t  the  presenta-  land  has  deigned  to  authorise  and  soldiers  of  the  ;hip  which  exist  y  and  the  Eng!  it,  Army  of  the  East,  as  the  d  _  you  have  endured  so  many  fatigues,  and  so  I  sincerely  thank  the  Emperor  for  his  goodness  _Sing  so  graciously  conferred  on  me  the  honour  of  being  permitted  to  distribute  these  medals  in  his  presence.  nany  danger  4  THE  FRENCH  FUNDS,  PARIS,  THURSDAY  EVENING.  At  the  close  of  the  transactions  on  the  Bourse  to-day,  prices  were  quoted  as  follows  :—Fsqur-and :—Fsqur-anda-Half  a-Half :—Fsqur-anda-Half  per  Cents,  951.;  Three  per  Cents,  67f.  30c.  CAUTION  TO  BUTMERS.—SamneI  Locket,  butcher,  Pownall-square,  was  charged  at  the  police  -court  by  Inspector  Jones  with  having  exposed  for  sale  95  lbs.  of  beef  not  fit  for  human  'food.  The  defendant  was  fined  £2.  John  Waddington  and  Thomas  Jones,  slaughter slaughterhouse  house slaughterhouse  keepers,  Scotland-road,  were  charged  by  the  same  inspector  for  alike  offence,  and  fined  E  2  and  costs.  LIST  OF  PASSENGERS  PER  PACIFIC,  FROM  NEW  YORK,  JAN.  17,  1856.—Stuart  H.  Brown,  bearer  of  despatches,  F.  H.  Whitmore  and  lady,  Miss  Curtis,  Henry  Whitmore,  Mrs.  P.  11.  Hopkins,  Mr.  and  Miss  Van  Anken,  Dr,  H.  W.  Buel,  Polignac  de  Merson  and  lady,  J.  Coates,  Jun.  David  Sellers,  Ch  as  .  E.  Bertrand,  Theo.  A.  Havemayer,,  Edwin  Ilillyer,  Is  , STYLE=superscript  .ae  Seligman,  Geo.  King,  Jesse  Thayer,  S.  M.  Beir,  E.  T.  King  and  Son,  Samuel  S.  Bristow,  John  Guy  Vasser,  William  S.  0.  Gonne',  IV.  H.  Darcy,  D.  Fraser,  loaquim  Estrado  Manuel  Lopez,  Mrs.  Vandent,ergh,  Jose  D.  Gomez,  A.  Schotsman,  A.  Dambricourt,  H.  C.  Laight,  Charles  Dutilh,  John  Atkins,  E.  Ilirschfeller,  Chas.  T.  Van  Kessler,  Alfred  Harand,  A.  Piele,  L.  Althoff,  Thomas  Burge,  Wm.  Arnot,  Charles  Burt,  Isaac  Wolf,  Edward  Price,  William  Ransom,  Edward  Payne,  Peter  Richards,  Alfred  Jarvis,  William  Wilson,  T.  Bergman  and  lady,  W.  Delf  and  three  sons,  William  Harvey,  C.  Meleher,  Henry  Stoneall,  A.  D.  Sweeny,  William  Raphael,  Daniel  Raphael—Total,  63.  HI+TORIC  SOCIETY.—The  scientifi  section  of  this  society  met  last  night  in  the  Grand  Jury-rooms,  St.  George's•  hall  the  Re  7/.  Dr.  1  ...mo  the  dona donaas  as donaas  having  be  en  rece  i  ved  were  ng STYLE=superscript  the  follow follow.  . follow.  Geological  Society,  the  quarterly  „  vol  xi,  1855;  from  the  Dublin  „  the  journal  of  the  society,  vol  i,  parts  j  34-48  ;  vol  i,  1844-48  ;  vol  iv,  1849-51  ;  i  3;  vol  vi,  p  ar  t  s  1  and  2,  1854-55;  from  the  Royal-Society,  vol  7  of  the  proceedings,  No.  16;  from  Mr.  Tip.th  _  e  London  volume  of  the  society  Geological  S  1,  and  4  You  will  no  doubt  have  observed,  long  before  this,  from  my  letters,  that  the  general  opinion  in  i  the  great  question  of  peace  and  war  rarely  remains  for  many  days  together  at  a  fixed  point.  You  will  therefore  not  be  surprised,  after  the  accounts  which  I  have  given  you  of  the  gloomy  views  entertained  for  some  days  past,  to  that  a  much  more  cheerful  view  is  situation,  and  that,  in  consequence,  a  s  taken  place  at  the  Bourse.  What  appears  e  caused  this  renewal  of  confidence  in  a  he  revival  of  the  re-  d  a  day  or  two  ago,  that  Baron  Seebach,  mbassador,  has  been  authorised  to  tell  Powers  that  though  Russia  has  re rep  p rep  by  prepared  to  mall;  ae;  and  next,  the  Correspowlence  itively  re-  ing  exacted  in  the  i9ns,  and  that  Prince  Gorts-"
