text
"from  satisfactory.  It  exhi  tion  in  the  specie,  and  indicates  the  continued  drain  for  the  purposes  of  war  which  had  diminished  in  the  r  the  extent  of  1.527,000/.  have  agar  withstanding  the  high  rate  of  interest  (du  the  Bank.  The  advances  upon  Public  show  a  alio'  nn  increased,  not notczed  czed notczed  by  Securitie.  Railway  Securities  show  a  diminution  to  the  exten  0,0001,  which  reduces  them  her  list  On  the  circulation  has  inn  Private  Dop  deerensed  1.651,0001,  We  quote  the  following  resume  of  the  business  of  tbn  past  week  in  th  It  arid  Shar  Avon  -  Owing  to STYLE=superscript  the  ciocina  of  transactions  in  connection  with  the  settlement  on  Thursday,  to  cot  1  sales  of  stock  on  the  part  of  the  Bank,  and  to  speculative  sales,  a  large  amount  of  business  has  been  transacted  in  Consols  since  my  last.—But  in  most  other  securities  the  market  has  been  partially  neglected,  though  the  indisposition  to  engage  in  transactions  noticed  last  week  is  certainly  passing  away.  At  the  same  time  the  prevailing  feature  is  that  of  caution,  and,  as  from  the  unsettled  state  of  the  market  on  the  one  hand,  and  the  still  prevailing'condition  of  political  uncertainty  as  to  peace  on  the  other,  no  great  reliance  is  placed  on  the  stability  of  present  quotations.  The  money  market  is  still  characterised  by  a  considerable  demand  and  by  a  limited  supply.  The  demand  is  both  commercial  and  political,  while  the  supply  is  restricted,  not  so  much  by  absolute  shortness  of  coin  or  bank  notes,  as  by  an  impression  that  money  will  become  dearer  until  the  financial  position  of  the  government  is  more  clearly  defined.  Commercially,  the  demand  is  exceedingly  moderate,  con considering  sidering considering  the  preparations  usually  made  about  this  period  for  the  spring  and  summer  trade.  Politically,  it  has  never  been  heavier  at  any  period  since  the  breaking  out  of  the  war,  for  the  government  is  not  only-selling  stock,  but  is  borrowing  from  the  bank,  and  anticipating  revenue,  whilst  it  is  tolerably  certain  that  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exche Exchequer  quer Exchequer  has  the  contingency  of  a  large  loan  under  his  con consideration.  sideration. consideration.  These  are  the  main  disturbing  influences  of  the  market  ;  and  there  is  no  prospect  of  their  being  neu neutralised  tralised neutralised  to  any  appreciable  extent.  The  possibility  of  a  new  French  loan  and  the  necessities  of  Turkey  and  Sardi Sardinia,  nia, Sardinia,  also  affect  the  market  to  a  considerable  degree.  Ap Apprehensions  prehensions Apprehensions  were  prevalent  on  Thursday  that  the  bank,  in  order  to  protect  its  stock  of  bullion,  would  be  obliged  to  advance  the  rate  of  interest;  but  no  change  was  made.  The  weekly  return,  published  last  night,  was  again  unfa unfavourable.  vourable. unfavourable.  The  public  deposits  had  decreased  £329,337,  although  the  payment  of  the  dividends  did  n  t  com commence  mence commence  till  Wednesday,  and  the  bullion  showed  a  diminution  of  £283,234,  while  the  reserve  had  fallen  £483,424.  The  anticipation  of  this  return  caused  much  loomy  feeling  yesterday,  especially  as  the  monthly  balance  sheet  of  the  Bank  of  France  was  equally  unsatisfactory.  shew shewing  ing shewing  a  dimnution  in  the  coin  anti  bullion  of  nearly  £Boo,o''o,  and  an  addition  to  the  d'scounts  of  £1.100,000,  while  the  treasury  balances  had  fallen  off  £850,000.  Under  these  circumstances,  the  policy  of  the  hank  is  watched  with  much  interest,  or  rather  anxiety  ;  but  an  impression  prevails  that  no  change  will  he  made  in  the  rate  of  interest,  until  the  government  have  explained  their  intentions  as  to  a  loan.  The  arrivals  of  specie  since  my  last  have  been  £61,000  from  New  York,  an  import  on  French  account,  and  £29,742  from  Brazil.  The  exoorts  on  Bri6sh  account,  so  far  as  are  yet  known,  amount  to  about  £lOO  Ono.  Consols  which  closed  11.4  Saturday  at  874.  to  I,  closed  last'nicht  at  4 STYLE=superscript  361  to  f  ,, STYLE=superscript  r  the  7rh  of  February.  On  Tuesday  they  were  as  low  as  85f.  The  decline  thus  established  is  therefore  equal  to  Li  Der  cent.  It  is  ettributable  to  reports  of  the  neace  negnciations  having  failed,  and  the  tichtness  of  the  M..  The  payment  of  the  Dividend.,  which  to  any  reaction  at  '  , STYLE=superscript  e  Account  money  mmenced  ort  Wednssdai  has  resent.  At  the  a  heavy  13111  intent  on  Tt.ursday,  d  the  rate  of  Contaneo  inerrale:l  to  ner  cont.  The  Names  passed  for  Stock  were  nrineipally  those  of  Bankers,  chewing  that_a  large,  amount  )f  Stock  had  been  nawnod.'  Shares  rind  there  is  an  expeetatinn  t}  rl  la-ge  balances  w  ill  he  e  not  inc  the  dividends  aTr  over.  The  business  of  the  half  year  has  been  nnloubtedly  nrosperous,  and  these  Securities  will  certainly  be  more  in  favour  if  it  is  shown,  at  the  anproaahino•  meetings,  that  the  working  pxne,ses  have  not  absorbed  an  uneor  orotortien  of  tle  receipts;  ac  , STYLE=superscript  inst  this,  however,  must  he  set  the  fact  thlt  most  of  the  lea'linr  camoanies  hire  dorir  the  half  year  he  , STYLE=superscript  n  t  o  r)xvintr,  to  ray  off  i'icreased  rate  of  inter  3  inst;lnors  to  larrre  bal.nnces  in  next  , STYLE=superscript  rn  (3-u"
