text
"SALFORD  TOWN  COUNCIL  On  Saturday  morning,  a  special  meeting  of  the  Salford  TOWII  Council  was  held  in  the  Council  chamber,  Town  Hall.  The  Chair  was  ocoupied,  first  by  Mr.  Alderman  Senkinsoh,  (in  the  iempordry  absence  of  the  Mayor,)  and  afterwards,  by  the  Mayor,  (Frank  Ashton,  Esq.)  TJIE  BOROUGH  MORTGAGES  In  order  to  facilitate  business  (the  meeting  being  held,  on  Saturday,)  the  proceedings  of  the  committees  since  the  last  meeting  of  oOuncilwere  net  reads  The  Town  Clerk,  how howdyer,  dyer, howdyer,  - STYLE=superscript  man  a  Verbal  report  as  to  certain  proceedings  of  the  finance  committee,  He  said  ?  it  would,  tie  is  the  recollec recollection  tion recollection  of  the  Council,  that  some  linie  ego,  it  was  ordered  that  the  sum  of  £10  )  000  azyear  should  be  ,laid  i  i  licaciationsd  the  hiettgage  debt  cif  the  boreith:  Tlid  'aith  *as  the  day  upon  which  the  first  instalment  should  be  paid,  and,  accordiagly,  tie  sum  of  £lO,OOO  Was  provided  for  that  pur purpose.  pose. purpose.  £3OOO  of  that  sum  fell  by  ballot  to  the  lot  of  111  r.  Darwell,  who  had  requested  the  Council  to  retain  the  money.  Thus/  that  sum  of  £3OOO  Would  remain  with  the  Co Cooration;  oration; Cooration;  on  security  Of  the  tolls  gild  prdperty_  of  the  boiOugli;  fOr  the  term  of  seven  years,  at  the  rate  of  4  per  cent.  per  annum,  interest.  The  remainder  was  paid  off,  .and  they  had  reduced  the  debt  by  about  £9;000;  besides  paying  another  person  who  *anted  his  money:  NOMINATION  OF  BOROUGAREEVE  AND  CON'STABtES,  The  next  business  was  the  making  out  of  a  list  containing  the  names  of  at  least  five  respectable  inhabitants,  nominated  as  fit  and  proper  persons  to  be  elected  borou  (  -, STYLE=superscript  •hreeve  and  constables  of  the  township  of  Salford,  which  list  will  be  presented  by  ,thc  revtn  Clerk  to.  the-  nett  Court  Led  of  the  hundred  of  Salfcidj  WhiCh  Shdll  be  Wan  fdr  the  eleCtidii  of  officers  for  various  districts,  townsinPs,  and  place§,  within  the  said  hundred  of  Salford.  The  Towx  CLERK  said,  it  had  been  the  custom,  since  he  was  appointed  to  the  office  which  he  then  held  in  the  Cor Corporltiofi,  porltiofi, Corporltiofi,  for  the  retiring  borou,ghreeve  and,  constables  to  prepare  a  list  of  five  gentlemen;  (three  of  whom  would  be  elected  at  the  Court  Leet,)  whom  they  nominated  a.  their  successors.  Mr.  Councillor  CHADWICK,  one  of  the  retiring  officers,  nominated  the  folloNting  _geriAenien  Nathaniel  Shel Shelnierditie;  nierditie; Shelnierditie;  Mr.  Thdulas  liro*nbill,  Mr,  Peter  Gendall,  Mr.  R.  E.  Mottram,  and  Mr.  James  Rensha  Mr.  Councillor  81IELMERDINE  begged  that  his  name  might  be  struck  out  of  the  list  as  he  did  not  reside  in  the  borough.  Besides,  he  had  accepted  the  office  of  councillor,  with  the  dutieS  of  which  he  was  not  sufficiently  acquainted  to  warrant  his  undertaking  any  other  office  at  present.  Mr.  Cothicilhir  CuAbwicit  - STYLE=superscript  said  there  were  - STYLE=superscript  no  duties  to  perforirl  The  TOWN  Cauit  remarked  ihat  the  ptineipal  duty'  td  be  pefformed  was  to  entertain  the  Council  on  the  Tuesday  in  Whitsun;week  to  a  light  lunCh.  (A  laugh.)  The  resolution  proposed  by  Mr.  Chadwick  was  seconded  and,  carried  Unanimously;  ,  the  TthNN  dLtai  tgoi  read.  a  report  froof  SPECIAL  SANITARY  COMMITTEE  detailing  the  proceedings  which  had  been  taken  by  the  committee  since  its  appointment  in  promoting  the  health  of  the  borough—especially  - STYLE=superscript  in  regard  to  the  removal  of  nui nuisances  sances nuisances  and  the  prevention  of  ° STYLE=superscript  disease.  The  report  stated  that  there  had  been  formed  a  comentrated  _force  of  all  the  authorities  of  the  borough  )  together  With  the  Officers  under  their  control..  The  com  mi  tt  ee  ,  i  n  th  e  i  r  re  p  o  rt  ]  ex  pr  esse  da  confident  opinion  that  in  a  short  time  they  would  be  able  to  bring  their  authority  to  bear  upon  the  principal  nuisances  in  the  borough,  and  additional  officers  had  been  ap appointed  pointed appointed  for  the  purpose  o  f  carr  yi  ng  ou  t  th  e  o  bj  ec  t  i  n  v  ie  w  .  o  case  of  cholera  had  hitherto  been  reported  to  the  autho authorities,  rities, authorities,  and  the  medical  officers  of  the  borough,  at  the  request  of  the  committee,  had  kindly  promised  to  give  to  the  committee  their  valuable  services  in  any  way  that  might  be  required.  The  report  then  proceeds  thus  There  is  every  reason  to  believe  that  a  large  proportion  of  the  owners  of  property  in  the  borough  are  desirous  to  afford  their  aid  in  the  important  task  of  promoting  the  health  of  the  inha inhabitants  bitants inhabitants  of  the  borough.  But  it  is  a  source  of  regret  to  your  committee,  to  have  to  state  that  the  agents  of  some  owners  living  at  a  distance  evidence  much  reluctance  in  affording  their  assistance  in  so  important  a  work:  a  cordial  co-operation  on  the  part  of  owners  of  property,  the  labours  of  your  committee  will  be  prolonged  and  rendered  very  tedious,  and  the  expenses,  legal  and  otherwise,  will  be  greatly  increased.  These  expenses  will  have  to  be  paid  either  by  the  owners  of  property  or  ratepayers  ;  and  it  behoves  all  who  have  capital  invested  in  the  borotigh,  to  exert  themselves  to  the  utmost  in  promoting  the  sanitury  improvement  of  the  district.  -  Your  committee  beg  respectfully  to  direct  the  attention  of  the  owners  of  property  to  the  repeated  complaints  made  about  obnoxious  trades  carried  on  in  some  localities,  and  beg  to  remind  them  that  the  practice  of  keeping  swine  in  confined  and  densely  populated  districts,  so  as  to  be  injurious  to  health,  is  strictly  prohibited  by  law.  And,  inasmuch  as  it  appears  in  the  reports  of  the  inspectors  of  nuisances,  that  there  is  a  large  number  of  pigs  kept  in  confined  localities  within  the  borough,  it  will  be  the  duty  of  your  committee  to  institute  legal  proceedingsagainst  the  owners  and  tenants,  to  compel  the  immediate  removal  of  these  causes  of  complaint.  Therefore,  owners  of  property  on  which  pigs  are  kept  are  earnestly  desired  to  insist  upon  their  tenants  removing  them  without  delay.  Your  com committee  mittee committee  :have  also  to  impress  upon  owners  of  property  the  obligation  imposed  upon  them  by  law,  to  cleanse  and  white whitev,-nor  v,-nor whitev,-nor  dioir  rvor...ty,  —a  to  mnity  ‘111,1,..t  Ziviwc  dralua.  The  reports  presented  to  your  committee  show  that  a  large  amount  of  property  occupied  by  the  labouring  classes,  is  in  a  very  dirty  state,  and  requires  Mr.  Councillor  BROWNBILL  moved  that  the  report  be  re received,  ceived, received,  and  entered  on  the  minutes  of  the  Council's  pro proceedings.  ceedings. proceedings.  lair.  Councillor  GENDALL  seconded  the  motion,  which  was  carried  nem.  can.  LEGAL  EXPENSES,  Mr.  Councillor  GENDALL  wished  to  ask  the  vice-chairman  of  the  finance  committee,  whether,  (in  referance  to  a  resolu resolution  tion resolution  passed  some  months  ago  by  the  general  purposes  com committee,  mittee, committee,  respecting  the  payment  of  the  legal  expenses  of  ob obtaining  taining obtaining  the  Salford  and  Broughton  and  Pendleton  Amalga Amalgamation  mation Amalgamation  Act,)  any  further  payment  had  been  made  on  that  account.  Because,  there  was  a  resolution  agreed  to,  which  stated  that  no  more  money  should  be  paid  until  the  accounts  came  in.  Mr.  Councillor  MARSDEN  understood  that  a  certain  sum  of  money  had  been  paid  to  the  parliamentary  agents  in  Lon London.  don. London.  The  Town  Clerk  stated  to  the  committee,  that  it  was  customary  to  pay  to  those  gentlemen  money  out  of  pocket.  He  believed  the  agents  had  not  yet  rendered  their  accounts.  The  TOWN  CLERK  :  Yes,  I  have  them.  Mr.  Councillor  MARSDEN  said,  the  finance  eommittee  resolved  unanimously  to  pay  to  the  parliamentary  agents  a  certain  sum,  in  order  to  reimburse  them  for  money  they  had  actually  paid  out  of  pocket.  Mr.  Councillor  GENDALL  :  That  was  against  the  resolu resolution  tion resolution  of  the  general  purpose  - STYLE=superscript  committee.  Would  the  town  clerk  have  any  objection  to  lay  the  whole  of  the  bills  before  the  general  purpose  committee  ?  The  TOWN  CLERK  said  he  had  received  the  accounts  from  the  parliamentary  agents  in  London.  The  last  came  yester yesterday  day yesterday  (Friday)  morning,  and  he  was  busy  examining  them.  The  accounts  were  very  lengthy,  and  went  very  much  into  detail,  so  that  it  would  take  a  considerable  time  to  examine  them  properly.  It  hadbeen  the  customfor  town  clerk  to  exam examine  ine examine  the  legal  bills  before  they  were  considered  by  the  committee.  He  was  busy  doing  so  at  present,  and  lie  was  also  preparing  his  own  bill.  The  accounts  might  be  brought  before  the  Council  in  a  week,  but  in  his  opinion  it  would  be  imprudent  for  the  present  Council  to  settle  them.  He  thought  the  settlement  ought  to  be  delayed  until  the  representatives  of  Broughton  and  Pendleton  had  joined  the  Council  of  Salford.  These  townships  would  have  to  pay  their  share  of  the  ex expense,  pense, expense,  and,  under  all  the  circumstances,  he  thought  it  would  be  unwise  to  settle  the  accounts,  until  the  amalgamation  of  the  townships  had  effectually  taken  place.  The  parliamen parliamentary  tary parliamentary  agents,  Messrs.  M'Dougall  and  Youall,  had  advanced  £5OO  out  of  their  own  pocket,  and  he  considered  it  would  be  unwise  and  unreasonable  on  the  part  of  the  Council  to  allow  those  gentlemen  to  lie  out  of  that  money.  The  agents  were  bound  to  pay  certain  heavy  fees,  and  those  fees  they  had  paid  out  of  their  own  pocket.  .  .  Mr.  Councillor  GENDALL  :  —After  the  resolution  come  to  by  the  general  purposes  committee,  he  thought  it  was  not  very  respectful  towards  that  committee  to  make  a  further  payment  without  consulting  them  upon  the  subject.  He  submitted  that  the  Committee  ought  to  have  the  law  ac accounts  counts accounts  before  them  at  as  early  a  period  as  possible.  harm  could  there  be  in  laying  the  accounts  before  the  committee  ?  _  _  The  TOWN  Cr,Tatic  said,  he  .was  very  much  pressed  in  this  matter.  He  was  kept  engaged  in  fighting  for  the  bill  up  to  August,  and  then  he  had  to  arrange  matters  previous  to  the  amalgamation  of  the  townships.  In  the  meantime  his  own  private  business  was  neglected.  He  was  kept  in  London  for  five  months,  and  during  that  time  it  was  impossible  for  him  to  attend  to  his  private  business.  And  then  to  press  him  to  have  the  bills  ready  forthwith,  and,  to  use  the  re remarks  marks remarks  which  had  been  employed,  as  if  he  was  keeping  something  back.  He  thought  such  conduct  was  not  con consistent  sistent consistent  with  that  courtesy  to  which  he  thought  he  was  fairly  entitled  at  the  hands  of  the  Council,  under  the  circum circumstances  stances circumstances  of  the  ease.  The  resolution  of  the  general  purposes  committee,  to  which  reference  had  been  made  by  Mr.  Councillor  Gendall,  was  passed  at  a  meeting  of  the  com committee,  mittee, committee,  of  which  he  (the  town  clerk)  had  no  notice.  had  he  been  present,  he  should  certainly  have  made  such  obser observations  vations observations  as  would  probably  have  induced  the  committee  to  pause  or  hesitate  before  they  passed  such  a  resolution.  He  would  lose  no  time  in  making  up  the  accounts  and  certifying  them  to  the  committee.  But  he  thought  he  was  entitled  to  some  consideration  at  the  hands-  of  the  Council,  seeing  that  some  of  the  accounts  extended  over  two  years.  And  he  wished  to  place  the  accounts  before  the  Committee  in  such  a  way  as  to  give  no  cause  for  complaint—in  short,  to  pre present  sent present  them  in  such  a  form,  as  to  be  creditable  to  himself,  and  satisfactory  to  them.  MONEY  ORDER  OFFICE  FOR  SALFORD,  Mr.  Alderman  JENKINSON,  asked  whether  anything  had  been  done  to  improving  the  postal  arrangements  for  the  borough.  He  saw  in  some  of  the  papers  recently,  that  an  expectation  was  entertained,  that  a  money  order  office  in  connection  with  the  Post  Office,  was  to  be  opened  in  Cross Crosslaue.  laue. Crosslaue.  He  thought,  that  that  would  be  a  very  inconvenient  locality  for  such  an  office,  and  was  of  opinion  that  there  was  some  mistake,  Oldfield-lane  probably  being  meant  for  Cross Crosslane,  lane, Crosslane,  for  Oldfield-lane  would-  be  central,  and  much  more  con convenient  venient convenient  for  such  a  purpose.  He  should  like  very  much,  to  this  matter  have  pressed  upon  the  attention  of  the  proper  authorities,  as  great  inouyeuience  was  felt  by  a  large  num number  ber number  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  borough  /  not  only  as  to  the  present  arrangements  for  the  pdstal  of  letters;  blit,  from  the  want  of  a  money  order  office  and  place,,s  for  the  sale  Of  postage  stamps:  He  lately  went  to  the  .post  office  at  - STYLE=superscript  Windsor-bridge  fox'  some  stamps,  but  the  person  whb  keeps  the  office  said,  he  did  not  sell  them  yet,  at  some  of  the  gin  shops  they  would  see  in  the  windows,  a  notice  to  this  postage STYLE=superscript  stamps  sold  which  was  tin  indheenient  for,  people  to  go  into  these  shops.  He  hoped  soniethiiig  vionld  be  dem  fol'  the  j2urpo§e  of  prevent preventing  ing preventing  the  evils  of  which  people  complained.  Mr.  Councillor  CHADWICK  would  do  all  he  could  in  as assisting  sisting assisting  Mr.  Alderman  Jenkinson.to  get  a  money  order  office,  which  was  mueh  wanted  in  the  - STYLE=superscript  borough,  A  receiving  House  .liad  ,been  recently  established  ill  Cross.lang,  .at  the  ileq  .  ifeSE  Of  file  inhabitan  in  that,  district.  They  me  , STYLE=superscript  ;  inorialized  the  Postmaster  General  on  the  kbjeei  /  and;  with  the  assistance  of  their  excellent  representative  (Mr.  Joseph  BrOtherton,)  gained  their  object.  Butwhat  was  chiefly  wanted  by  the  inhabitants  of  the  boiough  was  a  money  order  office.  And,  he  felt  certain  that  if  the  post  office  authorities  should  'sanction  such  an  e,stablishment,,,they  would  expect  tile  tO,grtlut  a  buli  t  ain  g  for  the  ptirpose.  .  There  was  a  committee  already  appointee  to  idlie  charge  of  this  subject,  (and  he•  was  a  member  of  it.)  ,At  the.  last  meeting  ;  of  that  committee,  the.  Town  Clerk  was  instructed  to  write  to  the  Postmaster  General  on  the,  subject,  and  he  (Mr.  Chadwick)  thought  the  coraniittee  woul  late  beep  called  together  long  before  this  time,  to  have  reported  to  them  the  feat,:  ~  The  TOWN  CLERK  said,  when  he  was  in  London  Mr.  Bro Brotherton  therton Brotherton  shelved  him  the  petition  from  the  inhabitants  of  Opossi  :  lane  for  a  biaxial  feeeivingthouse  in  that  locality.  ile  (the  town  Clerk)  then  stated  the  reasons  which  had  been  - STYLE=superscript  Urged  uPoii  the.Pogtoig.ster  inhyour  of  the  establishnient  of  a  money  order  office.  we'nfihat  very  day  to  the  Postmaster-General,  and  received  from  Jai  du  di/B*er  tq'  the  effect  that  a'  receiving-office  would  be  opened  in  Cross-lane.  He  had  not  even  seen  Mr.  Brotherton  since  then  until  a  few  vfeeks,  ago  ;  when  he  did  him  (the  Town  Clerk)  the  honour  to  call  upeit  hint  no  asked  Mr,  protherton  what  had  been  done  in  reference  to  the  application  for  the,  opening  of  a  money  order  office.  The  Hon.  Meniber  said  he  kad  made  the  application  to  the  Postmaster-General  big  had,  not  yet  received  an  answer  froni  him.  As  to  the  Sale  of  postage,  stamps;  he  knew  that  none  were  to  be  had  at  the  office  at  Windsor  bridge.  The  man  Who  kept  the  shop  said  he  did  not  keep  stamps.  Mr.  Alderman  JENKINSON  said,  he  got  nothing  by  retail retailing  ing retailing  them,  and,  therefore,  would  not  - STYLE=superscript  keep  them.  The  Tows  CLERK  said  he  thought  it  would  come  to  this,  that  they  must  all  keep  stamps  at  their  houses.  _  Mr:  Councillor  CHAl)wicKsaid  he  hoped  the  Town  Clerk  would  seen  Call  together  the  committee  appointed  on.  the  subject:  The  great  object  Was  to  get  a  money  &amp;der  office  establiShed:  The  TOWN  CLERK  said  there  would  be  a  ,Meefiti,g  tit  the  general  purposes  committee  held  on  Monday,  and  he  had  invited  MrCßrotherten.  to  attend  it,  and  give  the  committee  the  benefit  of  his  advice,  The  subject  then  dropped,  end  the  council  bioke  up  a  few  minutes  past  10  o'clock.  ACCIDENT  TO  THE  ISAAC  WRIGHT,  EMI EMIGRANT  GRANT EMIGRANT  SI-HP  -PERILOUS  POSITION  UP  THE  PASS'ENGERS.  By  the  arrival  of  the  ,I7encaster,  Captisin  Hadfield,  yes yesterday,  terday, yesterday,  froni  St.,  John's,  N.  8.,  we  had  intelligence  of.a  pain painful  ful painful  nature,  relative  to  the  well-known  emigrant  ship  Isaac  Wright,  Captain  AbeeL  belonging  to  Baring,  Brothers,  &amp;  Co.  The  Isaac  Wright  sailed  from  the  Mersey  for  New  Yorki  on  the  20th  ult.,  with  upwards  of  600  steerage  and  10  cabin  passengers,  and  encountered  the  gale  of  Sunday  week  in  the  channel,  hilt  tithOttt  sustaining  any  injury.  She  proceeded  on  her  voyage  without  interruptioni  up  td  the  evening.  of  Tuesday  last.  Mond  a  y  a  nd  Tu  e  sday  were  Very  foggy  days  at  sea—during  the  entire  of  Tuesday,  the  fog  was  so  dense  that  au  object  could  not  be  discovered  a  yard  ahead  of  the  Ship,  but  everything  went  on  well  up  to  about  eight  o'clock  in  the  evening,  when  the  mate  found  the  v  sel  close  on  to  shore,  and  immediately  gave  the  order,  t  The  helm  was  put  hard  up,  and  the  ship  was  rounding  to  ;  when  she  struck  a  rock  aft,  unshipping  her  rudder,  and  sustaining  severe  damage  l  which  caused  her  to  make  Water  rapidly.  At  this  time,  owing  to  the  denseness  of  the  fog,  the  precise  position  of  the  ship  could  not  be  ascertained,  but  the  captain  was  under  the  impression  that  the  Vessel  had  struck  on  sonic  of  the  rocks  in  the  vicinity  of  Cape  Clear:  After  striking  the  rock,  and  unshipping  her  rudder,  the  Isaac  Wright  floated  off,  but  as  it  was  impossible  to  control  her  movements,  the  ship  was  allowed  to  float  in  the  direction  which  the  current  of  the  sea  might  take  her,  no  sails  having  been  hoisted  since  the  accident.  She  was  found  to  be  making  water  rapidly,  and  all  hands  turned  to  at  the  pumps,  for  the  purpose  of  keeping  her  afloat.  From  Tuesday  evening  till  Thursday  morning  she  remained  in  this  position,  with  signals  of  distress  flying,  and  although  several  ships  were  in  sight,  none  of  them  answered  the  signals,  until  the  Doncaster  fell  in  with  her.  The  cabin  passengers,  ten  in  number,  consist consisting  ing consisting  of  the  Messrs.  Harvey,  of  Cincinatti  ;  Mr.  Adair,  his  wife,  four  children,  and  two  servants,  were  conveyed  on  board  the  Doncaster,  where  they  were  received,  and  treated  with  extreme  kindness  by  Captuin  Hadfield,  his  wife,  and  sister,  who  were  on  board.  The  Doncaster  then  bore  up  for  Liverpool,  and  arrived  here  yesterday  afternoon.  Imme Immediately  diately Immediately  after  his  arrival_  Captain  Tradflata  to  the  owners  of  the  Isaac  Wright  of  her  dangerous  posi position,  tion, position,  and,  in  the  course  of  a  few  hours,  the  steam  tug  Con Constitution  stitution Constitution  was  got  ready,  and  proceeded  under  the  command  of  Captain  Dixon,  of  the  Fidelia,  in  search  of  her.  Captain  Hadfield  states  that  he  fell  in  with  the  Isaac  Wright  about  40  miles  off  Cork,  and  34  miles  from  the  Oldhead  of  Kinsale.  Captain  Abeel  was  on  deck  when  the  vessels  struck,  and  nothing  could  be  more  praiseworthy  than  the  efforts  of  him himself  self himself  and  his  crew  in  endeavouring  to  keep  the  vessel  afloat,  and  sustain  the  drooping  spirits  of  the  emigrants.  From  the  time  the  vessel  struck,  until  the'cabin  passengers  were  taken  off,  Captain  Abeel  had  never  left  the  deck.  The  Isaac  Wright,  when  Captain  Hadfield  left  her,  was  very  deep  in  the  water,  and  from  the  fact  of  the  cabin,  passengers  leaving,  without  an  article  of  dress,  except  those  which  they  had  on,  we  may  infer  that  it  was  impossible  to  reach  the  baggage.  Prompt  assistance  was  absolutely  essential,  and  we  trust  that  the  steam  tug  may  reach  the  sinking  ship  in  time  to  prevent  such  an  awful  sacrifice  of  life  as  would  be  involved  in  her  going  down.  We  have  gleaned  the  foregoing  parti particulars  culars particulars  from  two  of  the  lady  passengers  of  the  Isaac  Wright,  who  are  now  staying  at  the  Grecian  Hotel.  The  Doncaster  encountered  very  severe  weather  in  the  Channel  on  Saturday.  ACClDENTS.—Yesterday,  whilst  Elizabeth  Kelly,  a  little  girl,  aged  nine  years,  was  sitting  at  the  kitchen  fire,  in  her  father's  house,  in  atkinson  Street,  when  a  spark  flew  out  of  the  fire  and  ignited  •her  clothes  ;  her  chest  was  severely  burnt.  She  was  removed  to  the  Southern  Hospital  where  she  is  doing  well.  REvisioN  ov  THE  CITIZENS'  LISTS,  MANCHESTER.  —On  Saturday,  the  citizens'  lists  were  revised  in  one  of  the  committee  rooms  of  the  Town-hall,  before  his  worship  the  mayor  (Robert  Barnes,  Esq.),  and  Messrs.  Nicholas  Earle,  and  Thomas  Taylor,  revising  assessors.  The  only  ward  to  which  any  interest  was  attached  was  that  of  St.  Michael's,  in  which  a  strollg  contest  is  being  proceeded  with  between  Mr.  Charles  Ashlore,  the  retiring  councellor,  and  Mr.  Hugh  Warburton  who  aspires  at  the  honour  of  taking  the  place  at  present  occupied  by  Mr.  Ashmore,  who  again  solicits  the  suffarages  of  the  citizens  of  the  ward.  Mr.  Sudlow,  of  the  firm  of  Messrs.  Crossley  and  Sudlow,  solicitors,  appeared  for  the  conservative  party  ;  Mr.  Wheeler,  barrister-at-law,  represented  the  liberal  interest.  The  objections  were  made  chiefly  on  the  ground  that  the  parties  on  the  list  who  were  objectd  to,  had  not  resided  long  enough  on  the  premiseis  in  which  they  lived.  On  the  part  of  the  liberals  there  were  28  objections,  and  on  the  part  of  the  conservatives  63.  The  conservatives  sustained  two  objections,  and  the  names  of  the  parties  objected  to  were  struck  out  of  the  list.  They  failed  in  all  the  others,  on  the  ground  that  the  notices  served  upon  the  cittzens  objected  to,  were  not  made  in  compliance  with  the  act  of  parliament.  The  act  requires  that  the  notice  served  upon  the  citizen  objected  to,  should  be  addressed  not  only  to  the  but  to  the  person  individually  as  well  ;  for  instance,  the  town-clerk  or  Robert  It  appeared  that  the  person  who  signed  the'  objections,  signed  them  before  the  names  of  the  persons  objected  to  were  in inserted  serted inserted  in  the  notices,  although  after  the  signature  the  names  were  inserted.  This  was  held  a  fatal  defect,  and  the  objec objections  tions objections  thus  raised  were  held  by  the  court  to  be  inrolled.  The  28  objections  preferred  by  die  liberals,  all  failed  in  conse consequenceof  quenceof consequenceof  one  informality  in  the  notices.  On  the  part  of  the  conservatives  there  were  8  claims,  in  which  they  succeeded  in  6,  and  failed  in  2.  There  were  4or  5  claims  made  by  the  liberals,  and  they  sustained  2.  THE  FIRE  BRIGADE—NEW  REEL-CARRIAGE.—  On  Saturday,  a  newly  constructed  reel-carriage,  was  exhibited  for  inspection  before  the  members  of  the  Watch  Committee,  Town  Hall.  The  credit  of  its  design  is  entirely  due  to  Inspec Inspector  tor Inspector  Hewitt,  of  the  Fire  Brigade  ;  and  its  improvements  have  excited  considerable  admiration,notmore  for  their  variety  than  simplicity.  It  would  be  impossible,  within  the  compass  of  a  paragraph,  to  enumerate  the  many  points  of  superiority  which  this  carriage  possesses  over  the  old  engine  ;  but  they  may  be  summed  up,  in  stating  that  it  induces  greater  con convenience,  venience, convenience,  greater  speed,  and  vastly  increased  power.  It  carries  three  reels,  (the  old  form  of  engine  only  carrying  one)  two  of  them  running  parallel',  and  the  other  transversly  at  the  end  of  the  carriage  ;  and  on  them  may  be  wound  hose  to  any  extent.  In  addition  to  this,  hose,  to  some  hundreds  of  yards,  may  be  coiled  within  its  interior,  while  in  front,  it  carries  sledge-hammers,  axes,  branches,  all  most  admirably  classified,  besides  the  many  other  apparatus  .which  apper appertain  tain appertain  to  an  engine.  Seats  are  also  provided  in  front  for  the  men  •  and  from  the  elevation  of  the  carriage,  the  hind  wheels  being  more  than  four  feet  nine  inches  in  diameter,  the  hose  can  be  worked  with  a  degree  of  facility  heretofore  unattainable.  Compartments  for  scaling  ladders  are  also  provided  ;  and,  in  fact,  nothing  is  left  to  chance,  which  foresight  and  the  best  directed  human  care  can  obviate.  In  a  court  or  alley,  or  where  the  fire  has  communicated  itself  to  one  or  two  buildings,  the  advantages  of  the  present  im improvement  provement improvement  would  at  once  manifest  themselves  ;  for  while  the  old  engine  can  at  first  only  pour  one  stream  of  water  on  the  burning  mass,  by  the  carriage,  the  subject  of  our  notice,  three  streams  on  as  meny  different  quarters,  can  be  simul simultaneously  taneously simultaneously  poured.  And  we  all  know  that,  if  not  in  a  battle,  at  least  in  a  fire,  all  depends  on  the  vigour  of  the  first  onset.  Models  of  this  carriage  have  been  sent  by  Inspector  Hewitt  to  the  Dublin  and  New  York  Exhibitions,and  we  trust  that  no  oversight  on  the  part  of  the  public,  will  fail  to  award  to  it  the  praise  which  it  deserves.  ilf  O.VE  TA  RY  AND  COMMERCIAL  Liverpool,  Saturday  Evening..  lay  the  Asia,  from  New  York,  our  commercial  advices  are  dated  Sept.  21.  She  brings  236,000  dols.  on  freight,  which  makes  the  imports  of  bul bullion  lion bullion  into  this  country,  for  the  last  seven  days,  the  enormous  sum  of  X  1,006,000.  This  we  think  is  a  Satisfactory  result  for  those  who  wish  to'  see  our  stock  df  gold  increased  to  absolute  repletion.  That  the  precious  metals,  both  gold  and  silver,  /nue  , STYLE=superscript  accumulate  iii  England  to  an  extraordinary  degree  is  most  certain.  indeed  if  it  was  not  for  our  metallic  monetary  system,  the  value  of  gold  would  be  so  much  depreciated  that  its  production  would  b  e  ,  iiiireV  remunerative;  bui;  as  long  as  we  can  Eiffofci  W  £3  17s.  101  d:  an  ounce,  we  need  not  be  at  all  uneasy  about  a  scarcity  of  bullion,  under  existing  circumstances.  The  American  letters  are  of  . STYLE=superscript  ith  iiiipfirtatit  and  cheering  character.  •  On  the  arrival  ol`  the  Atlantis  at  New  York  an  inimediate  re-action  took  ptice  the  grain  markets,  and  prices  generally-  declined  very  materially:  The  stocks  on  hand  are  nt.;*je  , STYLE=superscript  and  tmleSs  illereitants  give  way  to  the  wildest  spirit  of  speculation,  prides  are  not  likely  to  advance  in  the  Anierican  Markets.  In  addition  to  the  large  stocks  lt  the  states,_  we  have  a  large  quantiiy  ready  for  any  demand  in  C‘anada  .  ..  The  New  York  money  market  is  reeOveng  frOM  the  late  depression  caused  by  the  nofehy  of  an  excess  df  bullion.  Money  is  reported  more  plen;  tiful  and  considerably  easier  for  trade  purposes'  , STYLE=superscript  The  actual:  possession  of  bullion  is  less  essential  to  the  Weill  ' STYLE=superscript  I'6  Of  _tilde  and  cOrtinicrce  in  the  States  than  it  is  in  any  anei  country  With  the  exception  of  Scotland,  where  they  merely  hold  enough  to  meet  the  very  limited  and  act  al  aitiOnht  of  eoin  required  for  incidental  purposes.  It  is  thereford  impossible  for  the  bullion  holders  of  the  States  td  keep  rip  its  value  or  to  cripple  trade  by  its  posseSs  sion.  A  Mail  or  WO  will  enlighten  us  on  this'  sub subject.  ject. subject.  Money  on  call  still  titles  at  7  per  cent.,  and  was  freely  Offered.  Bill  brokers  demanded  8  and  10  per  cent.  for  first  eftis-g  paper,  and  as  much  as  10  and  12  on  secOficlifate  hills:  The  bankers  anti anticipating  cipating anticipating  a  heavy  demand  for  the  A.  id,  had  demand demanded  ed demanded  higher  rates,  and  the  exhangc  on  England  had  ranged  from  1091  to  1098.  Money  continued  to  accumtilate  in  the  Treasury,  and  at  the  elo§e  of  the  month  amounted  to  28,000,000  dols.  Freights  were  considerably  easier  _  From  the  West  . STYLE=superscript  indies  i  We  have  advices  to  the  9th  of  August:  they  dd  tebt  contain  atlything  of  interest  to  the  commercial  community.  Our  private  advices  from  - STYLE=superscript  Braxii,  by  the  gwords  fish  ;  are  .  dated,  Pernambuco,  Sept.  3td,  i  Bahitt  ?  Attgtigt  81st:,  and  Rio  Janiero,  August  25th.  Did  country  w  then  quiet.  The  following  are  tlld  rates  of  freights  and  exchang6:—Perambuco  sugar  in  cases,  455.  ;  bagS  iri  proportion.  Cotton,  to  Liverpool,  I  to  5-10ths.  Exf3hatige  23.  Bahia.  sugar,  40s,  and  355.  to  the  channel  atid  .  Mdiiitef.;  raneati,  Cotton  to  Liverpool,  fie.  Rosewood  ;  40g:  the  ton.  tcliange  looking  down,  sugars  getting  •  scarce.  At  Rio  ;  the  freighta  to  the  States  ruled  al  50  c.  Eltchange  38.  The  Prospero  arrived  at  Rio  on  the  16th  of  August,  from  Liverpool.  Not  Withstanding  the  depression  in  other  mar marketg,  ketg, marketg,  there  has  been  a  good  business  this  week  in  Mining  Sluff:Bs,  and  prices  generally  have  been  well  supported.  The  French  have  been  large  buyers  of  lead,  and  the  Market  has  risen  £2  per  ton.  Other  metals  are  firm,  and  int  good  demand.  These  circumstances,  with  a  greater  inclination  oil  the  part  of  the  public  to  invest  in  mines,  have  given  a  better  tone  to  the  market,  though  the  demand  is  chiefly  confined  to  dividend  shares.  Alfred  Consols  have  reached  £23  to  £23  10s-,  Devon  Consols  £3BO,  Condurrow  £l4O,  West  :Providence  £47,  Trelawny  £45  to  50,  Eagiebrook  £9O  to  £95,  North  Toomey  17s.  6d.  to  £1  ;  Comforts  have  ad advanced  vanced advanced  from  to  £35,  Bell  and  Lanarth  £  to  £lB,  and  a  large  business  doing  ;  Sydney  £8  to  £8  10s.,  West  Caradon  £230  to  £235,  Kirkcud Kirkcudbright  bright Kirkcudbright  £4,  Great  Sheba  £l5,  United  £235  to  £245,  East  Basset  £46,  Mary  Ann  £46  to  £4l,  Butterdon  £4  10s.  to  £5,  Chiverton  £8  to  £lO,  and  inquired  after.  When  the  stamps  go  to  work  it  is  reported  good  returns  of  tin  will  be  made.  A  good  lode  has  been  met  with  at  North  Ding  Dong,  worth  £.O  to  £2O  per  fm.  In  the  Metal  Market  there  hag  been  no  material  alteration  in  .  prices  for  the  week,  nor  has  there  been  so  extensive  a  business  doing  as  of  late,  and,  money  being  scarce,  less  specula speculative  tive speculative  transactions  will  take  place.  Copper,  tin,  hnd  lead  are  frill,  at  the  quotation  last  made.  peiter  £22  per  ton  for  arrival;  Scotch  pigs  £3  2s.  The  tone  of  the  provincial  and  London  railway  markets  was  decidedly  more  steady  at  the  close  of  business  to  day,  and  as  we  have  contended  that  there  was  really  no  grounds  for  the  alarm  which  has  shown  itself  in  the  public  mind  for  the  past  month,  we  now  publish  a  return  of  the  current  railway  receipts  for  the  United  Kingdom,  which  amount,  for  the  week  ending  the  24th  September,  to  368,2771.,  showing  an  increase  of  45,7021.  or  14.2  per  cent.  over  the  receipts  of  the  corresponding  period  of  last  year,  while  the  total  receipts  from  the  Ist  of  January  to  the  24th  September,  amount  to  the  enormous  sum  o  12,481,1021.  against  10,995,8821.  for  the  same  period  of  1852,  thus  showing  an  increase  of  1,514,7801.  or  no  less  than  13.79  per  cent..  on  th  e  corresponding  period  of  1852,  throughout  which  year  the  markets  were  remarkably  steady  'and  prices  well  supported.  The  following  are  the  companies  in  which  the  in increase  crease increase  in  receipts  are  most  remarkable  :—Birming :—Birmingham,  ham, :—Birmingham,  3,003/.  ;  Great  Western,  6,4451.;  South  Western,  1,2381.  ;  Midland,  2,5021  ;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  1,706/.  ;  Brighton,  1,465/.  ;  Dover,  901/.  ;  York,  3,9771;  and  Caledonian,  1,3191.  We  trust  this  statement  of  such  growing  prosperity  will  not  be  thrown  away  on  the  shareholders  of  the  country.  The  Banking  Shares  have  fluctuated  this  week  with  Consols  ;  the  Land  Companies  have  tended  upwards,  and  the  Gold  Mines  have  been  steady-  All  of  these  securities  closed  well.  Australasia  Bank  Shares  have  been  this  week  73  to  69  ex.  div.;  British  North  American,  52  to  591;  Chartered  of  Asia,  31;  Chartered  of  India,  Australia,  and  China,  14-  to  11;  Colonial,  17  ;  English,  Scottish,  and  Australian,  71  to  71;  London  Chartered  of  Aus Austrrlia,  trrlia, Austrrlia,  13f  to  15  ;  London  and  County,  30*;  Lon London  don London  Joint  Stock,  23  to  22;  London  and  West Westminster,  minster, Westminster,  351  to  34;  Oriental,  46+  to  45;  Provincial  of  Ireland,  491;  South  Australia,  37  to  38;  Union  of  Australia,  60  to  64;  and  Union  of  London,  174-.  Australian  Agricultural  Shares  have  during  the  week  been  281  to  35  ;  Australian  Royal  M  a  il,3l  to  4  ;  Crystal  Palace,  5  . STYLE=superscript  4  to  61;  Ditto  New,  21  to  ;  General  Steam,  30;  Netherlands  Land,  21  ;  N.  B.  Australian,  LI  to  I*  ;  Peel  River,  4*;  to  5;  Scottish  Australian  Investment,  2  to  21;  South  Australian  Land;  30  to  33  ;  and  Van  Diemen's  Land,  14  to  15.  St.  Katherine  Dock  Shares  have  been  95,  and  Vic Victoria  toria Victoria  71.  The  latest  prices  of  Mining  Shares  are  as  follow  :—Agua  Fria  -1  to  prem.,  Anglo-Aus Anglo-Australian  tralian Anglo-Australian  Gold  1  dis.  to  par,  Anglo-Californian  4-  to  1  prem.,  Australasian  lk  to  dis.,  Australasian  Coal  Mining  4-  to  4-  dis.,  Australian  2f  to  24-,  Australian  Cordilleral  to  4-  dis.,  Australian  Freehold  f  to  4-dis-,  Ave  Maria  4-  to  4,-  dis.,  Baden  (Grand  Duchy  of)  +  dis.  :to  par,  British  Australian  Gold  1  to  1  dis.,  British  Iron  7  to  9,  Brazilian  Imperial  34-  to  3f,  do.  Cocaes  and  Cuiaba  2+  to  24-,  do,  St.  John  del  Rey  321  to  331,  Carson's  Creekfl  to  dis.,  Cobra  Copper  42  to  45,  Colonian  Gold  ft  to  prem.,  Copper  Miners  of  England  55  to  65,  Copiago  101  to  111,  English  and  Australian  Copper  2+  to  21,  General  14  to  16,  Great  Nugget  *  dis.,  to  *  prem.,  Great  Polgooth  21  to  2  dis.,  South  Australian  ft  to  dis.  .  .  Private  letters  from  Boulogne  state  that  quanti quantities  ties quantities  of  American  flour  had  been  bought  up  in  that  port  for  re-exportation  to  England,  at  prices  varying  from  42f.  50c.  to  43f.  By  the  latest  advices  received  by  Messrs.  Thomas  Lloyd  &amp;  Co.,  whose  circular  we  have  before  us,  we  are  enabled  to  ftirnish  exclusive  intelligence  from  Leghorn,  to  the  26th  September,  and  from  other  ports  from  the  22nd  to  the  24th  ultimo.  Confirming  the  last  advices,  we  have  now  to  announce  the  arrival  at  Leghorn  on  the  25th  ult.,  (Sunday)  of  the  Rothsay,  Captain  Munn,  in  30  days  from  Tub  Harbour,  Labrador,  with  3,600  qlts.  soft  cured  codfish,  and  sale  following  afternoon  at  equal  to  about  lls.  3d.  on  the  usual  credit.  Other  vessels  supposed  to  be  with  codfish  were  in  sight,  and  at  same  time  as  the  Rothsay,  two  cargoes  of  Spanish  pilchards  arrived.  We  are  sorry  we  cannot  hold  out  prospects  of  early  improvement  in  the  market,  and  the  advices  from  the  neighbouring  ports  were  not  encouraging,  being  to  the  following  effect  :  Genoa,  to  24th  Sept.  Arrival  of  a  third  cargo,  93,000  kils.  French  cure,  sold  at  same  price  as  the  last,  say  £ll  per  50  kils.,  less  3  per  cent.  supertare,  and  3  per  cent.  discount,  including  interest  on  credit,  which  we  make  equal  to  about  9s.  nett,  per  21b.  British  weight.  Naples  to  24th  Sept.  Arrival  22nd,  of  about  500  qlts.,  ex  Faith,  from  Leghorn,  P2_TB00094 THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  P2_TB00095 IY  i  ~  * STYLE=superscript  i  ~0;  P2_TB00096 Ot  t  bsy  ,  to  a  dealer.  Short  crops,  general  misery,  an  d  Vecchi  a;  scarcity  of  money  among  the  ,peasa  n  t  ry  .  Ci  v  i  ta  22nd  Sept.  The  consumption  is  slack,  41 STYLE=superscript  R1  from  the  high  prices  of  provisions  in  general,  Thwas  anticipat  e  d  to  b  e  very  limited  this  season.  1e  Adeli  na  '  s  cargo  of  garpe  cure  was  sold  some  ,ao  back,  t  o  arr  i  ve  at  equal  to  ,10s.  ld  nett  per  qlt:  C.  Columbus's  cargo  of  garpe  cure  hourly  eX eX-13Ne,e_tecl.  13Ne,e_tecl. eX-13Ne,e_tecl. STYLE=superscript  at  Vessels,  had  been  sold  for  deli'Very  at  but  the  price  is  not  reported:  - STYLE=superscript  Malta,  to  I  Sept.  Arrival  20th,  Merlin,  from  Round  t  s STYLE=superscript  '  a STYLE=superscript  nd,  18,00  qlts.,  which,  owing  to  bad  weather,  had  not  been  seen.  Being  the  first  Supply  of  the  it  was  expected  to  go  off  in  parcels.  Pre'  1  •  ,  lg  its  in  the  Mediterranean  kept  at  about  335.  to  .  4  .  0  5.  Per  ton,  dead  weight.  The  prohibition.  of  scarc  e  exports  from  Egypt  May  renger  frcigliAS  niOre  arc  e  and  lower  bye  andb.Yet  The  prohibition  of  the  export  from  tIA  kingdom  of  Naples  had  bee  t  ,  b.„  extended  it&gt;  the  end  of  May,  1954.  Prices  of  '  la  d  I  e  „,_  r  s  lave  opened  in  Cornwall  at  38s.  per  hhd.,  unul  to  about  40s.  to  .11.  s.  on  board.  Freights,  Os.  8. STYLE=superscript  i STYLE=superscript  ntid.,  for  the  Mediterranean,  and  2s.  ;tnctditional  for  the  Adriatic  ports.  There  is  a  large  eek  of  this  commodity  remaining  over  from  last  ear STYLE=superscript  '  at  Naples,  to  interfere  with  this  season  `s  44 STYLE=superscript  PPlies  fol  i STYLE=superscript  i  ii STYLE=superscript  „,  tll STYLE=superscript  e  London  Gazette,  of  Friday  last,  we  find  the  9 STYLE=superscript  important  notices  i  T  h  il STYLE=superscript  D  OF  TRA,  E,  WHITER/114  SEPT.  A  •  td  - STYLE=superscript  ••  Itight  lion.  the  Lords  of  the  Committee  of  the  Privy  thelil.f.c.lr  Trade  .  aria.  Plantations  have  received  ,  thro  o  u  f  gh  a  ttiniat  ee STYLE=superscript  a  re STYLE=superscript  ,tarY  of  State  for  Foreign  Affairs,  a  copy  1- STYLE=superscript  ratt*  --  'tom  her  11thiesty's  Consul  at  the  Hague,  trans transporairZtthhe  porairZtthhe transporairZtthhe  subi  .  oined  t  ‘ STYLE=superscript  ianslation  of  a  decree  reducing  tem tem.-e  .-e tem.-e  duties  on  the  importation  of  grain  into  Holland.  By  order,  -  J,  EMERSON  TENNENT.  i  n  ROYAL  DECREE:  1 STYLE=superscript  16k  - STYLE=superscript  1  1  1  3  stqUence  of  the  bxtraOrdinary  .  :nieaSiyes  talceii  by  4 STYLE=superscript  iiti  th  'ilink  States  tb  encourre  the  miportation  of  grain  thiji  ° STYLE=superscript  l  ,  — STYLE=superscript  articles  of  fbod,  it  opeani  necessary  here  also  to  i  t  i  ve  their  introductio.  We,  thereforee  &amp;c.,  decree  :  ti  4 STYLE=superscript  1161  *`'  1 STYLE=superscript  .  The  duties  on  the  importation  of  the  dmen dmen°  ° dmen°  g  o STYLE=superscript  ods  slilal  be  diminished  to  the  following  scaler:—  %ato  es  Mlle  t  Wh  eat  .•  Al  a  •  •  .  •  •  •  •  •  i STYLE=superscript  ze,  barley,  malt,  buckwheat,  oats  )  beans'  vetches,  peas,  lentils  )  gf  Odts,  Artea2rlharlev—  100  kilos.  .  five  t  i  a  ,„:  „  lie  .....  ..  „  above  regulations  shall  come  into  operation  P STYLE=superscript  ant  JB STYLE=superscript  after  the  date  of  the  Staats  Blad  and  &amp;was  Cow  l  i  n  _  IA  which  this  decree  is  published,  and  shall  remain  in  b  ell'  till  the  Ist  of  July,  1854  )  ui•  till  it  is  otherwise  deter deter-`4(11  -`4(11 deter-`4(11 STYLE=superscript  by  law,  tlittht,  Sept.  15,  1853  .  .  5  per  10  mud.  .  100  kilos.  .  10  last,  (Signed)  WILLIAM,  CT  • STYLE=superscript  C  e,  Right  Hon.  the  Lords  of  the  Committee  of  Priv  t  1  . STYLE=superscript  1  7 STYLE=superscript  11  for  Trade  and  Plantations  have  reeeited,  through  dehat  e STYLE=superscript  ,,  ei STYLE=superscript  f  h  etary  of  State  for  Foreigh  Affairs,  a  copy  of  .  a  hat  Cfrom  her  Majesty's  Consul  at  Acapulco,  reporting  to  th  11° STYLE=superscript  rder  had  come  down  from  the  seat  of  Government  with  e  Corder  of  that  port,  allowing  all  vessels  laden  th  e  al  to STYLE=superscript  enter  on  payment  of  reduced  tonnage  dues,  viz.,  doli  a  :PaYment  of  four  teals  (or  2s)  per  ton,  instead  of  one  bu  t  •••  '°  l STYLE=superscript  lr  reals  (or  ds)  per  ton,  which  was  formerly  exacted;  otbtrit  memo  be  understood  that  these  vessels  are  to  have  no  hanbiz  e  on  board.  By  order,  J.  'EMERSON  TENNENT  17  4 STYLE=superscript  f STYLE=superscript  ailure,  to  a  li  m  it  e  d  extent,  was  announce  d  on  ,_e  Gla STYLE=superscript  sgow  Stock  Exchange,  o  n  F  r  id  a  y,  (settling  '  4 STYLE=superscript  3  7 STYLE=superscript  )  the  liabilities  are  trifling.  BULLION  MAUKET  AND  EOD.EIGN  EXCHANGES.  W STYLE=superscript  e  give  th  e  current  pr  i  ce  o  f  G  o  l  d,  as  follows,  to  Itstist  o  the  m  erc  h  ant  i  n  calculating  the  rates  of  r  e'  g  xchange,  by  the  actual  current  rates  of  11 STYLE=superscript  io4,  as  last  reported  et;—  Loudon  775.  .9d  •Paris,  ,  •  Hamburgh,—;  ra  ,  ,  li  -;  Vienna,  ;  St.  Petersburg,  ;  -  ,  Milan,  -;  Constantinople,  -  Alexandria,  d  $Y  Bombay,  -  ;  '  Calcutta,  -  ;  Hong  Kong,-  ;  tr~a  -  fie  Y,  778.  ;  Port  Phillip,  -;  Adelaide,  ;  Mon-  New  York,  -;  San  Francisco,  -;  exic  Brazils,"
