text
"THE  MINISTRY.  (From  our  Second  Edition  of  Ye3terday.)  Every  effort  is  being  made  to  persuade  Sir  George  Grey  to  accept  the  Home  Office.  It  is  said  the  adherence  of  Mr.  Gladstone  to  the  Cabinet  has  become  more  than  doubtful.  It  is  well  known  that  he  is  opposed  to  a  new  reform  bill,  which  would  amount  to  an  extreme  scheme  of  disfran disfranchisement.  chisement. disfranchisement.  The  object  of  Sir  James  Graham's  vi  sit  to  Osborne  is  twofold—its  first  design  is  doubtless  to  see  how  far  he  can  play  his  game  ;  and  his  next  purpose,  the  ostensible  one,  is  to  inform  Her  Majesty  that  there  exists  considerable  difference  of  opinion  in  the  cabinet  as  to  the  Eastern  Ques Question,  tion, Question,  and  that  he  has  been  deputed  to  'state  .and  urge  the  views  of  that  section  of  the  min  istry,  who  .do  not  think  with  Lord  Aberdeen  Sir  James  will  return  to  town  to-day.  Ere  the  close  of.the  week  we  shall  probably  learn  whether  the  break-up  of  the  government  be  immediate,  or  whether  it  can  be  postponed  for  a  few  weeks  longer.  The  Daily  News  says  the  rumour  a  . STYLE=superscript  )out  Mr.  Glad Gladstone  stone Gladstone  came  from  the  Carlton  Club,  and  met  a  very  ,  cool  reception.  COUNTY  COURT.-  YESTERI).tY.  The  Court  sat  at  ten  o'clock  READ  V.  Mosimitv.—ln  this  case  Mr:  JOseph  Read,.tailor  and  draper,  of  120,  Bold-street,  summoned  Mr.  Moseley.  dentist,  also  of  Bold-street,  for  £3  195.,  for  clothing  supplied.  Mr.  Hughes,  solicitor,  stated  that  the  real  defendant  was  a  young  man  named  Francis  Bickley,  an  assistant  of  Mr.  Moseley,  and  that  this  person  acknowledged  the  debt  and  would  pay  it  on  the  15th  of  January,  when  his  salary  fell  due.  The  plaintiff  stated  that  he  had  summoned  Sir.  Moseley  as  the  party  who  got  the  clothes  always  represented  himself  as  that  gentleman.  Under  the  name  of  Mr.  Moseley  he  called  to  the  shop  and  ordered  the  goods;  and  the  plaintiff  stated  that  he  had  also  received  a  note  from  him  in  which  he  signed  him himself  self himself  Francis  Moseley.  On  the  part  of  the  defendant  it  was  stated  that  several  young  men  who  had  been  in  the  employment  of  Mr.  Moseley  were  in  the  habit  of  making  use  of  his  name.  His  HONOR  expressed  a  strong  condemnation  of  the  habit,  and  asked  the  plaintiff  whether  he  had  made  Mr.  Moseley  ac acquainted  quainted acquainted  with  the  fact  that  the  young  man  bad  obtained  clothes  from  him  under  his  name.  'rho  plaintiff  stated  that  ho  always  understood  the  young  man  to  be  Mr.  Moseley  himself.  He  had  only  been  informed  that  morning  who  the  real  defendant  was.  His  HONOu  gave  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff  for  the  full  amount,  to  be  paid  immediately.  He  added  that  it  was  a  very  gross  case  of  fraud,  almost  amounting  to  obtaining  money  under  false  pretences,  and  recommended  that  Mr.  Read  should  at  once  inform  Mr.  Moseley  of  the  practice  which  had  existed  in  his  establishment.  No  other  case  of  any  public  importance  occurred  during  the  day.  THE  SOUTH  AMERICAN  OLINDA.  The  Olinda's  machinery  is  being  repaired  at  Queenstown  and  she  may  be  looked  for  here  daily.  During  the  progres  of  the  voyage  out  and  home,  several  testimonials  were  presented  to  Captain  Haram  and  his  officers,  among  them  the  following  gratifying  one  after  the  vessel  arrived  at  Queenstown  :  On  board  the  S.  A.  and  G.  S.  N.  Co's  steam steam.  . steam.  ship  Olinda,  15th  Dec.,  1853.  DEAR  SIRS,—It  is  with  the  greatest  pleasure  and  Evilest  sa satisfaction  tisfaction satisfaction  at  this,  the  conclusion  of  our  voyage  from  the  Brazils  to  Europe,  that  we  seek  to  add  our  testimony  to  those  already  received  by  you,  not,  we  beg  to  assure  you,  as  a  mere  compli compliment,  ment, compliment,  but  as  the  earnest  and  innate  feeling  of  every  one  of  us.  Permit  us,  dear  sirs,  to  remark,  that,  notwithstanding  thedisad•  t  v  a  a  t  n  io  ta  n  g  s  e  )  s  th  n  a  i  at  ,  t  u  i  t  n  . STYLE=superscript  a  d  l  i  l  v  y  id  a  u  t  a  t  i  e  i  attendant  d  a  a  n  s  wetolni  as  a  passage  collectively,i  a  newwe  have  ste  h  a  me  ad  r,  (which,  o  f  course,  can  rarely  be  expected  answer  all  expec expecthe  the expecthe  greatest  pleasure  in  making  your  acquaintance,  and  delight  in  spending  our  time  with  you,  who  have  endeavoured  (and,  we  feel,  succeeded)  to  drive  off  the  ennui  and  monotony  of  Bo  long  a  voyage,  lengthened  in  the  present  instance  by  continued  contrary  winds,  and  an  accident,  which  none  of  you  could  pos possibly  sibly possibly  have  foreseen,  We  beg  you  to  be  assured  that  we  are  mindful  of  the  same—of  your  extreme  urbanity  of  manner  and  gentlemanly  deportment  —a  deportment  whi,;ll  has  endeared  you  to  many  of  us  by  more  than  the  relations  of  captain  and  passenger;  and  now,  -  on'  the-  eve  of  our  taking  leave  of  you,  while  with  sincerity  we  say,  we  should,  if  occasion  required  us  to  return,  give  the  vessel  under  your  command,  with  Mr.  Blow  as  chief  officer,  and  Dr.  Wall  as  surgeon,  the  preference.  We  earnestly  pray  that  He  above  may  vouchsafe  to  grant  you  health  and  happiness,  that  no  matter  which  ocean  it  may  be  your  lot  to  traverse,  you  may  ever  be  atttended  by  fortune  and  the  smiles  of  a  'kind  Providence.  Requesting  you  to  accept  these  honest  and  truly  felt  expressions,  with  reiterated  assurances  of  profound  respect-  and  esteem.—We  have  the  honour  to  be  dear  sirs,  your  obedient  servants,  [Signed  by  the  Passengers.]  To  Captain  G.  H.  HARAM  and  Officers,  commanding  the  S.  A.  and  G.  S.  N,  Co's  Steam-ship  A  NEW  . STYLE=superscript  BRAZILIAN  - STYLE=superscript  TARIFF.  Considerable  changes  in  the  Brazilian  tariff  of  customs  dutiei  have  for  two  or  three  months  past  been  anticipated  :  the  cham chambers  bers chambers  having  in  their  last  session  passed  a  law  conferring  power  on  the  imperial  government  to  alter  those  duties;  and,  though  the  commercial  policy  of  the  empire  has  from  its  first  existence  .  as  an  independent  state  been  that  of  free  trade,  some  appre apprehensions  hensions apprehensions  existed  in  our  manufacturing  districts  that  the  altera alterations  tions alterations  thus  authorised  might,  to  some  extent,  be  of  a  restrictive  or  proteCtive  character.  The  last  wail  Shows.  the  groundless groundlessness  ness groundlessness  of  such  fears.  A  draught  of  the  new  tariff  has  been  pub published,  lished, published,  and  so  far  from  raising,  it  materially  redtaces,  the  duties  on  the  principle  articles  of  importation  from  - STYLE=superscript  England,  in  many  cases  as  much  as  from  25  to  30  per  cent.  The  .  Proposed  alter  :  -  ations  were  indeed  of  so  satisfactory  a  character  that  one  of  the  last  acts  of  the  English  charge  d'affaires,  Mr.  Jerningham,  be before  fore before  leavino.  Rio  de  Janeiro,  was  to  press  the  Brazilian  cabi  ne  t  at  Once  to  legalise  b STYLE=superscript  the  draught  it  had  prepared,  *and  which  pub:  Inc  opinion  had  fully  sanctioned.  This  abi:tity  to:reduce  duties  arises  from  the  flourishing  .  state  of  the  imperial  finances  and  the  continued  existence  of  a  considerable  surplus  beyond  the  ex expenditure.  penditure. expenditure.  A  VORACIOUS  BOA  CONSTRICTOR.—O;I  Friday  week,  Wombell's  magnificent  collection  of  wild  beasts  arrived  in  this  city  from  Stockton.  A  few  days  previous  to  its  arrival  in  this  City  a  singular  circumstance  occurred,  throwing  Charles  Dickens'  story  Of  the  blanket  completely  into  the  shade:  Dur During  ing During  the  cold  weather  at  the  beginning  of  last  week  the  boa  eon eonsttictor,  sttictor, eonsttictor,  to  protect  it  from  the  cold,  was'  carefully  wrapped  in  flannel,  and  two  young  crocodiles  put  beside  it,  with  the  object  of  imparting  heat;  on  the  keeper,  however,  opening  out  the  flannel  to  look  after  his  charge,  to  his  utter  astonishment  he  discovered  that  one  of  the  crocodiles  had  been  swallowed  by  the  boa  !  This  is'  considered  to  be  a  feat  unparalleled  in  natural  his history.--Durham  tory.--Durham history.--Durham  •  LAmoun.  public  meeting  of  the  operatives  of  London  was  held  last  night,  at  the  Literary  Institution,  John-street,  Tottenham-court-road,  to  consider  the  subject  of  the  strikes  in  Lancashire,  and,  in  -tonnection  therewith,  labour  Mr.  J.  Finlen  having  been  called  to  the  chair,  said  that  the  object  of  th  e  p  resen  t  meeting  was  to  afford  substantial  and  impartial  assistance  to  the  men  now  on  strike  at  Lancashire,  where  there  were  70,000  men  out  of  employment,  and  on  the  brink  of  starva starvation.  tion. starvation.  In  Preston  alone  there  were  25,000  out  of  employ,  some  of  whom  had  struck  for  an  advance  of  10  per  cent.,  but  he  wished  to  call  the  attention  of  the  meeting  to  the  fact  that  out  of  this  25,000  men,  15,000  only  had  been  assisted  by  the  parties  making  what  they  ca  ll  y STYLE=superscript  a  national  appeal,  whilst  the  remaining  10,000  received  nothing  whatever  out  of  the  national  fund.  (Shame.)  Those  who  were  sitting  at  the  Old  Baihy  intended  mainly  to  assist  the  men  at  Pres Preston,  ton, Preston,  but  this  wls  not  in  accordance  with  the  requirements  or  the  wishes  of  the  people.  If  the  men  at  Wigan  turned  out  to  the  extent  of  5,000,  they  would  require  similar  assistance,  as  would  also  de  men  of  Bury  ;  and  for  these  reasons  the  amalgamated  committee  of  the  Lancashire  operatives  had  determined  to  afford  'equal  assistance  to  all  engaged  in  the  struggle  for  the  rights  of  labor.  He  considered  that,  in  order  to  give  eficacy  to  strikes,  it  would  be  necessary  to  have  a  and  a  national  re representation  presentation representation  of  all  trades  and  from  every  town,  which  would  obviate  the  necessity  and  expense  of  sending  delegates  from  one  part  of  th  3  country  to  another,  appealing  for  sup support.  port. support.  (Cheers).  By  this  means  assistance  would  be  fairly  and  equitably  afforded  6 STYLE=superscript  ,0  all  engaged  in  the  common  cause.  (hear,  hear),  capital  would  soon  have  less  power  than  it  possesses  at  present,  -and  labour  would  meet  with  its  just  reward.  (Cheers).  XL  Ellis  moved,  That,  for  the  pur purpose  pose purpose  of  pr  )vidiug  a  power  to  guard'  and  advance  the  rights  of  labour,  we  hereby  sledge  .ourselves  to  render  our  assis assistance  tance assistance  to  establish  as  spedily  as  possible  the  projected  labour  Carried  unanimously.  Resolutions  of  sym sympathy  pathy sympathy  with  the  operatives  on  strike  having  been  agreed,  to,  the  meeting  separated,  due  care.  The  monetary  position  of  - STYLE=superscript  the  United  States  is  - STYLE=superscript  Such  ato  leave  no  doubt-as  to  their  power  of  carrying  out  all  the  great  works  they  have  in  hand,  as  well  as  those  recommended  by  the  President  for  the  consideration  of  Congress.  A  railroad  from  the  Atlantic  to  the  Pacific  ocean  has  long  been  a  most  popular  idea  in  America,,and  now  that  the  government  of  the  States  has  taken  it  up,  we  may  look  with  confidence  to  its  speedy  accom  plishment.  And  here  again  we  find  another  field  for  the  employment  of  English  materials,  which  must  add  another  very-large  item  to  the  increase  of  trade,  at  present  before  us;  and,  in  fact,  with  six  Free  Trade  countries  in  existence,  and'  moved  by  honorable  rivalry,  it  is  impossible  to'  form  the  re  motest  idea  of  what  the  greatness  of  the  results  may  prove"
