text
"THE  PRESTON  STRIKE-ADDRESS  OF  THE  MASTER  SPINNERS'  ASSOCIATION.  PRESTON,  WEDNESDAY  NIGHT.  The  following  address  on  the  cause  of  the  general  closing  of  the  mills  in  this  town,  has  this  day  been  issued  by  the  Master  Spinners'  Association  :  TO  THE  PUBLIC  In  consequence  'of  the  numerous  misrepresentations  that  have  been  made  respecting  the  cause  of  the  present  unfor unfortunate  tunate unfortunate  position  of  the  town,  the  committee  of  the  M  as  t  er  Spinner's  Associati  on  b  eg  to  state,  for  the  information  of  the  public,  such  facts  connected  therewith  as  must  convince  any  unprejudiced  mind,  that  the  responsibility  rests  not  with  them,  but  with  the  same  designing  and  irresponsible  body  who  originated,  and  still  continue  to  be  the  cause  of  the  stoppage  of  the  mills.  a  placard,  under  the  head  of  Causes  of  the  lock  out,'  Mr.  Cowell  informs  the  public  that  at  this  period  (middle  of  August,)  all  the  mills  but  those  on  strike  (six  or  seven)  were  perfectly  satisfied  with  their  advance.'  The  committee  of  masters  feel  sure  that  the  public,  on  reading  the  following  statement,  (every  word  of  which  they  are  pre prepared  pared prepared  with  proof  of)  will  be  of  opinion  that  if  all  the  others  were  satisfied,  these  six  or  seven  (the  cause  of  the  turn-out  under  the  dictation  of  Cowell  and  others)  ought  to  have  been  so  too;  as  in:  every  instance  they  were  offered  the  full  wages  of  the  town,  and  in  some  instances  considerably  more.  Messrs.  Swainson  Brothers  weavers,  at  their  mill  in  Water-street,  had  settled  with  their  masters  the  terms  on  which  they  were  to  work,  but  on  the  matter  being  referred  to  the  Committee,'  the  arrangement  was  disallowed,  and  they  were  ordered  not  to  go  to  work  unless  the  weavers  of  the  same  firm  at  their  mill  in  Leighton-street,  were  also  allowed  to  resume  work,  and  at  the  latter  mill  the  weavers  refused  to  work  unless  an  alteration  was  made  in  the  ar arrangements  rangements arrangements  of  the  same,  which  Messrs.  Swainson  did  not  think  proper  to  concede.  The  spinners  in  the  same  estab establishment,  lishment, establishment,  who  were  earning  nett  wages  of  28s.  6d.  per  week,  were  offered  an  advance  of  5  per  cent.  ;  or  the  option,  after  the  advance  had  been  given  -through  the  whole  town,  of  being  paid  equal  to  the  highest  paid  Spinners  in  it  ;  both  these  propositions  were  refused,  and  the  men  struck  work.  the  time  the  general  advance  in  wages  took  place,  Messrs.  Birley  Brothers  offered  to  their  Weavers,  along  with  others,  the  advance  agreed  upon  ;  the  sum  actually  offered  and  refused  was  81d.  per  piece,  for  what  they  had  previously  been  paying  Bd.,  and  Messrs.  Birley  Brothers  were  given  to  understand  that  unless  they  paid  9d.  per  piece  (or  14  per  cent.)  their  weavers  would  turn-out,  which  they  afterwards  did.  The  weavers  in  this  establishment  were  allowed  to  be  best  paid  in  the  town,  and  the  only  reason  assigned  for  their  conduct  was,  that  when  the  wages  had  been  forced  up,  they  were  to  be  made  the  standard  by  which  to  equalize  the  wages  of  the  other  mills  in  the  town.  In  this  concern,  the  wages  paid  weekly  to  the  the  weavers  alone,  amounted  to  about  £2OO,  and  the  advance  offered  on  that  sum  was  only  265.  11d.  or  three  farthings  per  weaver  per  week,  under  10  per  cent.  In  Messrs  amongst  the  BashalPs  case—lt  was  well  known  that  they  were  paying  a  higher  rate  of  wages  than  many  in  the  town,  but, STYLE=superscript  nevertheless,  they  offered  to  pay  the  additional  price  per  piece  which  others  did,  but  this  advance  was  re rejected,  jected, rejected,  and  the  parties  ultimately  left  their  work.  It  is  presumed  this  was  a  further  step  preparatory  to  the  threatened  process  of  equalization,  In  Messrs.  Taylors'  case,  a  portion  of  the  weavers  were  ofered  an  advance  of  ld.  per  cut  upon  11  id.,  which  they  refused,  although  th  e  same  advance  had  been  offered  by  other  casters  upon  the  same  description  of  c:oth,  and  accepted;  the  only  difference  being,  that  previous  to  the  advance,  these  masters  were.only  paying  11d.  where  Messrs.  Taylor  were  paying  112  d.  The  remainder  of  the  weavers  in  this.estab this.establishment  lishment this.establishment  did  not  object  to  the  advance  given,  but  turned  out  in  a  body  and  without  a  minute's  notice,  because  Messrs.  Taylor  took  the  liberty  of  discharging  a  weaver,  whose  ser services  vices services  they  did  not  require,  and  of  subst.tuting  another  of  whom  the  unionists  did  not  approve.  The  case  of  Mr.  Naylor's  spinners  will  further  illustrate  the  system  attempted  by  the  unionists.  Mr.  Naylor  a  few  months  ago,  on  application  from  his  spinners,  advanced  their  w  ges  5  per  cent.,  with  which  they  expressed  themselves  perfectly  satisfied  ;  but  shortly  afterwards  they  demanded  a  further  advance  of  10  per  cent.  Mr.  Naylor  offered  them  5  per  cent.,  (the  two  advances  making  together  the  full  advance  . STYLE=superscript  be  paid  by  others)  which  the  spinners  refused;  stating  that  his  case  had  the  special  attention  of  the  'Committee,'  rho  had  ordered  them  to  say  that  they  must  have  10  per  notices,  w  earnings  of  these  men,  without  the  proffe  re  d  a  d  vance  ,  was  cent.  (in  .  ad  h  d  ic  i  h  tion  th  t  e  o  y  th  af  c  te  s  rw  pr  a  e  r  v  d  i  s  o  th  us  d  ly  .  gi  T  v  h  en  e  )  average  e  give  n STYLE=superscript  weeklythetheir  2Es.  lud.  per  week.  bin  John  Clayton's  case  is  somewhat  similar  to  the  pre-  He  some  time  ago  advanced  the  wages  of  his  spinners,  and  on  their  application  for  a  further  advance,  at  owe  made  them  an  offer  which  was  rather  more  than  10  per  ceit.  upon  what  he  had  been  previously  paying.  The  offer  was  rejected,  and  full  10  per  cent.,  without  reference  to  the  alvanee  he  had  previously  given,  was  insisted  on.  all  the  above  cases,  it  was  well  understood  that  the  .peratives  were  acting  under  the  orders  of  the  committee,'  though  Mr.  Cowell  would  now  wish  the  public  to  think  other  wise.  He  says,  khad  we  been  consulted  at  the  first,  more  than  one  firm  would  now  have  been  working'  ;  and  to  con convince  vince convince  the  public  of  his  sincerity,  he  has  been  paying  the  parties  of  whose  conduct  he  professes  to  disapprove,  6s.  each  per  week  for  several  weeks.  Cowell  also  omits  to  inform  the  public  that  it  was  the  openly  expressed  intention  of  '  the  committee,'  (and  that  at  the  very  time  when  he  states  that  the  operatives  at  all  the  mills  excepting  six  or  seven,  were  perfectly  satisfied,)  as  soon  as  the  advance  had  been  obtained  generally.  to  agitate  for  an  equalization  of  the  wages  paid  throughout  the  town,  taking  of  course  the  different  firms  one  by  one.  Independent  of  the  wages  question,  many  gross  cases  of  insubordination,  and  of  direct  interference  with  the  management  of  several  establishments  in  the  town  might  be  adduced,  consequent  upon  the  state  of  things  at  that  time.  The  associated  Masters  'had  no  alternative  but  t  9  close  their  mills,'  unless  they  were  prepared  to  sit  tamely  down  and  see  their  members  ruined  one  by  one;  or  the  management  of  their  works  transferred  altogether  into  the  hands  of  strangers,  or  rendered  intolerable  by  their  exac exactions  tions exactions  and  interference.  In  conclusion,  deeply  as  the  committee  of  masters  de deplore  plore deplore  the  suffering  necessarily  entailed  upon  the  town,  by  the  present  unhappy  state  of  things,  and  sincerely  anxious  as  they  are  to  obviate  it,  they  cannot  hold  out  the  slightest  hope  of  a  resumption  of  work  so  long  as  the  operatives  submit  them themselves  selves themselves  to  the  guidance  of  their  present  leaders  ;  many  of  whom  are  strangers  in  the  town,  others  of  them,  being  mere  traders  in  agitation,  and  all,  h  av  i  ng  a  personal  interest  in  the  continuation  of  the  November  1,  1853."
