text
"Zate6  by  Suction.  BY  ORDER  OF  THE  EXECUTORS.  MANCHESTER-ROAD,  SOUTHPORT  _  _  Sale  of  Excellent  FIOUSEEIOLD  FURNITURE,  Lofty  Bookcase,  Mahogany  Winged  Wardrobes,  large  Four-post  Bedsteads,  Pier  Giavves,  Engravings,  Sic  :  ,  &amp;C.  R.  WILLIAM  EAST  TY  has  the  pleasure  of  announcing  that  he  has  received  instructions  from  the  Executors  of  the  late  Mrs.  Burke,  to  SELt.  by  AUCTION,  on  the  pt.,  mhe  Mount  Cambria,  Manchester-road,  on  Tuesday  next,  (to-morrow),  to  commence  at  Eleven  o'clock  in  the  Forenoon,  pre precisely,  cisely, precisely,  whole  of  tha  supetlor  FURNITURE  and  Household  Effects.  The  FRONT  PARLOUR  contains  six  solid  rosewood  chairs,  in  hair,  covered  ha  moreen  damask;  large  Spanish  mahogany  table.  on  carved  pillar  and  plinth,  with  extra  leaf  ;  a  very  superior  sofa,  of  the  finest  mahogany,  with  two  loose  sea's—one  in  hair  and  one  in  wool  flock;  excellent  mahogany  work  table,  two  rosew  ,od  footstools,  invalid  reclining  chair,  hair  stuffed,  and  covered  in  Moro  -co  leather,  large  gilt  pier  glass,  glass  candelabra,  lustres,  and  chimney  orna ornaments  ments ornaments  .  neat  pattern  drugget  to  fit  the  room,  moreen  damask  Cur Curtains,  tains, Curtains,  steel  fender,  fire-irbns.  butler's  tray  and  stand,  and  several  proof  engravings,  including  portraits  of  the  Qu-en  and  Prince  Albert,  and  the  following  eminent  Divines—Rr..vs.  W.  Roby,  J.  A.  James,  R.  S.  M'All,  J.  Griffin.  T.  Raffles,  R.  Halley,  &amp;c.  BACK  PARLOUR.—The  furniture  comprises  Kidderminster  carpet  and  rug,  six  mahogany-framed  chairs,  stuffed  and  covered  In  hair  ;  solid  rosewood  table,  small  side  table  and  cover,  lofty  mahogany  bookcase,  with  five  drawers,  cupboard,  and  drawer,  e.  closed;  brass  fender,  fire-steels,  coal  box,  two  painted  fire-screens,  three  papier  mantle  trays,  bronze  urn,  two  flower  stands,  chimney  ornaments.  gilt  corn'ce.  wire  blinds,  chintz  ha,:gings.  Venetian  bli  de.  framed  portraits  f  the  Revs.  J.Williams,  R.  and  W.  Roby  a  hand handsome  some handsome  y  framed  proof  engraving  of  R.  Cobden,  Esq,,  and  about  10  , STYLE=superscript  1  volumes  of  hooks,  including  about  twenty  volumes  of  the  Evangeli Evangelical  cal Evangelical  Magazine.  steads,  with  mo,  mahogany  wing.  d  d  umbrela  nirs,  and  pillows,  hair  mattresses,  stiaw  palliasses,  towel  rail  hogany  bed  chair,  nine  bedroom  chairs,  K  dderminster  carpetin  ss  fender,  Ere  irons,  moreen  dama,k  curtains,  large  three-fo  m  screen,  rocking  chars,  old  oak  chest,  six  sAs  of  Venetic  nd  cata  Y,  Aucti  a  liaste,er  and  jack.  oak  table.  rnsti-  ler,  sever  was  be  obtained  on  the  premises;  or  Illersey-ehambeis,  Liverpool,  ,  and  c  ALL  Ut  GLAsco  , STYLE=superscript  r.  ST  ANDR  SW  STREW:  EDINBURG'  by  all  C^u~lry  News-izentt  HEARTLESS  RUFFIANISM  ROBBING  A  POOR  IRISH  EMIGRANT,  A  pair  of  well  known  dock  duffers,  said  by  the  police  to  be  the  greatest  ruffians  in  England,  were  brought  up  by  detective  officers  Thompson  and  Scaife,  before  Hornby,  on  the  following  charge  :—The  prisoners  gave  their  names  as  Patrick  Carberry  and  Michael  Cun Cunningham,  ningham, Cunningham,  and  the  officers  said  they  lived  in  a  house  of  the  most  infamous  character,  in  Banistre  street.  It  appeared  from  the  evidence'  of  an  '•  unsophisticated  young  man,  named  Tobias  Rourke,  tiventy  one  years  of  age,  a  native  of  Bruff,  county  of  Limerick,  that  he  was  on  his  way  to  New  Orleans.  and  was  on  board  the  ship  Martha  J.  Ward,  in  the  Huskisson  dock.  On  Friday  morning  he  was  at  his  breakfast,  when  the  prisoner  Cunningham  accosted  him,  and  told  him  he  was  a  fellow  passenger,  when  poor  Rourke  invited  him  to  have  some  breakfast,  but  the  prisoner  declined,  saying  he  had  taken  his  morning's  repast  already.  After  some  conver conversation,  sation, conversation,  the  prisoner  said  he  expected  a  job  on  board,  and  would  probably  be  enabled.to  procure  one  also  for  for  him  (Rourke);  he  pointed  out  the  second  prisoner,  who  was  on  deck,  saying,  &#34;that's  the  man  who  has  charge  of  all  the  provisions  on  board  the  ship,  and  I  *think  I  can  get  you  a  job  whilst  you  are  going  He  brought  him  to  the  prisoner  Carberry,  and  said,  is  a  man  that  will  answer  you  over  the  provisions,  as  he  can  read  and  write,  and  keep  &#34;That's  3oon  to  .h  ham  'ld  coin,  value  t  ei;'  Orleans,  y  dollars,  twenty  that  thevdrtizzed  his  morose,  and  J.  R.  Ri  Newton,  ?J.  Newton,  junr.,  and  A.  °gds..  shire,  spinners,  so  far  as  regards  A.  Ogden.  ,  Aucoats,  Lanca-  COURT  OF  QUEEN'S  BENCH.-SATURDAY  (Before  Lord  Campbell,  and-  Justices  Wightman  and  Crompton.)  PARKER  V.  GREAT  NORTHERN  RAILWAY  COMPANY.—  I  This  was  a  case  for  the  special  consideration  of  the  court.  Mr.  Maynard  stated  that  the  plaintiff  was  a  surgeon  residing  at  Peterborough,  who,  having  occasion  to  go  from  that  city  to  Hull  on  the  25th  of  March,  consulted  the  company's  time  table,  from  which  he  ascertained  that  a  train  would  leave  Peterborough  at  a  certain  hour  in  the  evening—namely,  at  7.20.  Having  seen  this  advertisement  at  different  points  where  it  had  been  placed  by  the  authority  of  the  defendants,  plaintiff  transacted  his  business  at  Peterborough,  and  at  the  time  indicated,  presented  himself  at  the  company's  station,  where  he  was  for  the  first  time  informed  that  there  was  no  such  train,  and  that  there  had  not  been  such  a  train  during  that  month  at  such  an  hour,  or  within  several  hours  before  or  after  the  time  indicated  on  the  time  table.  The  case  proceeded  to  state  that  there  were  no  means  by  which  the  plaintiff  could  reach  Hu.ll  that  night,  and  that  the  plaintiff  having  made  his  arrangements  on  the  faith  of  the  company's  advertise advertisement,  ment, advertisement,  tendered  his  fare  with  a  view  of  proceeding  on  his  journey.  The  company  refused  to  convey  him  on  the  ground  stated,  namely,  that  there  was  no  train.  I  that  the  line  from  Peter Petertheir  their Petertheir  line  def  )  Hull  t  Aske  The  comp  a  ny  had  running  powers  over  the  Northern  and  Eastern  line  to  the  Milford  Junction,  the  companies  having  be-  come  parties  to  the  railway  clearing  system,  established  by  the  Act  of  1850.  The  defendants  had  been  in  the  habit  of  issuing  tickets  from  Peter Peterborough  borough Peterborough  to  Hod  on  that  system.  On  the  27th  of  )üblicatical  of  the  March  Febru  tables,  the  Northern  and  Eastern  Company  gave  notice  to  tire  defendants  that  they  should  cease  running  from  Milford  Junction  to  Hull  the  train  which  corresponded  with  the  7.20  from  Peterborough.  Notwithstanding  this,  the  Great  Northern  Company  continued  to  publish  through  train  to  Hull,  whereby  the  10s..  which  was  the  Plaintiti  i  and  which  lad  been  awarded  by  the  County  Court.  In  the  company's  time  tables  there  was  ail  announcement  to  the  effect  that  the  company  would  make  every  exertion  that  the  trains  should  be  punctual  ;  but  the  precise  time  of  their  arrival  and  departure  at  the  time  stated  would  not  be  guaranteed,  nor  would  the  company  .hold  themselves  responsible  for  delay  or  the  consequences  arising  therefrom.  Lord  Campbell  :  But  that  only  refers  to  punctuality.  Mr.  Maynard  proceeded  to  argue  on  the  ground  of  contract  as  contained  in  the  tables,  and  if  not,  on  the,  ground  of  tort  ;  for  if  any  person  made  such  an  arrangement  for  his  own  profit,  and  datnaeed  another  person,  that  was  clearly  a  ground  for  an  action  on  the  case.  That  was  all  that  was  necessary  to  constitute  leal  fraud,  whatever  the  motive  might  be.  Mr.  H.  Hill,  for  the  Great  Northern  company,  contended  that  they  were  not  liable.  They  did  not,  of  course,  care  about  the  10s.,  the  subject  in  dispute,  but  the  qu.s qu.s-tion  tion qu.s-tion  was  of  great  importance  to  the  company.  Lord  Campbell  :  And  to  the  community  at  large,  for  we  are  now  to  know  what  faith  is  to  be  attached  to  these  time  tables,  and  what  liability  is  to  be  attached  to  the  company  for  publishing  them.  Mr.  Hill  said  it  was  well  known  that  almost  all  the  great  lines  communicated  with  other  lines  to  the  most  extreme  parts  of  the  country.  Lord  Campbell  reminded  the  learned  counsel  that  it  was  not  of  the  slightest  im importance  portance importance  whether  there  was  a  communication  between  the  Great  Northern  and  other  lines.  Directly  a  contract  was  made,  the  company  was  rendered  responsible.  Mr.  Hill  submitted  that  there  was  no  contract,  the  only  evidence  a  contract  being  the  time  tables,  which  were  merely  an  invitation  to  the  public  a  statement  that  the  company  was  willing  to  do  business  upon  such-and  such  terms.  There  was  no  legal  contract,  any  more  than  there  w!is  upon  the  part  of  a  man  who  put  up  a  statement  that  he  would  sell  cloth  or  calico  at  so  much  a  yard.  Justice  Wightman  :  Do  you  mean  to  say  there  was  no  promise?  Mr.  Hill:  If  there  were,  the  company  would  be  obliged  to  run  all  their  trains  at  the  time  mentioned.  Lord  Campbell  :  So  they  are.  Mr.  Hill  :  Suppose  there  was  a  slip  on  the  line  ?  Lord  Campbell:  That  might  be  an  excuse.  After  some  further  discussion,  Lord  Campbell  said  that  the  case  Was,  doubtless,  one  of  great  importance  to  railway  com companies  panies companies  and  the  public.  It  seemed  to  him  that  railways  would  not  he  of  the  benefit  and  accommodation  to  the  public  which  they  were  found  to  he,  if  the  representations  on  the  time  tables  were  treated  as  mere  waste  paper  and  were  not  to  be  considered  as  the  foundation  of  a  contract.  He  was  of  opinion  that  in  this  case  the  plaintiff  was  entitled  to  recover,  both  on  the  ground  of  contract  and  of  false  representation.  It  seemed  to  him  that  it  would  be  a  binding  contract  if  the  company  published  in  express  terms  that,  in  consideration  of  customers  coming  to  the  station  at  a  particular  hour,  they  should  be  conveyed  by  a  train  to  run  at  that  time,  and  they  came  accordingly  and  tendered  their  fare.  In  the  case  before  the  court  there  was  a  clear  promise  that  there  should  he  a  train  from  Peterborough  to  Hull  at  7.20,  and  upon  the  faith  of  that  the  plaintiff  made  his  arrangements,  and,  as  was  not  denied,  was  put  to  an  expense  of  £5  103.  by  the  non-fulfilment  of  the  contract.  He  (the  learned  lord)  thought  it  could  make  nn  rli  ferenee  flint  tlsc,  whole  of  the  line  was  not  the  nrn.  They  st  .1  on  their  own  tirne-"
