text
"MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL.  LIVERPOOL,  SATURDAY  EVENING.  There  has  been  less  activity  in  the  Liverpool  L  Cotton  Market  to-day,  and,  with  only  a  moderate  demand,  there  has  been  a  falling  off  in  the  amount  of  business  done.  The  total  sales  are  only  6,000  bales,  including  1,000  taken  for  speculation  and  export.  Prices  continue  very  firm.  The  Liverpool  Share  Market  opened  at  an  ad advance  vance advance  of  per  cent.  upon  yesterday's  closing  prices,  in  consequence  of  the  announcement  of  the  prospect  of  an  immediate  signing  of  preliminaries  of  peace,  and  the  improvement  Continued  to  the  close,  prices  leaving  off  upwards  of  one  per  cent.  better  than  yesterday,  and  the  tone  firm  :—Aberdeen,  111  12.  Chester  and  Birken Birkenhead,  head, Birkenhead,  131  131.  Caledonian,  281  281.  Chester  and  Holyhead,  121  131.  Eastern  Counties,  8  13-16  8  15-16.  East  Lancashire,  18#  183.  Great  Northern,  231  24.  Ditto  A,  91  10:.  Great  Western,  561  571.  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Stock  801804.  Liverpool,  Crosby:  and  Southport,  141-  15.  London  and  North  Western  Stock,  081981.  Manchester,  Sheffield  and  Lincoln,  25  251.  Ditto  Preference,  131  131.  Ditto  New  6  per  cent  Pref.,  1  I.p.  Midland  Stock,  681  69.  North  British,  7  11-16  7  13-16.  North  Staffordshire,  74  71d.  South  Eastern  and  Dover,  18  5-16  181.  York,  New Newcastle,  castle, Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  18,1  181.  York  and  North  Mid Midland,  land, Midland,  241  241.  Leeds  Capital  Stock,  131141.  Dutch  Rhenish,  x  all  4p.  Ditto  New  Shares,  2  3.16  21p:  Great  Western  of  Canada,  251  264.  Ditto  New  Shares,  31  31p.  Great  Luxembourg,  81  83d.  The  steamer  Arago  has  arrived  at  Southampton,  with  dates  from  Ne,v  York  to  the  12th  instant.  She  has  brought  only  15,000  dollars  in  specie.  There  has  been  no  important  change  in  the  New  York  Money  market,  and  Exchange  on  London  was  still  dull  at  108.  1 STYLE=superscript  ,.  The  Cottom  'market  was  firm.  Wheat  was  inactive,  and  Pork  in  moderate  demand.  Freights  to  Liverpool  were  steady  at  full  rates.  The  Overland  Mail  has  arrived  at  Trieste,  with  dates  from  Bombay  to  the  2nd  of  January.  Trade  was  quiet,  and  Money  market  tight  - STYLE=superscript  and  unsettled.  Calcutta  on  London  was  quoted  at  -Bths,  and  at  Bombay  at  2s  21d.  de  imports  of  specie  during  the  week  have  been  y  the:Tagus  (s.),  from  the  Mediterranean,  2125/  ;  the  Champion  of  the  Seas,  from  Melbourne,  124,000  ounces  of  gold,  or  496,0001;  the  Ravensbourne  (s.),  from  Antwerp,  30  eases  of  bullion  ;  the  Baron  Osy  (s.),  from  Antwerp,  15  cases  of  bullion.  The  exports  have  been  by  the  Euxine  (s.).  for  India  and  China,  255,641/,  of  which  20,690/  was  in  gold,  and  234,9511  in  silver;  divided  as  follows,  gold  to  Alexandria,  17,600/,  Ceylon,  2990/,  Madras,  1001;  silver  to  Bombay  200,251/,  Madras  25,6001,  and  Calcutta  9,100/.  .  .  Exchange  at  The  following  is  the  official  return  of  the  exports  of  the  precious  metals  from  the  port  of  London  for  the  week  ending  January,  17th,  1856  :—Gold  coin  to  Boulogne,  156  ounces;  Gold  bars  to  Ham Hamburgh,  burgh, Hamburgh,  150  ozs.  Total  Gold,  306  ozs.  Siver  Coin  to  Belgium,  176,000  ounces;  ditto  to  Rotterdam,  40,000  ozs  ;  ditto  to  Boulgne,  400  ozs.  Total  silver,  216,400  ozs.  The  South  Adelaide  papers  received  by  the  Champion  of  the  Seas,  furnish  the  official  revenue  returns  for  the  year  ending  the  30th  of  September.  The  ordinary  revenue  shows  a  decrease  of  10,2041.  on  the  quarter,  and  of  31,452/.  on  the  year.  -  The  Land  Fund  Revenue  shows  a  decrease  of  53,8301  on  the  quarter,  and  of  128,383/.  on  the  year.  The  total  falling  off  in  the  revenue  is  64,0341.  on  the  quarter,  and  159,8351  on  the  year.  The  Adelaide  Register,  in  noticing  the  above  fact,  says:—  '  It  will  be  important  to  ascertain  the  elements  of  this  very  heavy  deficit.  In  regard  to  the  ordinary  Revenue,  the  chief  falling  off  is  in  the  Customs;  the  receipts  from  this  source  being  £27,300  against  X  44,179  for  the  corresponding  quar quarter  ter quarter  of  the  year  before,  and  £137,425  against  £177,418  for  the  two  years  respectively.  The  total  deficit  upon  Customs  is  £16,879  on  the  quarter,  and  £39,993  on  the  year.  This  heavy  amount  is  partly  redeemed  by  as  increase  of  £7,844  during  the  year  from  miscellaneous  receipts.  The  falling  off  in  our  Customs  is  partly  due  to  the  diminished  imports,  and  partly  to  the  diminished  means  of  consumption  conse consequent  quent consequent  upon  the  failure  of  the  last  harvest  and  the  tightness  of  the  money  market.  The  proceeds  of  the  Government  land  sales  for  the  quarter  ending  September  30th  last  k  amounted  to  £63,841  against  £118,978  for  the  correspond corresponding  ing corresponding  quarter  of  the  year  before.  Comparing  the  two  years,  we  find  that  the  year  ending  September  30,  1854,  realized  £373,009,  and  1855,  ending  at  the  corresponding  period,  only  £249,860.  The  falling  off  is  to  be£55,137  upon  the  quarter,  and  £123,148  upcn  the  year.  This  is  most  certainly  due  to  the  failure  of  the  harvest,  the  result  have  been  to  preclude  many  of  our  farmers  from  attending  the  land  sales,  and  greatly  to  check  competition  amongst  those  who  were  present.  We  have  little  doubt  that  the  returns  this  time  next  year  will  present  a  far  different  result.  Turning  to  Expenditure  we  perceive  that  the  ordinary  dis disbursements  bursements disbursements  of  the  the.  Government  have  decreased  by  £13,850  on  the  quarter,  and  have  increased  by  £56,785  on  the  year.  The.greater  part  of  this  increase  upon  the  establishments  (including  Civil  List),  the  entries  under  this  head  being  £137,991  for  the  year  ending  Sept.  30th,  1854,  and  £174,413  for  the  year  ending  September  30th  1855.  The  rest  of  the  excess,  under  Ordinary  Ex Expenditure,  penditure, Expenditure,  consists  chiefly  of  about  £21,000  expended  on  public  works  over  and  above  the  amount  expended  on  similar  objects  in  1854.  The  decrease  upon  the  quarter  is  also  found  under  the  same  head.  The  Land  Fund  Ex Expenditure  penditure Expenditure  shows  a  net  increase  of  £35,376  on  the  quarter,  and  , STYLE=superscript  of  £88,563  on  the  year,  for  the  details  of  which  amounts  we  refer  to  the  official  tables  elsewhere  printed  in  extenso.  We  are  glad  to  find  that  the  remittances  to  the  Land  and  Emigration  Commissioners  in  England  show  a  smaller  amount  for  the  present  year  than  for  the  past.  The  home  guardians  of  our  colonial  purse  have  ample  funds  for  a  long  time  to  come,  as  a  glance  at  the  balances  will  show.  Let  them  spend  the  money  cautiously,  for  it  will  be  long  before  they  have  their  coffers  similarly  replenished.  We  have  received  advices  from  New  Zealand  to  the  22nd  of  September.  A  public  meeting  had  been  . STYLE=superscript  held  at  Auckland  of  persons  interested  in  the  cultivation  of  flax,  and  its  preparation  for  the  market,  at  which  a  commission  was  appointed  to  inquire  into  the  causes  of  the  failures  which  have  attended  on  preparing  New  Zealand  flax  for  manu manufacturing  facturing manufacturing  purposes.  The  meeting  expressed  their  determination  to  proceed  in  the  matter  until  suc success  cess success  should  crown  their  efforts.  The  commercial  operations  of  the  island  are  reported  to  be  in  a  languid  condition  ;  but  the  flour  market  was  firm,  with  prospects  of  an  advance.  The  prospectus  of  a  new  Joint  Stock  Bank  in  London  has  been  issued.  It  is  to  be  called  the  Western  Bank  of  London.  It  is  intended  that  it  shall  be  incorporated  by  Royal  charter,  with  a  capital  of  £400,000,  with  power  to  increase  to  £1,000.000.  The  number  of  shares  are  to  be  4000  of  £lOO  each.  Most  of  the  directors  are  well  known  public  characters,  and  they  look  for  support  to  their  intended  establishment  from  the  fact  that  the  joint-stock  banks  now  in  existence  in  London  have  been  highly  successful,  and  have  paid  a  large  per-tentage  to  the  shareholders.  The  London  Wine  Company  have  issued  their  prospectus,  from  which  it  appears  that  the  capital  is  to  be  50,0001,  in  5000  shares  of  101  each.  The  company  is  formed  under  the  Limited  Liability  Act,  and,  the  directors  confidently  entertain  the  belief  that  a  dividend  of  10  to  15  per  cent.  will  be  realised  from  the  first  year's  :operations.  A  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  of  well-known  experience  in  the  wine  trade  will  conduct  the  business  of  the  company.  An  extensive  connection  with  the  army,  navy,  and  the  colonies  is  exected  at  once  to  be  established.  In  the  Mincing  Lane  markets  this  week  there  has  been  increased  firmness  for  most  articles.  The  increased  demand  for  sugar,  which  was  noticed  last  week,  has  continued,  and  a  further  advance  of  ls.  to  ls.  6cl.  per  cwt.  has  been  established.  The  sales  have  been  large.  In  the  refined  markets,  also,  there  has  been  a  good  inquiry,  and  the  business  transaction  has  increased.  The  coffee  market  has  exhibited  more  firmness,  and  the  public  sales  have  been  numerops,  while  prices  have  tended  upwards.  In  cocoa,  rum,  rice,  and  saltpetre,  the  dealings  have  been  very  limited,  and  in  the  case  of  the  lat latter,  ter, latter,  a  decline  in  price  has  occurred.  Pepper  has  continued  in  good  demand  at  full  prices,  but  in  pimento  very  little  business  has  been  transacted.  Cloves  have  been  cheaper,  but  no  change  has  been  reported  in  mace  and  nutmegs.  The  following  are  the  Gazette  average  prices  of  Muscovado  Sugar,  for  the  week  ending  Jan.  22nd,  18 STYLE=superscript  50,  exclusive  of  Custom's  duties  payable  thereon,  on  the  importation  thereof  into  Great  Britain  :  From  the  West  Indies  26s  10fd  per  cwt.  Alauritius  ~  East  Indies  0  0  If STYLE=superscript  Average  price  of  the  three  fl STYLE=superscript  foregoing  descriptions  0  0  If  Mr.  William  Avens,  in  his  weekly  report  of  the  London  Stock  and  Share  Market,  writes  :  The  change  which  I  noticed  in  my  last  as  having  come  over  the  market  in  consequence  of  the  expectations  of  peace,  owing  to  Russia  having  accepted  the  terms  required  by  the  Allies  as  a  basis  for  negotiation,  has  been  con-  firmed:  and  I  have  to  report  a  fey  — STYLE=superscript  active  businest  to  au  di3scriptions  of  stock  and  securities.  'The  demand  which  hag  this  arisen  is  to  a  great  extent  from  the  public  for  investment  ;d  the  ,rapld  advance  of  Thursday  has  been,  on  the  whole,  steadily  maintained,  With  a  ten tendency  dency tendency  to  further  improvement.  At  the  game  time  one  prominent  feature  of  the  market  has  been'  a  peculiar  sensibility  to  rumours  and  impressions  affecting  the  good  faith  of  Russia  and  Austria.  Any  circumstances,  how however  ever however  unimportant,  of  a  character  to  throw  suspicion  upon  the  ulterior  designs  of  those  powers  in  so  urgently  press pressing  ing pressing  for  negotiations,  would  immediately  cause  a  disastrous  fall  in  prices,  and  destroy  the  growing  hopes  now  so  widely  entertained.  At  present,  therefore,  much  caution  is  visible  in  making  engagements;  still  nothing  has  yet  occnred  to  justify  doubts  of  the  conclusion  of  peace  in  a,  few  months.  The  next  intelligence  ldoked  for,  is  the  signing  of  the  pre preliminaried  liminaried preliminaried  of  peace,.and  the  declaration  of  an  armistice.  These  fortis  can  scarcely  be  concluded  before  the  Ist  of  February,  and  in  the  meantime  their  effect  upon  the  market  has  been  partially  discounted  ;  but  operators  for  the  rise  are  now  ldoking  to  the  ,  queen's  spedch  at  the  opening  of  parliament  oil  Thursday  next,  as  likely  to  contain  some  definite  expressions,  not  only  on  these  points,  but  on  the  prospect  of  a  safe  and  durable  peace.  The  language  of  the  speech  must,  however,  be  interpreted  mainly  by  the  explanations  of  ministers  in  the  debate  on  the  addreas  the  _same  evening.  About  that  period  we  may  anticipate  a  gdod  deal  of  speculative  movement.  Consols,  which  opened  last  Saturday  at  891  to  a  and  closed  at  891  to  90,  after  having  been:  done  at  901,  closed  yesterday  at  901  to  1.  There  has  only  been  one  or  two  occasions  during  the  week  when  they  have  been  so  low  as  89/.  The  range  of  fluctuation  has  been  confined  to  per  cent.  Comparative  steadiness,  therefore,  has  been  a  chief  feature  in  the  business  of  the  week;  but,  on  the  whole,  transactions  have  not  been  so  numerous  as  were  expected.  Stock  has  been  sold  by  the  Government  within  the  last  few  days,  and  it  has  been  found  that  the  public  haVe  been  purchasers  at  about  90.  Many  parties,  how however;  ever; however;  are  disposed  to  think  this  price  too  high,  even  though  peace  be  made,  having  regard  to  the  commercial'  value  of  money  and  the  probable  necessities  of  the  government.  Railway  Shares  have  been  e*ceedingly  firm  all  the  week,  and  most  of  the  heavy  stocks  have  greatly  improved.  In  Midlands,  the  advance  up  to  Thursday  was  21  per  cent.  upon  the  prices  this  day  week  ;  on  London  and  North  Western  2i;  on  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire!  11;  and  on  Great  Western  1#  per  cent.  The  average  has  thus  been  equal  to  nearly  2  per  cent.,  which,  with  the  2  per  cent.  realised  last  week,  made  a  rise  of  between  3/.  and  41.  within  the  last  eight  or  ten  days,  tut  a  reaction  equal  to  per  cent.  occurred  yesterday,  owing  to  the  sales,  and  the  market  is  now  weak.  Joint  Stock  Bank  and  Miscellaneous  Shares  have  all  advanced,  but  they  are  not  attracting  eery  much  attention  in  the  predent  State  of  the  market.  The  money  market  was  easy  in  the  early  part  of  the  week,  though  ,without  any  abatement  in  the  rates;  but  on  Thursday  and  yes yesterday  terday yesterday  it  was  excessivey  tightti  particularly  on  the  Stock  Exchange.  Yesterday  as  much  as  7  per  Bent  Naas  paid  for  loans  on  government  security  for  short  periods,  This  was  owing  partly  to  the  preparations  for  the  settlement  newt  week  of  the  railway  account  which  is  heavy,  and  to  the  payment  yesterday  of  the  final  instalment  and  premium  of  the  Turkish  loan.  The  aggregate  was  651,2501.  The  demand  at  the  Bank  and  in  Lombard  -street,  has  been  con considerable  siderable considerable  for  the  last  day  or  two,  and  accommodation  has  hardly  been  so  liberally  afforded.  The  Funds  to-day  exactly  recovered  yesterday's  fall  of  I  per  cent,  Consols,  which  closed  last  night  at  901  to  .4',  opened  this  morning  at  901  to  t,  and  they  immediately  showed  an  improving  tendency,  gradually  advancing,  until  at  the  close  the  quota quotations  tions quotations  were  911  exactly,  after  having  been  buyers  at  914.  The  improvement  was  owing  to  the  increased  certainty  of  the  preliminaries  of  peace  being  almost  immediately  signed  and  an  ar armistice  mistice armistice  concluded.  This  conviction  was  strengthened  by  an  announcement  that  Paris  has  been  fixed  upon  as  the  capital  where  the  pacifica pacification  tion pacification  is  to  be  negotiated,  'and  the  appointment  of  Baron  Brunow  as  the  Russian  Plenipotentiary.  The  selection  of  Paris  is  regarded  as  conclusive  as  to  peace;  and  the  nomination  of  Baron  Brunow  as  a  clear  proof  of  the  sincerity  of  the  pacific  dis disposition  position disposition  of  Russia.  The  Paris  Three  per  Cents.  have  again  advanced,  and  the  tone  on  the  Bourse  is  extremely  good,  owing  to  the  strong  b  e  li  e  f  that  peace  will  b  e  arrived  at  by  the  Plenipoten Plenipotentiaries  tiaries Plenipotentiaries  of  the  respective  Powers  in  the  Conference  about  to  be  held  in  that  capital.  The  imports  of  the  Precious  Metals  this  week  have  been  about  516,0001.  The  exports  have  been  limited.  The  Railway  Share  Market  to-day  was  decidedly  buoyant,  and  prices  closed  at  the  following  quotations  :—Caledonian,  561  57.  Eastern  Counties,  8!  8.  East  a  Lan Lancashire,  cashire, Lancashire,  73s  744.  Great  Northern,  95  96.  Ditto  A,  80  801.  Great  Western,  56f1  561.  Lanca Lancashire  shire Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  801  801.  London  and  North  Western,  98t,  08f  .  Nlanchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincolnshire,  241  251.  Midland  Stock,  681  691.  North  British,  301  31.  South  Eastern  and  Dover,  60t  61.1.  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  73  74  York  and  North  Midland,  484  49  TRADE  REPORT..--.SATURDAY.  COTTON  :  The  Cotton  market  to  day  has  been  rather  quicker,  the  demand  has  been  moderate,  the  supply  sufficient,  and  ro  prices  a  firm  .  The  sale  s  ,  i  nc  l  u  di  ng  3  50  Pernambuca,  6  0  to  6°d  ;  30  Maranham,  51d  ;  100  Egyptian,  6to  bid  300  Surat,  31d  to  5d  ;  are  reported  6,000  bales,  of  which  1,000  are  on  speculation  and  for  export.  PIG  IRON  :  There  has  been  a  fair  amount  of  business  done  to  day,  and  the  sale  of  about  1,000  tons  is  reported.  The  market  closed  for  warrants  at  75s  6d,  cash,  and  76s  Gd  for  three  months  open.  SuumAc  :  420  bags  sold  at  lis  91.  TARTARS  :  60  casks,  about  20  tons,  Lisbon  Yellow  changed  hands  at  1063,  for  export  ;  110  s  refused  for  Cream  ;  115  s  is  about  the  price.  Rospr  :  The  sales  comprise  500  barrels  Common  American  at  4s  3d.  PALM  OIL  :  The  market  is  dull  at  £43  to  £43  108.  TALLOW  :  The  market  is  heavy  at  58s  to  58s  4d.  The  deliveries  are  reported  at  227  casks.  *BRIMSTONE  :  20  tons  2nds  have  been  sold  at  £5  12s  6d,  and  12  tons  lsts  at  £5  15s.  NITRATE  OF  SODA  :  No  sales.  *  LOGWOOD  :  £6  17s  6d  was  refused  for  60  tons  Honduras.  OLIVE  OIL  :  The  business  has  been  confined  to  5  tons  Lisbon  at  £5l.  ROMAN  VITRIAL  :  ►Some  small  sales  at  36s  6d.  TARTARIC  ACID  :  Strong  buyers  at  is  51c1;  about  10  tons  offering  at  Is  61.  ARG  - STYLE=superscript  OLS  :  Firm  ANNATTO  easy  at  10d  to  10id  THE  OVERLAND  MAIL  The  steamer  Bombay  arrived  at  Trieste,  on  Saturday,  January  26th,  at  1.45  a.m.,  from  Alexan Alexandria,  dria, Alexandria,  which  she  left  on  the  20th.  The  India  and  China  mails  reached  Alexandria  on  the  19th  of  January,  with  dates  from  Calcutta  to  the  22d  of  December;  Bombay,  2d  of  January  ;  Shanghai,  Bth  of  December  ;  Canton,  12th  of  December  ;  and  Hong  Kong,  16th  of  December.  Bills  have  been  passed  for  turning  the  Son Sonthal  thal Sonthal  country  into  a  non-regulation  province.  The  kingdom  of  Oude  is  to  be  sequestered,  and  the  administration  entrusted  to  General  Outram.  Trade  in  India  was  quiet  ;  the  money  market  was  tight  and  unsettled.  Exchange  at  Calcutta,  2s  5;11  ;  at  Bombay,  2s  21(1.  The  rebellion  still  continues  in  the  interior  of  China,  and  paralyses  trade.  Another  extensive  fire  had  occurred  at  Canton.  Trade  in  Canton  had  been  brisker.  Exchange  at  Canton,  4s.  1011.  ;  at  Hong  Kong,  4s.  91d.;  at  Shanghai,  6s.  9id.  The  American  Commodore  Abbott  is  dead.  Lord  Canning  left  Suez  on  the  13th  of  January  for  Bombay.  The  English  steamer,  with  the  London  mail  of  the  10th  of  January,  arrived  at  Alexandria  on  the  20th  of  January,  and  was  to  leave  again  on  the  22nd.  ST.  ANNE'S  DISPENSARY  AND  EYE  AND  EAR  INSTITUTION,  9,  Rose-hill.—New  Patients  entered  on  the  books  last  week,  January  26,  viz.  :—Relieved  at  the  institution.  162  ;  relieved  at  their  own  dwellings,  60  ;  total,  222.  Visitors  :  R.  P.  Manger  and  G.:11  . STYLE=superscript  .  Garratt,  Esqrs.  ;  lion.  Sec.  and  Treasurer,  Joseph  Kitchen,  Esq.  THE  ROYAL  CHARTER.—This  splendid  ship,  which  left  this  port  under  the  command  of  Captain  Boyce,  on  the  18th  instant,  on  her  first  voyage  to  Melbourne,  has,  we  regret  to  find,  been  compelled  to  put  into  Ply  mouth  sound,  on  Saturday  morn  i  ng,  under  stress  of  weather,  with  topsides  leaky,  and  other  damages.  THE  AUSTRALIAN  MAIL  SERVICE  —The  first  attempt  at  supplying  a  fortnightly  mail  to  Australia  by  means  of  the  clipper  ships  between  Liverpool  and  Melbourne,  has  not  been  very  encouraging.  The  Ben  Nevis  had  not  arrived  at  Melbourne  when  the  White  Swan  left,  though  she  had  been  out  ninety-one  days.  News  from  England  to  the  21st  of  June,  however,  had  been  received  by  the  Defence,  a  cargo  ship,  which  sailed  from  Liverpool  one  day  after  the  Ben  Nevis.---Adelaide  Observer,  Sept.  29.  The  Peace  Party's  Soiree  this  evening  at  Manchester  will  not  be  attended,  it  is  expected,  by  Mr.  Cobden.  The  prin principal  cipal principal  speakers  will  be  the  Right  Hon.  T.  Milner  Gibson,  M.  P.,  Mr.  J.  Bright,  M.  P.,  General  Th  om  p  son,  Mr.  Heywood,  M.  F.  M  r  .  W.  Brown,  M.  P.,  and  Mr.  Crook,  M.  P.,  have  also  accepted  invitations  t  o  b  e  present.  Nearly  a  thousand  tickets  are  said  to  have  been  sold.  CHARGE  or  Ansox.—At  the  Ashton  Borough  Sessions  on  Friday,  Thomas  Moore,  a  tailor  and  draper,  carrying  on  buiness  in  Old-street  in  that  town,  was  fully  committed  for  trial  at  the  ensuing  assizes,  on  a  charge  of  having  wilfully  set  fire  to  his  premises  with  intent  to  defraud  the  Manchester  Fire  Assurance  Company.  An  application  to  admit  the  accused  to  bail  was  made  to,  and  refused  by  the  magistrates.  ■~  .1  THE  SABBATH  DEFENCE  MOVEINIENT.  No.  11,  (ntalil  A  CORRESPONTrENT.)  In  our  former  communication  we  Ltisposed  of  the  arguments  brought  forward  at  the  moeting  in  St.  George's-hall.  Let  us  now  go  more  ,!;horoughly  iuto  the  Sunday  question,  and  endeavour  to  meet  the  sincere  and  honest  objections  raised  E  mainst  the  measure  by  persons  who,  speaking  the  iortial  views  of  no  special  class,  are  well  worthy  of  - STYLE=superscript  our  respectful  attention.  Every  Christian  and  right-minded  person  will'  agree  that  the  governing  and  well-educated  classes  are  responsible,  before  God  and  man,  for  the  hap happiness,  piness, happiness,  and,  in  so  far  as  lies  in  their  power,  for  the  morality  of  the  less  prosperous  members  of  the  community  in  which  they  live.  Not  only  are  - STYLE=superscript  we  thus  morally  responsible,  but  we  prove  that  we  so  consider  ourselves  by  the  expense  we  go  to  for  the  maintenance,.  for  the  health,  for  the  education,  and  for  the  protection  of  our  poorer  neighborrrra—'  every  poor-house,  i'every  hospital,  every  ragged  school,  every  prison  is  a  practical  acknowledge  ment  of  that  responsibility.  Such  being  the  case,  how  can  we  meet  statistic%  like  the  following,  unless  we  are  doing  all  we  cart  to  repeal  the  false  legislation,  and  to  check  the  mistaken  zeal,  which  are  the  encouragement,  if  not  the  cause  of  the  misery  we  see  around  us  ?  Painful  as  it  must  be  to  any  one  interested  in  the  welfare  of  his  town,  to  bring  forward  these  figures,  if  we  would  honestly  sift  the  questions  they  must  be  looked  steadily  in  the  face.  There  are  in  Liverpool  only  70,000  to  80,000  men,  women  and  children  who  ever  enter  a  place  of  worship  !  There  are  154  places  of  religious  worship  in  Liverpool,  containing  habitually  50,000  unoccupied  There  are  1,452  paces  in  this  town  where  spirits  or  ale  are  sold  !  Of  the  70,000  to  80,000  persons  who  go  to  the;  church  or  chapel,more  than  one  quarter  are  school  children.  The  small  number  of  people  who  go  to  church  or  chapel  may  be  accounted  for  in  some  slight  measure,  (we  speak  the  truth,  severe  though  It  may  be),  by  the  peculiar  tone  of  acrimony  which  pervades  the  pulpits  of  this,  perhaps  more  than  any  other  town—a  spirit  of  severe  and  unchristian  criticism,  characterises  the  popular  preachers  of  Liverpool,  (of  course,  with  some  exceptions  to,  them  all  praise*),  and  while  they  fill  their  churches  with  ,  an  audience  who  go  to  listen  to  somethi  n  g  spicy''  the  first  time,  and  afterwards  from  the  fascination  of  that  peculiar  style  of  oratory,  many  rendered  in indifferent,  different, indifferent,  and  more  utterly  disgusted,  withdraw'  and  the  numbers  of  those  who  go  to  church  or  chapel  is  sensibly  diminished.  But  still  150,000  adult  men  and.  women  never  enter  a  place  of  religious  worship  !  This  is  the  fact  with  which  we  must  grapple.  It  is  not  denied  by  any  of  the  speakers  at  the  St.  George'  Hall  meeting,  but  the  orators  on  that  platfornt  seem  determined  that  if  the  150,000  persons  will  not  spend  their  evenings  in  church,  at  all  events  they  shall  not  spend  them  any  where  else,  always  excepting  the  publieohouse.  Sermons,  on  Sunday  night,  to  well  dresses  persons,  at  evening  service,  pointing  out  the  sacredness  of  the  Sabbath  to  those  who  always  hold  it  sacred,  and  the  necessity  of  Church-going  to  those  who  are  never  absent  from  Divine  wor worship,  ship, worship,  are  of  no  use,—while  the  spirit  vault,  with  its  glaring  gaslight,  the  beerhouse  with.  its  quiet  taproom,  stand  invitingly  open  every  ten  yard  along  our  streets,  and  are  crowded  to  excess  by  our  less  educated  population.  And  here  we  must  emphatically  state  that  we  are  not  teetotallers  that  we  are  not  in  favour  ot  the  introduction  of  the  liquor  law  which  hag  already  proved  a  failure  in  Maine  ;  that  we  believe  the  spirit  and  beer,sellers  are  as  honest,  and  quite  as  respectable  as  any  class  of  tradesmen  in  thiS  city,  and  we  are  sure  that  they  would,  as  a  body,  agree  with  the  views  we  are  advocating.  We  are  '  opposed  to  any  laws  interfering  with  the  freedom`  of  any  member  of  this  community,  in  buying,  a  in  selling  anything,  at  any  hour  it  may  suit  him;  because  we  believe  such  prohibitory  laws  to  V/  false  in  principle,  and  we  know  they  have  prove()  impossible  in  practice.  If  we  hold  that  excessive  drinking  is  the  curse  of  this  country,  and  the  bane  of  its  pepulation  that  drunkenness  leads  to  almost  eveTy  crime  thaD  is  committed,  and  to  nearly  all  the  poverty  of  our  fellow  citizens,  we  also  hold  that  we  cannot,  by  law,  prevent  people  drinking  immoderately'  if  they  are  determined  to  do  so,  °.  r STYLE=superscript  ..  punish  those,  who,  in  the  free  exercise  of  their  trade,  supply  the  unnecessary  drink;  but  we  etV  I STYLE=superscript  ,  put  down  this  evil  by  giving  the  people  higher  aua  nobler  tastes,  a  more  agreeable  and  cheaper  mode  of  spending  their  evenings,  and,  above  all,  ments  to  which  their  wives  and  children  can  accompany  them.  Holding  these  views,  every  peoples  '  par  k  w  ith  its  band  of  music,  every  botanical  garden  with  its,,  beauteous  flowers,  every  museum  with  its  ing  collections,  every  large  hall  with  its  cheap,  but  good  oratorio,  are  steps  in  the  right  direction.  On  Sundays,  especially,  do  we  advocate  the  opening  of  as  many  of  these  places  of  recreation  as  possible.  After  a  hard  week  of  toil,  the  tion  would  be  physically,  and  still  'more  morally'  most  beneficial.  The  inducement-  to  econor4  in  the  pleasure  of  seeing  his  family  around  hinl  in  respectable  attire,  in  the  afternoon  stroll  in  his  own  park,  or  in  the  visit  to  St.  George's-hall  Oratorio,  would  be  great  to  the  working  man;  and  the  economical  change  from  the  selfish  enjoyment  of  Sunday  afternoon  at  the  spirit  vault  door,  or  in  the  taproom  club,  would  soon  enable  .  many  .fara'  ilies,  now  debarred  from  attending  divine  service  by  their  want  of  suitable  clothes,  to  spend  the)  Sunday  morning  in  worshipping  their  God.  _  _  *  The  venerable  archdeacon  who  so  lately  passed  awe  from  among  us,  beloved  by  every  fellow-townsman,  wall  one  of  those  whose  sermons  were  no  discredit  to  his  read  Christianity.  MILITIA  APPOINTMENT.--The  London  Gazette,  oe  Friday,  contains  the  following  :--sth  regiment  of  Roy'  Lancashire  Militia,  Henry  Kirwan  Robinson,  late  Lieut.-,  4th  Foot,  to  be  Captain,  vice  Weld,  resigned;  Jan.  19.  LIST  OF  PASSENGERS  PER  R.  M.  CANADA,  FROM  BosTO  AND  HALIFAX.—From  Boston  —Messrs  Roy,  Dixon,  %'  Jackson,  A.  L.  M  on  k,  P  .  Garneau,  C.  Creniazie,  N.  „  Hill,  T.  E.  Robinson,  E.  J.  Heyer,  Thompson,  E.  Burstall,  P.  A.  Carasco,  G.  L.  Wood  , STYLE=superscript  J.  Hewett,  R.  Galt,  D.  Gilmour  and  friend,  J.  Firth,  Hon.  J.  S.  Wortley,  Messrs.  A.  F.  Weld,  H.  A.  Mason,  Chalmers,  J.  Anderson,  W.  H.  Rockliffe,  Captain  Wm'  Davidson,  Messrs.  P.  Tracy  and  child,  C.  Webster  ar  l STYLE=superscript  daughter,  W.  Somerville,  J.  Christopher,  M.  Ring;  P.  Osbeck,  L.  Connell,  L.  Boye,  Lady,  lino  servant,  A.  Greene,  A.  Freeman,  J.  Aug'o  H.  Nathan,  Edmondstone,  R.  Smith,  W.  Koch,  1,  E.  Ene  lish,  A.  A.  Nevins,  W.  W.  Bourguin,  Carson,  13. STYLE=superscript  '  Foster,  J.  M`Douzall,  D.  M‘Dougall,  A.  Swan'  Y.  S.  Evans,  A.  Sellers,  G.  Hill,  J.  H.  Hardy'  D.  C.  Hickey,  F.  Reser,  R.  Wilks  T.  Martin,  L.  Shi  r  l  ey  and  lady,  J.  Morris,  Mrs.  J.  P.  1111 STYLE=superscript  den.  From  Halifax—Messrs.  Campbell,  Ick,  G  or  da,  Mourillian,  and  Wel  s  h  ;  Serjeant  Turnbull,  wife  and  Or  DARING  BURGLARY  AT  BIRKENHEAD,  LAST  NIGH  ROBBERY  or  £lOO.—A  most  daring  and  successfl  burglary  w  as  committed  at  an  early  hour  last  evening,  9  the  house  of  Captain  iAngell,  No.  7,  Price-street,  Birkell:  head.  About  half-past  six  Captain  Angell  and  his  vill  a STYLE=superscript  left  their  house  and  went  across  the  street  to  evening  service  at  the  Wesleyan  (Brunswick)  Chapel,  leaving.  servant  girl  and  a  daughter,  about  seven  years  of  age,  charge  of  the  house.  The  servant  states  that  about  seve'  o'clock,  while  sitting  in  the  f  ront  parlour  with  the  litt  le  girl,  some  men  (she  does  not  know  whether  four  or  flc!.,  ) STYLE=superscript  got  over  the  yard  wall  b  eh  i  nd  the  house,  and  entered  v.;  the  back  kitchen  do  or  ,  Which  she  had  forgotten  to  faste  n  inside,  One  m  an  came  into  the  parlour,  and  holding  +1  ;  large  dagger  o  ver  h  er  and  the  child,  threatened  them  vir'  violence  if  th  ey  moved  or  spoke.  He  had  a  foreign  ,  accent,  and  t  h  e  upper  part  of  his  face  was  blacked'  He  kept  them  in  this  state  of  terror  for  about  half  an  hoar  , STYLE=superscript  she  supposes,  having  tied  them  together  in  a  silk  handke  r STYLE=superscript  ;  chief  to  prevent  either  of  them  getting  out  of  the  room,  ci STYLE=superscript  t  to  the  front  window.  During  this  time  the  other  men  wen  up  stairs  and  ransac  k  e  d  t  h  e  house.  At  last  all  the  olea  went  out  again  by  the  back  door,  and  having  released  selves,  the  servants  alarmed  the  neighbours,  and  the  lift  girl  went  across  to  th  e  c  h  ape  l  to  inform  her  parents  of  vita  had  happened.  On  searching  the  house,  it  was  discover`  ev  ,  that  eighteen  large  s  il  ver  spoons,  and  about  half  a  do  z STYLE=superscript  d,  smaller  ones,  to  be  stolen,  and  from  Captain  Angell's  10 STYLE=superscript  6  room  there  was  about  £lOO  taken.  The  money  was  il  l STYLE=superscript  o  and  £lO  Bank  of  England  notes,  two  old  guineas,  an  ;  r  0  number  of  sovereigns  and  foreign  gold  coins.  The  burgl  io  had  also  broken  into  Mrs.  Angell's  sister's  box,  but  as  1 STYLE=superscript  0  latter  lady  had  been  spending  the  day  in  Liverpool  it  0 STYLE=superscript  .  not  known  whether  any  valuable  property  had  been  taP  from  it."
