text
"MARRIAGES  On  the  18th  instant,  at  Plympton,  Charlers  Ricketts  Carter,  Esq..  Commander  in  the  Royal  Navy,  eldest  son  of  the  late  Vice-Admiral  Carter,  to  Jane,  eldest  daughter  of  the  late  Commander  M'Killop,  R.N.  On  the  25th  instant,  at  St.  Peter's,  Brighton,  Robert  Campbel  l  Macrae,  Esq.,  of  Moulmein,  in  the  East  Indies,  to  Jane  Eliza,  eldest  daughter  of  Captain  M  .  J  .  Currie,  Royal  Navy.  On  the  25th  instant,  at  Putney,  by  the  Lord  Bishop  of  London,  Captain  George  G.  Wellesley.  R.  N.  youngest  son  of  the  late  Hon.  and  Rev.  Gerald  Wellesley,  8.D.,  to  Elizabeth  Doughty,  youngest  daughter  of  the  late  Robert  Luldn,  Esq.,  of  the  War-office.  On  the  25th  instant,  at  St.  Andrew's  Church,  Plymoth,  Charles  Henry  Elphinstone  Holloway,  Esq.,  late  68th  Royal  Rifles,  to  Sarah  Bryant,  Whitchurch,  youngest  daughter  of  James  Bryant,  Esq.,  of  Prospect,  Pennycross,  near  Plymouth,  On  the  25th  instant,  at  St.  John's  Church,  Oxford-square.  by  the  Hon.  and  Rev.  H.  Montague  Villiers,  rector  of  St.  George's,  Blooms Bloomsbury,  bury, Bloomsbury,  and  canon  of  St.  Paul's,  the  Rev.  Thomas  Lee,  B.A.  Curate  of  St.  Mary's,  Bilston,  to  Harriet  Ann.  third  daughter  of  the  late  James  Ormond  Norman,  of  Bloomsbury-square,  and  Brookside,  Sussex,  Esq.  On  the  25th  instant,  at  St.  Pancras,  George  William,  to  Mary  Jane,  eldest  daughter  of  Henry  Coate,  Esq„  North  Petherton,  Somerset.  On  the  25th  instant,  at  St.  Mary's,  Kingston,  Portsea,  Charles  E.  Mainwaring,  Esq.,  Royal  Artillery,  to  Isabella,  fourth  daughter  of  Captain  T.  R.  Agnew  Tipner.  DEATHS.  On  the  21st  ult.,  at  St.  George's,  Bermuda,  of  the  prevalent  malig malignant  nant malignant  yellow  fever,  Lieutenant-Colonel  Thomas  Congreve  Robe,  com commanding  manding commanding  the  Royal  Artillery  in  those  Islands,  aged  54.  On  the  '2Bth  of  August  last,  at  Penang,  George  Dalrymple  Gordon,  Esq.,  M.D..  Assistant-surgeon,  9th  Madras  Native  Infantry.  On  the  24th  instant,  in  the  54th  year  of  his  age,  Sir.  George  Bridges,  for  more  than  25  years  the  deservedly  respected  master  of  Hampton  and  Hampton-wick  Grammar  School.  On  the  24th  instant,  at  her  house,  in  Woolwich,  Elizabeth  Dwyer  ,  the  beloved  wife  of  Commander  Michael  Dwyer,  Royal  Navy,  deeply  lamented  by  her  family  and  friends.  •  On  the  25th  instant,  Matthew  'Medway,  butler  to  the  Union  Club,  and  for  upwards  of  31  years  a  faithful  servant  of  that  establishment.  On  Tuesday,  the  25th  instant,  in  Chester-place,  Kennington,  Ann,  widow  of  the  late  James  William  Longman,  Esq.,  Paymaster  of  the  Ist  or  King's  German  Legion.  On  the  25th  instant,  in  the  eighth  year  of  his  age,  Charles  Edward,  the  son  (one  of  twins)  of  the  Rev.  William  Reed,  M.A.  Principal  of  the  Training  College,  Carmarthan."
