text
"TILE  ISTHMUS  OF  PAN-4211A.  The  Aspinwall  Courier  mentions  the  arrival  of  the  brig  o o_Naiad,  _Naiad, o_Naiad,  Captain  Morton,  in  eighteen  days  from  New  York,  and  notices  a  report  that  she  was  to  proceed  immediately  to  an  island  near.  Aspinwall  for  the  purpose  of  procuring  a  cargo  of  guano.  .  .  A  correspondent  of  the  Panama  Star,  writing  in  that  city,  thus  sketches  the  progress  of  the  railroad  :  The  company  have  now  at  work  over  se  renteen  hundred  labourers  ;  which  number  is  being  added  to  by  every  steam  arrival  at  Aspinwall.  •In  , STYLE=superscript  a  couple  of  months,  it  is  expected  that  one  or  two  ship  loads  of  labourers  will  be  landed  direct  from  Ireland,  who  will  be  pushed  over  to  join  an  equal  number,  or  more,  'of  coolies,  expected  to  be  landed  here  in  Panama  in  about  the  same  time  —this  whole  force  to  be  put  vigorously  on  the  work  hence  to  Obispo  river,  to  which  place  the  road,  with  the  exception  of  a  small  section  of  the  bridge  at  Barbacoas,  is  virtually  finished.  I  was  assured  both  by  Mr.  Bates,  the  architect,  and  by  Mr.  Baldwin,  the  well-known  engineer,  and  at  present  superintendent,  that  by  the  Ist  of  December—  certainly  not  later  than  the  15th  —they  fully  expect  to  have  the  bridge  so  far  completed  as  to  allow  the  cars  to  pass  over  daily.  From  the  Chagres  river  the  road  is  already  constructed,  and  with  the  exception  of  one  place  of  about  half  a  mile,  which  will  be  •  finished  this  week,  the  rails  are  already  laid  to  the  Obispo  river,  from  whence  to  Panama  is  a  distance  of  181  miles  by  measurement.  From  the  bridge  at  Barbacoas  to  that  at  the  Obispo,  the  road  follows  the  banks  of  the  Chagres  river,  and  can  be  seen  from  almost  any  point  of  .i.t.  From  the  Obispo,  the  road  leaves  the  river,  and  will  then  come  in  as  near  a  straight  line  as  possible  to  Panama.  By  the  first  of  January,  a  mule  road  will  be  constructed  from  the  Obispo—which  for  some  time  will  be  the  terminus  of  the  railroad  —to  intersect  the  Cruces  road,  about  two  and  a  half  or  three  miles  this  side  of  that  'village.  As  I  have  stated,  the  whole  distance  from  the  Obispo  to  this  city  is  181  miles,  and  it  will  thus  be  seen  that  by  the  time  named,  the  trip  across  the  isthmus  can  be  made  with  the  most  perfect  ease,  in  one  day  The  British  mail  steam-ship  Lima,  which  left  Panama  for  the  south,  on  the  7th  instant,  had  on  board  £200,000,  sent  out  from  England  for  the  use  of  the  Peruvian  government."
