text
"PRUSSIA  The  Hanoverian  journal  for  North  Germany  has  been  forbidden  circulation  within  the  Prussian  ter territory,  ritory, territory,  by  a  decree  of  the  Minister  for  Public  Works,  Post  Office,  &amp;c.  The  Berlin  correspondent  of  the  Morning  Chro Chronicle  nicle Chronicle  has  the  following  remarks  The  press  of  Germany  is  commencing  to  draw  attention  to  what  they  declare  to  be  a  rising  storm  upon  the  western  frontier  of  Belgium.  Reports  are  cir circulated  culated circulated  by  correspondents  from  Brussels,  of  mena menacing  cing menacing  notes  having  been  addressed  by  the  Govern Government  ment Government  of  France  to  that  of  the  latter  country.  These  reports  are  most  probably  either  greatly  exaggerated  or  unfounded,  but  not  a  doubt  re remains  mains remains  on  men's  minds  here  that  the  principle  admitted  on  the  Danube  will  in  due  time  find  its  reflection  on  the  Sambre,  and  that  pretexts,  of  which  many  exist  fully  as  valid  as  those  put  forward  by  Russia  for  occupying  the  prin principalities,  cipalities, principalities,  will  be  advanced  by  France  for  the  invasion  of  the  Belgian  frontier  districts.  It  will  be  said  that  the  well-known  note  of  M.  Drouyn  de  Lhuys,  and  its  echo,  addressed  by  Lord  Clarendon  to  Count  Nesselrode,  are  guaran guarantees•for  tees•for guarantees•for  the  non-admission  of  the  Danubian  prin principle.  ciple. principle.  But  what  guarantee  can  be  offered  by  a  simple  note  or  ministerial  protest—what  security  can  there  be  for  the  weak  against  the  strong— strongwhen  when strongwhen  the  more  solemn  treaties  are  insufficient  to  bind  contracting  parties,  and  when  States,  colla collaterally  terally collaterally  engaged,  lend  de  facto  sanction  to  violations  against  which  they  protest  pro  forma?  It  is  somewhat  paradoxical,  meantime,  to  see  in  the  foremost  ranks  of  alarmists  and  declaimers  against  French  encroachments  upon  Belgium  the  very  jour journals  nals journals  and  parties  which  have  been  .  most  prominent  in  justifying  Russian  encroachments  upon  Turkey.  But  then  the  Turks  are  barbarians,  pagans,  mur murderers,  derers, murderers,  oppressors,  and  the  Lord  knows  what—only  fit  to  be  treated  as  hors  la  loi—only  fit  to  be  dealt  with  experimentally,  in  order  to  see  how  far  prin principles  ciples principles  may  be  applied  to  them  to  which  no  other  State,  even  of  the  sixth  order,  could  be  subjected  without  raising  a  general  tempest.  Nay,  were  Prussia  to  take  possfssion,  as  she  is  entitled  to  do,  of  her  own  detached  principality  of  Neufchatel,  the  odds  are  that  the  two  western  Dromios  would  menacingly  interfere,  and  Austria  and  Russia  dis disapprove.  approve. disapprove.  It  is  strange,  at  all  events,  to  see  indubi indubitable  table indubitable  rights  allowed  to  merge  on  one  side,  whilst  incontestable  rights  are  infringed  on  the  other—and  all  under  the  same  banner  of  brotherly  fellowship.  Not  less  strange  is  it  to  see  French  and  British  ships  sent  up  to  prevent  expression  of  national  sentiments  against  the  peace  party  at  Stamboul,  whilst  Prussia  is  restrained  from  retaking  pos possession  session possession  of  a  territory  torn  from  her  by  mob  agency,  and  which  territory  continues  in  the  most  anoma anomalous  lous anomalous  of  all  possible  positions,  being  de  facto,  independent,  and  de  jare,  a  fief  of  Prussia."
