text
"THE  COURT  WINDSOR,  JAN.  23.  —The  Earl  and  Countess  of  Elle?.  mere  and  Lady  Blanche  Egerton,  the  Earl  of  Aberdeen,  and  Sir  George  and  Lady  Grey  arrived  yesterday  after afternoon  noon afternoon  on  a  visit  to  her  Majesty.  The  dinner  party  included  the  Duchess  of  Kent,  the  Princess  Royal,  the  Earl  of  Aberdeen,  the  Earl  and  Countess  of  Ellesmere.  and  Lady  Blanche  Egerton,  Lady  Fanny  Howard,  Baroness  de  Speth,  Sir  George  and  Lady  Grey,  Colonel  Francis  Seymour  (Scots  Fusilier  Guards),  and  Mr.  Gibbs.  The  Queen  drove  out  in  an  open  carriage  this  morning,  accompanied  by  the  Princesses  Helena  and  Louisa.  Prince  Albert  went  out  shooting.  Lieut.-Colonel  Challoner  had  the  honour  of  accompanying  the  Prince.  Lord  Panmure  was  sufficiently  recovered  from  his  recent  attack  of  gout  to  attend  the  Cabinet  Council  held  at  the  Foreign-office  on  Wednesday  last.  Their  Royal  Highnesses  the  Duchess  of  Cambridge  and  the  Princess  Mary  have  arrived  at  their  residence  at  St.  James's  Palace,  from  Cambridge  Cottage,  Kew.  The  Duke  of  Cambridge  visited  the  Duchess  and  Princess  shortly  after  his  return  from  Paris  on  Tuesday.  THE  CASE  OF  ARCHDEACON  DENISON.—In  the  Queen's  Bench,  yesterday  morning,  before  Lord  Campbell,  Mr.  Justice  Coleridge,  Mr.  Justice  Wightman,  and  Mr.  Justice  Erle,  the  rule  obtained  last  term  by  Sir  Fitzroy  Kelly  for  a  mandamus,  compelling  the  Archbishop  of  Canterbury  to  take  certain  proceedings  in  the  Arches'  Court  against  the  Rev.  Mr.  Denison,  Archdeacon  of  Taunton,  was  made  absolut  REPRESENTATION  OF  EDINBURGH.-At  a  meeting  of  the  general  committee  of  the  liberal  electors  of  Edin Edinburgh,  burgh, Edinburgh,  held  on  Tuesday,  and  presided  over  by  the  Lord  Provost,  it  was  unanimously  resolved,  on  the  motion  of  Sir  W.  Gibson  Craig,  seconded  by  Mr.  Adam  Morrison,  that  a  requisition  be  presented  to  Mr.  Adam  Black,  the  eminent  bookseller,  inviting  him  to  become  a  candidate  for  the  seat  in  parliament  vacant  by  the  retirement  of  the  Rt.  Hon.  T.  B.  Macaulay.  THE  RUGELEY  TRAGEDIES.-Evidence  is:now  being  collected  by  the  police  authorities  at  Stafford,  with  reference  to  the  circumstances  under  which  one  Mr.  Leonard  Bladen  died  at  the  house  of  William  Palmer  in  May,  1850  ;  and  it  is  understood  that  the  Government,  in  the  event  of  discovering  sufficient  grounds,  will  institute  an  inquiry  into  the  matter,  and  conduct  it  in  a  manner  to  elicit  the  whole  truth,  whichever  way  it  may  lie.  We  are  also  in  a  position  to  state,  that  it  is  in  contemplation  to  institute  an  inquiry  into  the  conduct  of  the  coroner.—  The  relations  of  Palmer,  and  the  friends  interested  in  his  defence,:complain  strongly  of  the  prejudgment  of  his  case  by  the  press,  and  consequently  by  the  public.  They  repre represent:that  sent:that represent:that  as  all  t  h  e  circumstances  allege  d  amoun  t  t  o  nothing  without  the  medical  evidence  which  unites  and  directs  them  with  f  a  t  a  l  perspicuity  to  a  point,  the  case  will,  in  fact,  turn  on  a  question  of  science,  on  which  they  are  prepared  to  prove  a  difference  of  opinion  in  high  authorities.  That  the  finding  of  antimony  in  the  body  of  Mrs.  Palmer  may  not  be  considered  the  finding  of  poi poison.  son. poison.  That  however  correct  Professor  Taylor's  analysis,  his  reasoning  from  its  results  may  b  e  ill  og  i  cal,  and  his  deductions,  perhaps,  scientifically  incorrect  in  the  judg judgment  ment judgment  of  higher  adepts  in  chemistry.  They  allege,  them themselves,  selves, themselves,  to  be  doubtful  of  getting  a  fair  and  impartial  hearing,  so  great  is  the  accumulation  of  prejudice.  It  is  intended,  therefore,  to  remove  the  case,  if  possible,  to  the  civil  side  by  certiorari,  with  a  view  of  obtaining  a  trial  by  special  jury,  as  well  as  to  change  the  venue.  But  a  special  jury  does  not  follow  as  a  natter  of  right,  even  though  the  case  be  removed.  The  statute  (6  Geo.  IV.,  c.  50,  s.  30),  relating  to  special  juries  does  not  give  a  special  jury  in  criminal  cases,  so  that  a  ques  tion  whether  common  law  jurisdiction  of  the  Queen's  Bench  is  sufficient  for  that  c  curt  to  grant  one.  It  is  quite  pos possible  sible possible  that  the  court  will  exercise  this  power,  if  the  crown  consent,  as  it  possibly  may  in  a  case  of  so  peculiar  a  description.  Should  Palme..'s  legal  advisers  fail  in  this  course,  the  certiorari  will  be  applied  for,  and  an  attempt  will  also  be  made  to  obtain  a  trial  at  bar,  where  a  fspecal  jury  could  be  granted,  In  Viner's  Trial  N.,  mention  is  made  of  a  prosecution  for  a  highway  robbery,  at  the  instance  of  the  hundred,  where  the  ground  for  the  trial  at  bar  was  that  it  was  feared  he  should  be  too  violently  prosecuted,  and  the  hundred  might  discharge  themselves  by  his  conviction.  In  Pal Palmer's  mer's Palmer's  case  the  defendant  has  the  same  fear  from  a  diffe different  rent different  cause.  COUNTY  COURT.  -..This  court  sat  yesterday,  but  had  no  business  of  importance,  and  rose  at  an  early  hour.  ST.  ANNE'S  DISPENSARY  AND  EAR  INsimprioN.—The  annual  meeting  of  the  subscribers  to  this  charity  was  held  at  the  Board-room,  Rose-hill,  yesterday.  The  Mayor  presided  on  the  occasion.  The  annual  report  was  read  and  adopted,  and  the  treasurer's  accounts  were  passed.  LECTURES  TO  THE  WOIUKING  MEN.  The  second  of  the  course  of  evening  lectures  to  the  working  men,  at  the  Concert-hall,  was  delivered  in  the  class-room  of  that  building  last  night  by  the  Rev.  Professor  Griffiths.  The  subject  was  which  the  lecturer  treated  in  the  most  compr  mannerehensive,  and  at  the  same  time,  intelligible  and  ST.  GEORGE'S  HALL.  MOZART'S  CENTENARY.  To Tomorrow  morrow Tomorrow  (Saturday)  being  the  centenary  of  Mozart,  Mr.  T.  W.  Best  will  give  a  grand  performance  on  the  orga  n  ,  i  n  celebration  of  the  event,  the  whole  of  the  programme  being  selected  from  the  works  of  that  immortal  musical  genius.  Mr.  Best  is  admirably  qualified  to  do  justice  to  Mozart's  divine  inspirations,  and  we  feel  assured  that  the  public  will  have  a  rare  musical  treat.  The  programme  will  be  as  follows  :—Overture,  Die  Zauberflote  ;  Quartett,  Recordare  '  (Requiem);  Chorus,  Gloria  in  excelsis  (12th  Mass)  ;  Reminiscences  of  th  e  Op  era  Don  Gio 'Giovanni.'  including  the  duet  La  ci  Da  r  ß  e  a  nz;  ,  ;and  tlle  T  th  erze  e  tt  g  e  r  ,  a  A  n  h  d  ,  chi  mi  dice  maz  th  e  Ai  r,  Baui,  tei  seatett,  M  lle  torbidi  pouieri."
