text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  Bordeaux,  the  promoter  of  the  enterprise  of  a  line  of  vessels  between  that  place  and  Paris,  of  which  the  Sole,  now  in  the  Seine,  is  the  avant  courier.  The  French  government  has  taken  a  step  which  will  excite  surprise.  It  .has  offered  a  command,  either  at  Rome  or  in  the  East,  to  General  •de  Lamoriciere:  The  general,  in  replying  to  this  flattering  inVitatiou,  declared  that  in  case  of  war  lie  should  place  his  services  at  the  disposal  of  France,  either  as  a  simple  soldier  or  as  commander  of  any  body  .of.troops•  that  might  be  entrusted  him.  This  story,  however  improbable;  rests  on  the  authority  of  Prince  Napoleon,  son  of  the  ex-  King  of  Westphalia.  IRELAND.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  .  DUBLIN,  MONDAY  EVENING.  TEE  RECENT  FATAL  RAILWAY  ACCIDENT.—The  ad adjourned.  journed. adjourned.  inquest  is  to  go  on  to-day,  at  Straffan.  Meanwhile  the  sufferers  at  Madame  Stevens's  Hospital  are  progressing  favourably.  Miss  Farrell,  who  had  her  leg  broken,  and  was  otherwise  seriously  injured,  has  been  removed  by  her  friends,  and  Miss  Pack,  has  been  pronounced  out  of  danger:  On  the  other  hand,  to  the  names  of  those  severely  wounded  have  been  added  those  of  Mr.  Lowry,  and  his  two  sisters,  from  Cumberland,  and  Mr.  Bence  Jones,  of  Clonakilty.  'The  Freeman's  Journal  gives  the  following  further  news  :  We  have  learned  some  additional  particulars,  relative  to  the  pro providential  vidential providential  escape  of  Mrs.  Latham  Blacker  and  her  two  daughters,  which  is,  perhaps,  the  most  extraordinary  inci incident  dent incident  connected  with  this  sad  disaster.  This  lady  and  her  children,  occupied  the  coupe  of  the  last  carriage,  which  re received  ceived received  the  first  shock  of  the  collision,  and  were  therefore  placed  in  a  position  of  danger  from  which  escape  seemed  to  be  utterly  hopeless.  Indeed,  when  one  examined  the  coupe  in  which  they  were  sitting,  and  saw  how  completely  it  was  demolished—the  whole  of  the  seats  being  carried  right  into  the  middle  of  the  next  compartment—it  was  difficult  to  con conceive  ceive conceive  how  their  lives  could  be  preserved.  The  explanation  given  by  one  of  the  railway  officials  renders  the  manner  of  their  escape  intelligible,  but  increases  our  wonder  and  admi admiration  ration admiration  at  the  extraordinary  mode  by  which  they  were  saved  from  instant  destruction.  The  explanation  is  shortly  this  :  When  the  buffers  of  the  goods'  engine  dashed  against  those  behind  the  coupe,  the  violence  of  the  shock  was  .so  great  that  the  carriage  sprung  up  (to  use  the  words  of  one  of  the  wit witnesses)  nesses) witnesses)  'as  high  as  the  wires  of  the  magnetic  telegraph,'  and  falling  on  the  engine,  knocked  off  its  funnel,  and  then  rested  on  the  smoke  box  ,  in  such  a  manner  that  the  Misses  Blacker,  who  were  seated  next  the  doors  at  either  side,  were  thrown  out  upon  the  top  of  the  '  smoke  box,'  where  they  were  subsequently.found  lying  in  a  state  of  insensibility,  but  uninjured.  Mrs.  Blacker  being  seated  nearer  to  the  centre  of  the  coupe  was  more  exposed  to  the  force  of  the  concussion,  and  consequently  received  a  compound  frabture  of  the  leg.  On  enquiry  at  the  Straffan  station  on  Saturday,  where  she  still  lies,  we  were  informed  that  she  passed  a  good  night,  but  has  not  yet  been  pronounced  out  of  danger.  She  has  been  attended  by  Surgeon  Adams.  We  have  already  mentioned  the  wonderful  escape  of  Mrs.  Barrington,  who  was  found  crushed  into  a  corner,  and  covered  over  with  frag fragments  ments fragments  of  the  broken  carriage  when  her  husband  came  to  search.  for  her.  It  is  stated  that  on  hearing  the  frantic  shouts  of  the  passengers  who  were  on  the  embankment  that  the  goeds  train  was  running  into  them,  Mrs.  Barrington  fell  upon  her  knees  for  prayer,  and  this  attitude  alone  saved  her  life—the  next  moment  the  side  of  the  compartment  was  driven  in  with  the  utmost  violence,  and  the  seat  opposite  to  that  which  she  had  occupied  was  forced  upwards  in  such  a  manner  as  to  form  a  covering  and  protection  for  her  head.  Had  she  remained  sitting  this  would  certainly  have  struck  her  on,  the  head  or  chest  just  in  the  same  manner  in  which  several  of  the  unfortunate  passengers  were  killed.  It  is  a  curious  circumstance  that  the  bracelets,  reticule,  and  other  small  articles  which  were  on  Mrs.  Barrington's  person  when  the  accident  occurred  were  found  lying  amongst  the  dead  ACCIDENT  ON  THE  MIDLAND  GREAT  WESTERN  RAIL RAILWAY.  WAY. RAILWAY.  —An  accident  of  a  serious  nature,  though  most  providentially  unattended  with  any  fatal  results  to  human  life,  occurred  this  morning,  about  a  quarter  of  a  mile  below  the  Ballinasloe  station.  About  seven  o'clock,  a  goods  train  from  Dublin  to  Galway  arrived  at  the  station:  A  great  number  of  oxen  that  had  been  purchased  at  the  fair,  when  waiting  in  a  field  adjoining  the  line  to  be  sent  on  to  Dublin.  The  noise  of  the  train  frightened  these  animals  and  several  hundreds  of  them  rushed  in  a  most  furious  manner  towards  the  line  where  a  great  gate,  called  the  Railway  Gap,  is  situated.  Against  this  gate  they  came  with  tremendous  force,  and  with  the  shock  it  burst  open,  breaking  the  massive  bars  into  splinters.  Four  of  the  in infuriated  furiated infuriated  animals  got  on  the  line  just  as  the  train  was  passing,  and,  getting  entangled  in  the  wheels,  were  crushed  to  death  immediately,  their  carcasses  being  very  much  mangled.  Some  of  the  waggons  of  the  train  were  upset  and  thrown  off  the  line.  The  railway  policeman,  stationed  at  the  gate  had  a  very  narrow  escape,  having  barely.  time  to  jump  over  a  wall  before  the  maddened  animals  had  rushed  up.  Had  he  not  been  very  smart  he  would  either  have  been  erushed  and  tianipled  en  by  the  beak*,  ur  driven  by  them  under  the  wheels  of  the  train.  No  blame  appears  to  be  at attributable  tributable attributable  to  any  of  the  railway  officials,  as  the  gate  was  shut,  and  the  ,  man  at  his  post.  MORE  RAILWAY  ACCIDENTS.—A  poor  woman  walking  on  the  line  was  knocked  down  and  killed  by  an  engine  on  the  Killarney  Junction  Railway  the  other  day.  At  the  Ballinasloe  station,  on  Saturday,  Mr.  Michael  Morris,  of  Galway,  narrowly  escaped  death  in  a  similar  manner,  he  fell  across  the  rails  when  the  train  was  coming  up,  and  had  he  not  been  pulled  up  immediately  he  would  have  been  cer certainly  tainly certainly  killed  ;  as  it  was,  he  was  severely  cut  about  the  face.  ECCLESIASTICAL  INVESTIGATION.—the  investigation  into  the  conduct  of  the  Rev.  Henry  Somerville,  vicar  of  Darer Dareraile,  aile, Dareraile,  who  was  accused  of  having  denounced  from  the  pulpit  some  of  his  parishoners  by  name,  was  continued  on  Thurs Thursday  day Thursday  last.  The  Commissioners  appointed  by  the.  Archbishop  of  Dublin,  were,  Archdeacon  Rider,  and  the  Rev  M.  Ald Aldworth  worth Aldworth  and  Gabbett.  These  gentlemen,  it  appears,  are  very  angry  that  their  former  proceedings  should  have  been  made  public,  on  account  of  the  scandal  they  may  .  bring  on  the  cloth,  but.nevertheless,  that  has  not  prevented  their  ulterior  doings  .from  creeping  into  print.  The  charges  against  the  accuse&amp;  were  for  having  been  guilty  of  contumacy.  and  disobedience  in  refusing  to  give  to  the  Itei  , STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Maginn,  the  rural-dean,  the  customary  account  of  his  ministry,  and  having  behaved  himself  otherwise  contumaciously  and  disobediently.  I  The  Rev.  Mr.  Maginn  ns  called  on,  and  after  expressing  a  desire  not  to  be  examined,  his  evidence  was  taken.  It  referred  to  the  Rev.  Mr.  Somerville's  manner  of  performing  service,.  his  refusing  to  give  information  to  witness,  n  ecessar  y  for  a  visitation.  Other  witnesses  were  also  examined  as  to  personalities  and  peculiarities  in  the  Rev.  Mr.  Somerville's  manner  of  which  they  complained.  When  the  evidence  was  concluded,  the  Rev.  Mr.  Somerville  requested  to  be  allowed  to  comment  on  it,  but  after  some  consideration,  the  commissioners  refused  to'  receive  any  statement  from  him,  unless  made  on  oath.  At  this  the  reverend  gentleman  declared  himself  much  aggrieved,  and  would  offer  no  evidence  in  his  own  .behalf,  the  commissioners  will  therefore  now  make  their  report  for  the  judgment  of  the  Archbishop:of  Dublin.  ATTE;IPTED  SUICIDE.--The  season  appears'  to  be  more  provocative  of  suicide  than  for  many  years,  in  Dublin.  On  Saturday,  a  coach-maker  named  Fegan,  made  an  attempt  on  his  life  by  hanging,  and  nearly  succeeded  in  the  effort.  Ile  was,  however,  rescued  and  brought  to  Mercer's  •  hospital,  where  he  was  resuscitated.  Ile  will  be  brought  before  the  magistrates  to-day.  -  LISBURN  ELEjrroN.—lt  is  doubtful,  at  the  eleventh  hour,  whether  there  will  be  a  contest  or  not;  and  although  the  tory  organs  boast  to  have  a  majority  of  their  friends  on  the  registry,  they  still,  strangely  enough,  recommend  their  can candidate  didate candidate  not  to  stand.  COLLISION  IN  THE  RIVER  LEE.—The  Cork  Reporter  ,of  Saturday  gives  the  particulars  of  a  collision  which  took  place  in  the  river  Lee,  by  which  a  lighter,  containing  forty  tons  of  wheat,  was  sunk,  it  having  been  run  into  by  the  Victoria  steamer  off  Monkston  pier.  It  would  seem  that  her  Majesty's  name  is  not  a  very  lucky  one  for  ships.  This  is  the  third  vessel,  it  is  curious  to  remark,  bearing  the  name  of  Victoria,  or  Victory,  about  which  some  calamity  is  reported  .within  the  last  month.  It  will  be  remembered,  too,  that  Victoria  was  the  name  of  the  ill-fated  steamer  which  went  down  with  sixty  people  at  Howth  at  the  beginning  of  the  year:  DUBLIN  AND  KINGSTOWN  RAILWAY.—The  proprietors  of  'this  well-paying  little  line  held  their  half-yearly  meeting  on  Saturday.  The  six  months'  return  showed  a  profit  of  over  £19,000,  out  of  which  a  dividend  of  six  per  cent.  on  the  half-year  was  declared  on  the  paid  up  capital,  £275,000,  amounting  to  . STYLE=superscript  £16,500.  It  is  understood,  although  no  allusion  was  made  to  the  fact  at  the  meeting,  this  line  will  soon  become  the  property  of  Mr.  Dargan,  to  whom  also  belongs  the  nearl  completed  Bray  railway.  The  bargain  hats  been  effected  to  prevent  the  injury  . STYLE=superscript  of  both  those  lines,  by  a  greater  competition  than  the  shareholders  might  like.  DUBLIN  STEAM-PACKET  COMPANY.  In  the  city  article  of  to-day's  Freeman,  we  find  the  following  letter  ad addressed  dressed addressed  to  the  shareholders  of  the  City  of  Dublin  Steam  Company  has  been  published  by  Mr.  Timothy  Tyrrell,  of  the  firm  of  Tyrrell,  Payne,  and  'Lupton,  the  well-known  London  solicitors.  It  is  written  in  a  most  hostile  spirit,  and  apparently  in  the  interest  of  the  Chester  and  Holyhead  Rail Railway  way Railway  Company.  He  undertakes  to  show  that  a  large  portion  of  the  capital  is  already  lost,  and  that  the  dividends  are  paid  out  of  capital  ;  but  the  figures,  the  only  proof  of  the  fact,  are  not  given.  It  is  stated  that  they  have  been  forwarded  to  the  directors,  but,  if  the  latter  was  well  meant,  they  ought  have  been  given  to  the  shareholders.  We  do  not  think  it  our  place  to  give  an  analysis  of  Mr.  Tyrrell's  letter,  which  concludes  with  a  promise  to  enforce  the  publication  of  the  shareholders'  names,  and  restrain  the  payment  of  divi dividends  dends dividends  out  of  capital  by  proceedings  in  Chancery..  We  have,  on  a  former  occasion,  expressed  an  opinion  that.the  position  of  this  great  company  could  not  suffer  from  a  more  complete  publication  of  the  state  of  their  affairs,  and  still  .  consider  it  a  matter  of  regret  that  an  opening  should  be  left  for  some  of  the  remarks  now  levelled  against  the  management  by  the  writer  in  question,  in  consequence  of  the  mystery  in  which  the  state  and  progress  of  the  company  has  been  always  in 'involved.'  Miss  Burdett  Coutts  has  offered  to  contribute  £lOO  towards  a  model  lodging-house  for  families•  in  Dublin,  and  a  yearly  donation  of  £5  to  help  to  form  an  industrial  education  school  to  be  attached  to  it,—Dispatch,  MANCHESTER  CITY  COUNCIL-YESTERDAY.  ADDRESS  TO  THE  CHANCELLOR  OP  THE  EXCHEQUER.  Yesterday,  at  noon,  a  special  meeting  of  the  City  Council  of  Manchester,  was  held  in  .the  Council  Chamber,  for  the  purpose  of  considering  the  propriety  of  presenting  an  AD ADDRESS  DRESS ADDRESS  to  the  Right  HonoUrable  W.  E.  GIADSTONE,  M.P.,  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  on  the  occasion  of  his  visit  to  this  There  was  a  numerous  attendance  of  the  mem members  bers members  of  the  Council.  His  worship  the  Mayor,  (ROBERT  BARNES,  Esq.,)  occupied  the  chair.  The  MAYOR,  in  opening  the  proceedings,  said  he  took  it  for  granted  that  all  the  members  of  the  Council  were  fully  acquainted  with  the  object  in  view  by  their  meeting  together  that  morning,  as  it  was  stated  in  the  circular  that  had  been  sent  to  each  member  of  the  Council.  He  had  no  doubt  in  his'own  mind,  that  there  was  but  one  opinion  amongst  them  as  to  the  propriety  of  the  course  intended  to  be  pursued,  as  it  would  be  impossible  to  . STYLE=superscript  imagine  that  there  could  be  a  di diversity,  versity, diversity,  of  opinion  with  respect  to  paying  proper  and  becom becoming  ing becoming  honours  to  the  Right  Hon.  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exche Exchequer,  quer, Exchequer,  on  the  occasion  of  his  visit  to  this  city.  (Hear,  hear.)  Those  who  were  best  acquainted  with  ,  the  character  of  that  gentleman,  were  the  best  able  to  appreciate  it,  but  he  had  no  doubt,  that  all  who  had  seen  his  self-devotion  and  perse persevering  vering persevering  efforts  to  promote  the  public  good,  and  to  give  gene general  ral general  blessings  to  this  country,  would,  with  one  heart  and  mind,  agree  that  the  Right  Hon.  gentleman  was  entitled  to  the  compliment  proposed  to  be  paid  to  him.  (Cries  of  hear  _  _  _  Mr.  Alderman  NEILD  then  rose  and  said  :  Having  only  recently  returned  home  after  an  absence  of  considerable  dura duration,he  tion,he duration,he  gladly  acknowledged  that  he  received  the  circular  convening  the  meeting  of  that  day,  stating  the  object  of  it,  with  very  considerable  pleasure.  And  it  occurred  to  him,  on  thinking  of  the  object  during  his  absence,  that  if  the  Council  of  the  city  of  Manchester  omitted  to  discharge  the  duty  they  were  then  met  to  carry  out,  it  would  have  been  an  omission  which,  in  his  opinion,  most  of  them  would  very  much  have  regretted.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  circumstance  of  paying  respect  to  such  a  distinguished  member  of  the  Government  would  not  of  itself  have  warranted  the  Corpora Corporation  tion Corporation  in  taking  the  important  step  which  he  trusted  they  were  about  to  take.  The  members  of  the  Council  would  not  take  such  a  step  merely  for  the  purpose  of  flattering  any  man—because  he  held  a  high  and  important  official  station  —(hear,  hear.)—but  the  commanding  talents—the  high  in integrity  tegrity integrity  of  the  Right  Hon.  Gentleman  whom  they  proposed  to  honour—the  prominent  place  which  he  held  in  the  Govern Government  ment Government  of  which  he  was  so  distinguished  a  member,  and  his  high  character—entitled  him  to  their  respect.  (Hear,  hear.)  And  they  would  forget  the  honour  that  was  due  not  only  to  great  talents,  but*to  great  perseverance,  if  they  omitted  in  a  suitable  manner  to  express  their  approbation  of  his  conduct.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  Government  of  which  that  gentleman  was  so  distinguished  a  member,  presented  circumstances  perhaps—not  perhaps,  but  *certainly—unknown  before  in  the  history  of  our  country.  (Hear,  hear.)  Floated  into  power  as  they  were,  if  he  mistook  not,  by  the  small  majority  of  nineteen,  and  having  to  grapple  with  difficulties  in  a  financial  point  of  view,  which  many  men  pronounced  it  to  be  impossible  for  them  successfully  to  deal  with,  the  members  of  the  Government  sitting  in  the  same  House  of  Commons  carried  those  important  measures  which  it  was  pronounced  an  impossibility  for  them  to  carry.  And,  most  extra extraordinary  ordinary extraordinary  to  say,  if  he  mistook  not,  they  counted  their  majo majorities,  rities, majorities,  not  by  tens  or  nineteen,  but  by  hundreds.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  Right  lion.  Gentleman,  in  whose  honour  they  had  met  that  day,  told  his  friends  in  Scotland,  a  short  time  ago,  that  the  time  when  this  country  was  to  be  governed  by  party  .  was  no  more—(Hear,  hear.)—and  that  it  was  great  principles,  and  not  party  by  which  we  were  in  future  to  be  governed.'  (Hear,  hear.)  And  he  (Mr.  Alderman  Neild)  said,  it  was  a  happy  circumstance  for  them  to  live  in  times  like  these.  (Hear.)  Whatever  the  principles  and  opinions  of  that  Right  Hen.  Gentleman,  the  facts  to  which  he  (Mr.  Neild)  had  called  the  attention  of  the  Council,  sufficiently  de demonstrated  monstrated demonstrated  that  the  views  of  the  Right.  Hon.  Gentleman  were  perfectly  true,  and  that  it  was  great  principles  and  great  principles  alone  that  had  actuated  the  men  now  at  the  helm  of  affairs.  But  great  principles,  however  excellent  in  themselves,  without  the  commanding  talents  of  the  Right  Hon.  Gentleman  now  at  the  helm  oeaffairs,  would  not  be  sufficient  to  effect  that  which  he  had  been  able  to  accom accomplish.  plish. accomplish.  When  the  property  .  tax,  was  pronounced  an  impos impossibility,  sibility, impossibility,  when  the  succession  tax,  a  tax  in  reference  to  y  failed—when  the  d—w  greatest  henstatesmen  these  ineasures  were  oereir  carried  d  nt  t  r  h  y  e  H  h  a  o  d  u  s  e  e  o  m  o  f  p  C  I  e  o  te  m  l  mons  by  the  extraordinary  talents  of  the  Right  Hon.  Gen Gentleman,  tleman, Gentleman,  who  when  he  rose  was  told  that  he  was  about  to  attempt  an  impossibility,'but  at  whose  sitting  down  the  mea measures  sures measures  were  in  point  of  fact  carried—was  not  evidence,  ample  and  complete,  afforded  of  the  statesman-like  capa capacities  cities capacities  of  the,  Right  Hon.  Gentleman—(Hear,  hear)—and  were  they  not  bound  to,  pay  respect  to  talent  and  integrity  such  as  he  had  displayed?  (Hear,  hear).  He  thought  they  would  ill  deserve  the  situation  which  they  pro professed  fessed professed  to  hold  as  the  representatives  of  this  great  commercial  district,  if  they  did  not  in  a  fitting  manner  express  to  the  Right  Hon.  Gentleman  that  opinion  of  him  which  they  felt  and  entertained.  (Hear).  The  talents  of  that  gentleman,  and  the  talents  of  thoss  with  whom  he  had  been  associated,  were  known  to  all.  They  had  all  of  them  watched  with  too  anxious  an  interest  their  course  of  conduct,  not  to  be  fully  aware  of  the  merits  they  had  displayed,  and  the  obligations  the  country  was  under  to  them.  (ll,ear,  hear).  And  as  to  the  difficult  point  with  which  they  had  now  to  deal,  that  of  peace  or  war,  he  for  one  felt  perfectly  convinced,  that  if  an  honourable  peace  could  be  preserved,  that  peace  would  be  secured.  (Hear,  hear).  But  he  thought  they  would  all  be  agreed,  that  when  peace  ceased  to  be  honourable,it  ceased  to  be  peace.  (Hear,  hear).  These  were  difficulties  in  respect  of  which,  he  for  one  reposed  his  confidence  most  unshakingly  in  the  Government,  and  he  could  not  but  rejoice,  indeed,  that  they  had  at  the  helm  of  affairs,  men  in  whose  judgment,  in  whose  integrity,  and  in  whose  ability  they  could  so  fully  depend.  (Hear,  hear).  The  circumstance,  too,  that  was  about  to  take  place,  in  associating  the  name  of  the  Right  Hon.  Gentleman  with  a  name  held  dear  to  every  English Englishman,  man, Englishman,  as  the  associate  and  the  intimate  friend  of  Sir  Robert  Peel—the  manner  in  which,  in  the  important  situation  he  filled,  the  Right  Hon.  Gentleman  carried  out  all  the  prin-  Ciples  which  Sir  Robert  Peel  commenced—that  was  another  circumstance  which  entitled  him  to  their  distinguishod  ap approbation.  probation. approbation.  (Hear,  hear).  And,  further,  when  they  looked  at  - STYLE=superscript  the  undoubted  talent  of  the  Right  Hon.  Gentleman,  when  they  looked  at  his  uncompromising  independence,  he  said  there  was  much  that  must  endear  him  to  them.  There  was  another  circumstanc  °which  must  endear  him  to  them—,  a  circumstance  which  could  not  but  endear  him  to  them  as  a  man.  When  travelling  in  Italy  in  search  of  renewed  health,  and  meeting,  as  he  did,  with  enormities  in  the  way  of  government,  in  the  shape  of  oppression  of  every  descrip description—when  tion—when description—when  he  then  ceased  to  regard  that  official  reserve  common  to  men  of  high  position,  when  he  came  forth  and  denounced  in  the  most  unmistakeable  manner  that  could  possibly  be  conceived,  by  his  pen,  the  atrocities  which  he  witnessed—he  (Mr.  Neild)  said  that  gave  him  the  stamp  of  a  m  an,  and  to  the  high  approbation,  and  high  character,  which,  he  was  sure,  and  which  he  felt  every  one  around  him,  in  common  with  himself,  would  be  sure,  he  richly  deserved  at  their  hands.  (Loud  •eries  of  hear,hear.)  It  had  been  his  (Mr.  Ncild's)  lot  on  several  occasions  to  be  brought  in  contact,  in  an  official  capaeitY,  with  the  Right  Hon.  Gentle Gentleman,  man, Gentleman,  and  the  contrast  between  him  and  other  gentlemen  in  office,  with  whom  he  had  been  brought  into  contact,  as  to  official  reserve,  was  of  the  most  delightful  and  pleasing  character.  The  Right  Hon.  Gentleman  seemed  to  depend  upon  himself  and  his  subject,  -and  upon  that  alone  ;  to  him  the  dignity  and  reserve  of  office  appeared  to  be  a  matter  of  no  consequence.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  felt  himself  fully  con confident  fident confident  that  he  could  deal  with.  every  subject,  and  he  had  con confidence  fidence confidence  in  grappling  with  any  statements  that  might  be  made  to  him.  These  were  matters  that  were  extremely  gratifying  to  him  (Mr.  Neild)  and  the  opinions  which  he  had  ventured  to  express  lie  had  heard  borroborated  by  others.  (Hear.)  Ho  thought  these  were  sufficient  claims  upon  them  to  induce  them  to  confer  upon  the  Right  lion.  Gentleman  the  honour  proposed,  and  he  thought  that  if  they  failed  to  meet  him  in  the  way  the  circular  convening  the  meeting  that  day  announced,  they  would  fail  in  a  capital  duty  to  themselves.  (Hear.)  If  they  felt  and  appreciated  great  principles,  and  esired  to  cultivate  them,  and  if  they  .  wished  to  give  their  meed  of  applause  to  great  talents.  and  integrity  with  which  those  great  principles  were  combined,  they  would  com completely  pletely completely  forget  their  cluties:if  they.did  not  do  that  which,  as  a  Council,  he  hoped  they  would  do.  (Hear,  hear,  hear.)  He  begged  to  move  that  an  address  be  presented  to  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  on  the  occasion  of  his  visit  to  this  city.  Mr.  Councillor  ABEL  HEYwoou  said  he  felt  very  great  pleasure  in  being  permitted  to  second  the  resolution  as  pro proposed  posed proposed  oy  Mr.  Alderman  'staid  ;  and  in  doing  so,  although  he  cold  not  follow  exactly  the  same  train  of  thought  as  ex expressed  pressed expressed  by  the  mover  of  the  resolution,  yet  he  felt  he  must  say  that  in  paying  the  compliment  to  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  which  was  then  proposed  to  be  done,  that  that  compliment  was  intended  to  be  given  to  him  principally  for  the  commercial  views  which  he  entertained,  and  the  position  which  he  occupied  as  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer  in  the  present  ministry.  (Hear,  hear).  .  It  could  not  be  supposed  that  the  Council,  composed  as  the  Council  was,  couldbe  called  upon  to  express  unanimously  their  views  in  relation  to  that  gentleman's  opinions  upon  other  matters—political  matters.  He  said  it  could  not  be  expected  that  the  Council  should  ex express  press express  its  opinion  with  regard  to  the  political  views  which  that  gentleman,  either  at  present  or  previously,  had  enter entertained  tained entertained  ;  but  it  could  express  an  opinion,  and  that  opinion  a  strong  one,  in  favour  of  the  course  which  that  gentleman  had  taken  as  Chancellor  of  the.  Exchequer,  whilst  he  had  been  a  member  of  the  present  ministry.  (Hear.  hear).  Not  only,  he  (Mr.  Heywood)  thought  was  one  class  of  the  population  to  be  thankful  to  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  and  that  class  the  higher  class,  but  there  was  another  class  which  that  gentleman  had  taken  into  his  consideration  in  the  Budget  which  he  presented  to  the  House  of  Commons.  (He  ar  ,  hear).  For  years  a  subject  of  some  importance  was  repeat repeatedly.  edly. repeatedly.  brought  before  the  attention  of  the  government—of  previous  governments—and  it  remained  for  the  present  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer  to  solve  the  difficulty,  and  to  remove  the  obstacle  altogether.  That  he  had  done  most  suecesafull,y  that  to  which  he  (11rs  eywood)  referred  was  the  abolition  of  the  soap  duty.  The  Chancellor  of  the  Exehequer  also  accomplished  a  boon,  which  one  of  the  mem members  bers members  for  Manchester  had  made  it  his  particular  duty,  a  part  of  his  particular  duty,  to  bring  regularly  before  the  House  of  Commons  for  several  years.  (Hear,  hear,  hear.)  The  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  seeing  the  feeling  on  the  part  of  the  ministry,  seeing  also  the  force  there  was  in  the  argu arguments  ments arguments  addressed,  and  the  feeling  there  was  throughout  the  country  on  the  subject,  though  he  could  with  difficulty,  as  Chancellor,  spare  the  amount  of  money  that  was  involved  in  it,  yet  he  had,  with  extraordinary  ability,  and  temper  also,  so  conducted  the  business  connected  with  the  Budget  as  to  take  off  the  advertisement  duty.  (Hear,  hear.)  That  course,  the  abolition  of  duties  which  press  upon  production,  he  (Mr.  Heywood),  presumed  was  a  great  principle,  which  commer commercial  cial commercial  men  in  that  district  held  to  be  advantageous  to  the  general  good.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  abolition  of  protective  duties—the  abolition  of  duties  which  prevent  capital  from  getting  its  fair  share  of  play—and  the  apparent  object  of  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer  seemed  to  be  to  follow  the  course  recommended  by  Sir  Robert  Peel,  in  abolishing,  as  nearly  as  possible,  all  duties  that  interfere  with  labour  in  its  production.  (Hear,  hear.)  And  the  Chancellor  must,  as  circumstances  enable  him,  remit  the  paper  duty,  a  duty  which  interfers  hostilely  with  labour  and  capital  throughout  the  country  :  and  that,  he  had  no  doubt,  would  be  one  of  the  imposts  which  the  Right  Hon.  Gentleman  would  contem contemplate  plate contemplate  removing  ,when  ever  the  financial  position  of  the  coun country  try country  might  enable  him  to  do  so.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  said  it  was  not  for  them,  as  a  Council,  to  refer  particular  or  imme immed.  d. immed.  '  he  an  b.n.a--4-  •  -aately  to  the  antecedents  connected  with  the  character  of  the  Right  Hon.  Gentleman  (Hear,  hear.)  It  was  a  matter  of  great  pleasure  to  them  to  find,  that  at  the  time  when  Sir  Robert  Peel  left  the  party  with  which  he  had  been  connected  for  so  many  years,  and  adopted  the  free-4  policy—that  one  of  the  gentlemen  who  followed  him,  one  of  the  gentlemen  who  supported  him,  the  principal  mar  fact  of  the  party,  and  who  gave  him  extraordina  , STYLE=superscript  -  . STYLE=superscript  -  was  the  Right  Hon.  Gent.,the  Chancell-  - STYLE=superscript  '  Ravin,*  ,  near,  near).  ..cie  tile  party  with  whom  he  had  been  conneetea  for  so  many  years,  he  had  adopted  that  commercial  policy  which  the  enlightened  men  of  the  age  had  considered  to  be  absolutely  necessary  for  the  welfare  and  the  glory  .  of  this  Country  (hear,hear).  As  car carrying  rying carrying  out,  then,  the  views  of  Sir  Robert  Peel,  in  connection  with  the  commercial  policy  of  this  country,  the  Council  met  that  day  for  the  purpose  of  doing  honour  to  the  Right  Ron.  Gent.,  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer.  (Rear,  hear).  And  it  was  not  so  much  an  honour  they  did  to  the  Right.  Hon.  Gent.,  as  an  honour  they  did  themselves  in  acknow acknowledging  ledging acknowledging  his  great  ability  and  high  character.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Councillor  llrrencoex  most  cordially  supported  the  proposition  to  present  an  address  to  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer.  The  motion  was  .then  put  from  the  chair  and  carried  un unanimously  animously unanimously  amidst  loud  plaudits.  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  Alderman  WILLERT,  seconded  by  Alderman  Sir  Jonx  Porran,  the  mover  and  seconder  of  the  resolution,  together  with  Mr.  Alderman  Shuttleworth,  Mr.  Alderman  Hopkins,  Mr.  Alderman  Bancroft,  were  appointed  a  committee  to  draw  up  the  address,  and  to  do  so,  they  retired  into  an  adjoining  room.  _  On  their  retain,  the  Towist  CLERK  read  the  address  proposed  for  adoption.  Mr.  Alderman  SnurrnEwon=  said,  he  rose  for  the  pur purpose  pose purpose  of  moving  the  adoption  of  the  excellent  address  which  the  Town  Clerk  had  just  read,  and  he  did  so  with  the  most  intense  delight.  He  believed  that  the  Right  Hon.  Gentle Gentleman,  man, Gentleman,  to  whoin  it  was  proposed  that  that  address  should  be  presented,  was  the  ablest  Chancellor-  of  the  Exchequer  that  this  country  had  ever  known.  (Hear,  hear,)  To  him  (Mr.  Shuttleworth,)  it  had  appeared  most  extraordinary  that  any  gentleman  should,  in  one  session  of  parliament,  so  completely  have  overcome  the  difficulties  which  had  here heretofore  tofore heretofore  been  considered  indispensable,  of  introducing  a  scheme  of  financial  arrangement  in  this  country,  which  was  consistent  with  principle,  and  which  from  its  being  admi admirably  rably admirably  contrived  in  connection  with'  that  consistency,  so  as  to  prevent  that  bickering  and  contention,  that  state  of  conflict  with  regard  to  our  system  of  taxation,  which  had  impeded  for  many  sessions  of  parliament,  recently  the  public  business  of  the  •  country.  He  believed  that  all  the  points  referred  to  in  the  address  were  just  the  points  which  it  was  desirable  should  be  brought  under  the  notice  of  the  Council,  as  characterising  the  policy  of  the  Right  Hon.  Gentleman  to  whom  the  address  was  to  be  pre presented.  sented. presented.  (Hear  hear)  There  were  circumstances  in  the  public  career  of  Mr.  Gladstone,  which  he  thought  entitled  him  in  the  fullest  manner  to  the  respectful  admiration  of  this  com community.  munity. community.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Gladstone  had  achieved,  as  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  objects  and  results  which  he  (Mr.  Shuttleworth)  believed  the  community  at  largo  - STYLE=superscript  did  not  expect  to  see  so  soon  accomplished.  With  reference  to  one  of  the  points  alluded  to,  and  that  was  the  extension  of  the  system  of  legacy  duties  in  thislcountry  to  property  of  every  description,  the  present  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer  hail  done  that  which,  as  the  address  stated,  the  great  Pitt  failed  to  accomplish  on  the  first  introduction  of  the  legacy  duty  in  17  . STYLE=superscript  96,  and  which  he  (Mr.  Shuttleworth)  believed  no  other  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  nor  any  other  public  man,  had  contemplated  as  a  practical  alteration  in  our  system.  (Hear,  hear).  The  Right  Hon.  Gentleman  stated  the  case  with  an  ability,  which  he  (Mr.  Shuttleworth)  believed  reconciled  those  who  were  most  interested  in  preventing  the  extension  of  the  legacy  duty  to  real  propriety  ;  and  he  carried  that  great  measure  with  less  opposition,  because  he  placed  it  before  the  country  in  such  a  manner  as  to  she  w  the  injustice  of  existing  arrangements,  and  in  this  way  he  evaded  the  op opposition  position opposition  of  those  most  interested  in  preventing  the  measure  from  becoming  law.  He  approved  of  the  measure  of  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  by  which  the  Income  Tax  was  extended  to  Ireland.  (Hear,  hear).  He  concurred  in  all  the  compliments  which  had  been  paid  to  the  Right  Hon.  Gentle Gentleman,  man, Gentleman,  and  in  the  aspirations  breathed  as  to  his  future  career.  and  in  all  the  hopes  and  confident  trust,  that,  by  his  great  exertions  in  behalf  of  the  interests  of  the  community,  they  might  see  cause  to  speak  of  him  hereafter,  as  one  of  those  to  whose  intellectual  power  and  personal  virtues,  they  owed  a  great  deal  of  their  prosperity  and  happiness.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers).  Mr.  Alderman  HOPKINS  said,  it  was  with  very  great  pleasure  to  himself  that  he  rose  to  second  the  resolution.  And  in  saying  that  he  felt  a  satisfaction  in  rising  to  second  the  address,  it  was  partly  from  the  consideration  that  there  could  not  well  be  any  opposition  to  it.  Ile  believed  it  was  a  subject  respecting  which  they  felt  all  alike—they  were  unanimous,  he  believed,  upon  the  point.  (Hear,  hear).  He  thought  that  as  a  body,  and  as  representing  the  public  gene generally,  rally, generally,  they  did  right  to  seize  opportunities  of  paying  due  respect  to  all  eminent  public  men  when  they  came  amongst  them.  (Hear).  He  thought  that  in  our  popular  state,  in  the  state  in  which  we  now  were  governed  in  a  great  degree  by  public  opinion,  it  was  right  and  proper  that  the  public  in  various  shapes,  should  speak  to  !public  men  and  let  them  know  what  were  the  feelings  that  pervaded  the  com community.  munity. community.  Respecting  the  particular  measures  brought  for forward  ward forward  by  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer  recently,  it  was  an  extraordinary  thing  to  say  that,  labouring  in  that  depart department,  ment, department,  he  should  have  given  almost  universal  satisfaction  —a  department  in  which  it  was  said  to  be  difficult  for  a  man  to  give  general  satisfaction,  much  less  universal.  When  they  considered  the  difficulties  of  the  position  of  the  Right  Hon.  Gentlemen,  he  thought  the  language  of  the  address  was  fully  warranted  as  to  the  manner  in  which  he  proposed  and  car carried  ried carried  his  measures.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr  Councillor  Ginn  had  great  pleasure  in  giving  his  coil coil'  ' coil'  dial  vote  for  the  resolution.  And  he  thought  if  anything  could  add  to  the  value  of  the  address  proposed  to  be  pre presented  sented presented  to  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  it  must  be  the  knowledge  of  the  fact  that  it  proceeded  from  gentlemen  holding  all  shades  of  political  opinions,  which  they  sank  in  paying  him  the  compliment  under  consideration.  He  had  no  doubt  that  any  representation  coming  from  a  city  occu occupying  pying occupying  so  commanding  a  position  in  the  country,  would  re receive  ceive receive  due  consideration  at  the  hands  of  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer.  •  The  resolution  was  carried  unanimously.  Alderman  Sir  JOHN  - STYLE=superscript  Porrza  moved  the  next  resolution,  to  the  effect  that  his  Worship  the  Mayor  be  respectfully  re requested  quested requested  to  make  arrangements  for  the  presentation  of  the  address  to  the  Right  Honourable  the  Chancellor  of  the  Ex Exchequer.  chequer. Exchequer.  He  said  it  was  a  very  great  gratification  to  him  that  he  was  permitted  to  take  an  humble  part  in  the  pro proceedings  ceedings proceedings  of  that  day.  It  was  a  somewhat  singular  circum circumstance  stance circumstance  that  while  two  years  ago,  on  that  day,  the  Corporation  of  Manchester  and  the  citizens  of  Manchester  were  called  upon  to  express  their  unanimous  and  enthusiastic  loyalty  to  our  gracious  Sovereign  '  they  were  to-day  assembled,  as  the  Council  of  Manchester,  to  express  their  unanimous  approba approbation  tion approbation  of  the  conduct  of  one  of  England's  statesmen,  and  that  they  .  were  enabled  to  do  so  without  the  slightest  diference  of  opinion  being  expressed,  or  any  opposition  being  raised  on  the  ground  of  its  being  a  party  question.  (Hear,  hear).  He  thought  it  a  satisfactory  evidence  of  the  spirit  of  the  times,  when  they  could  all  join  together,  throwing  aside  all  minor  differences  of  opinion,  and  when  they  could  all  join  together  in  recognising  undoubted  worth,  and  in  offering  .  their  thanks  to  an  individual  who  had  been  mainly.  instru instrumental  mental instrumental  in  carrying  out  the  policy  of  the  late  Sir  *Robert  Peel.  He  rejoiced  they  could  do  so  without  any  difference  of  opinion  or  party  asperity.  Had  this  been  in  any  way  a  party  question,  he  could  scarcely  conceive  it  would  have  been  the  duty  of  the  Council  to  take  a  part  in  reference  to  the  proposition  made  that  day—but  such  was  not  the  case.  Believing  .  that  tho  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer  had  done  more  to  maintain  the  great  principles  of  Sir  Robert  Peel,  than  perhaps  any  other  statesman  during  the  last  ses session  sion session  of  parliament;  he  thought  it  was  most  gratifying  that  the  Council  could  meet  where  they  were  then  assembled  in  the  discharge  of  their  .  public  duties,  and  unanimousiy  ex express  press express  their  feelings  of  gratification  in  including  the  Chan Chancellor  cellor Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer  amongst  them.  (Hear,  hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Councellor  AnsunAD  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  carried  nem  con.  A  conversation  followed  as  to  whether  the  members  of  the  Town  Council  should  wear  their  robes,  on  the  occasion  of  the  inauguration  of  the  statue  to  Sir  Robert  Peel,  on  Wed Wednesday.  nesday. Wednesday.  It  was  announced  that  the  Mayor  and  the  Town  Clerk  would  wear  their  robes,  but  it  was  left  to  the  discretion  of  the  Councellors  generally,  either  to  wear  their  robes,  or  appear  in  their  ordinary  costume.  The  Council  broke  up  at  two  o'clock.  THE  .  REPRESENTATION  OF  WlNuson.—On  Satur Saturday  day Saturday  it  was  currently  reported  at  Windsor,  that  Lord  Charles  Wellesley  is  about  to  resign  his  seat  for  the  royal  burgh.  The  leaders  of  both  parties  within  the  borough  are  making  active  Arrangements  to  meet  - STYLE=superscript  the  probable  contingency,  •  -"
