text
"Fever  and  drinking  fill  the  ranged-sehools,  multitudes  in  rags  whom  the  schools  cannot  hold  the  fever—and  this  is  far  more  easily  done  ragged-school  infants,  and  then  strikes.  with  .th  arrest  the  fever  fathers  and  mothers,  leaving  the  to  the  wide  world  ;  and  fewer  r  there  will  be  fewer  rags  in  them.  hich  f  boys  and  girls  of  the  family  ragged-schools  will  do,  and  0  Public  parks  and  cheap  excursions,  too  ;  fresh  lungs  to  London  and  Manchester.  Admirable  things!  but  why  not  fresh  air  also  at  home?  Here  is  society  labouring  under  a  low  state  of  health,  going,  in  fact,  into  a  cesspool-fever,  or  leprosy  of  the  sewer,  and  you  offer  it  a  pair  of  dumb-bells  !  Surely  the  first  thing  is  to  empty  the  cesspool,  cure  the  fever,  and  then  offer  the  recreation  and  the  exercise  ?  Would  the  promoters  of  all  our  benevolent  efforts  only  see  how  entirely  this  simple  question  el'  below  all  their  * STYLE=superscript  schemes,  and  agree  to  combine  cut  ho:  for  its  solution,  how  rapidly  would  society  pro,  gress  m  every  rood  work.  those,  too,  who  are  looking  anxiously  towards  the  inevitable  extension  of  the  franchise,  we  recommend  the  earnest  advocaoy  of  the  subject  of  public  health:  is  no  better  outl;,-ard  evidence  of  a  man's  fitness  to  exercise  any  franchise  than  the  possession  of  a  clean,  healthy,  well-ordered  home.  Joined  with  avera  sense  aiid  intelligence,  what  better  could  be  di  tens  of  thousands  of  our  householders  common  houses,  instead  of  a  proof  of  their  fitness  for  exercising  the  franchise,  are  the  best  possible  evidence  of  their  unfitness  for  that  or  any  other  These  remarks  speak  for  thethselves  quire  no  comment  from  us.  We  hope  sincerely  that  the  seasonable  hints  therein  thrown  out,  may  be  effectual  in  the  proper  quarter,  and,  thats  by-and-by,  our  sanitary  system  will  cease  to  .he  a  disgrace  to  us  as  men  ;  and  a  damning  stain  upon  our  boasted  civilization.  We  should  apologize  for  the  lengthy  extract  we  have  made,  did  not  the  subject  of  public  health.  at  this  moment  engross  so  deeply  the  mind  of  the.  country.  and  rc  LIVERPOOL  MARKETS-  TUISSDAI  (  Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  Daily  Times.)  COTTON—The  sales  to  day  are  from  '5,000  to  6,000  bales,  1,000  of  which  have  been  taken  on  speculation.  The  sales  include  20  Pernams  and  Marrahams  ;70  Bahias  6ad  ;30  Egyptian  7d;  1100,  Surat,  21d.  to  4g-d.  The  market  closes  heavily  with  a  downivard  tendency.  Compared  with  Friday's  rates,  prices  of  all  kinds  are  somewhat  irregular,  but  can  hardly  be  quoted  lower.  This  change  of  tone  arises  from  the  announce announcement  ment announcement  that  war  is  decided  upon  by  Turkey.  SUGAR—The  market  is  without  improvement,  and  the  sales  to-day  are  almost  unimportant,  being  confined  to  800  bags  Ben Bengal  gal Bengal  at  275.  to  275.  6d,,  for  very  low  Dates,  to  295.  6d.  per  cwt.  In  MOLASSES  no  further  sales  have  taken  place,  neither  has  anything  occurred  in  Rum.  _  COFFEE.—The  piiblic  sales  of  Jamaica  went  off  quietly  to today,  day, today,  and  of  200  tierces  brought  forward  about  130  found  buy buyers  ers buyers  at  465.  for  ordinary,  to  101  s.  6d.  fine  middling,  up  to  118  s  for  fine  mountain  ;  650  bags  Para  Cocoa  are  reported  at  28s.  per  cwt.  RICE—The  business  comprises  700  ba_  _  I4s.  9d;  and  3,500  bags  Aracan  at  I  Is.  6d.  per  cwt  al  at  Ils.  9d.  JUTE-500  bales  brought  forward  to•day,  with  all  faults,  re realised  alised realised  £l7  to  £23  10s.;  and  400  bundles  and  bales  Bombay  Hemp  £2O  to  £2l  per  ton.  TsA—There  has  been  rather  more  enquiry  for  common  Congou  at  11d,  per  lb.;  in  other  descriptions  there  is  no  change  to  report.  Kings—Nothing  of  moment  took  place  to-day,  at  auction  only  a  few  damaged  horse  being  sold,  iaLLow  continues  firm  at  595.  Of  the  LARD  offered  to-day  about  50  tierces  sold  at  51s.  per  cwt.  for  sour  LINSEED-2,100  bags  Bombay  are  reported  at  .525.  per  qr.,  part  being  for  arrival.  And  100  bags  Sumatra  black  PEPPER  at  cad.  per  lb.  CORN—The  equinoctial  gales  which  prevailed  last  week,  have  been  extremely  boisterous  hero  since  Friday,  and  with  excessively  heavy  rains  at  the  time,  any  further  efforts  to  secure  the  small  remnant  of  the  harvest  around  us  has  been  imprati impraticable.  cable. impraticable.  Actuated  by  this  and  the  multifarious  causes,  affecting  the  Corn  trade  of  late,  a  further  considerable  rise  in  the  value  of  every  description  of  Grain  and  Flour  was  established  in  all  the  provincial  markets  in  this  country,  held  up  to  the  end  of  last  week,  with  a  lively  and  increasing  business  in  all  its  departments.  Stimulated  by  the  active  proeeedings  on  this  side  the  water,  the  Irish  markets  in  general  assumed  an  equal  degree  of  animation  during  the  greater  part  of  the  week,  the  prices  of  all  kinds  of  Breadstuffs,  both  native  and  foreign,  improving  in  a  corresponding  ratio  ;  the  demand,  however,  which  was  principally  speculative,  subsided  afterwards,  and  in  several  of  the  leading  markets  part  of  the  advance  was  lost  as  the  week  closed  ;  whilst  during  the  intervening  period  from.  Friday's  market  to  this  date,  the  trade  in  Brunswick-stect  has  been  altogether  quiet,  at  the  general  currency  of  Tuesday  last  .Exclusive  of  a  fair  quantity  of  Oatmeal,  the  receipts  of  English  and  Irish  produce  into  this  port  during  the  past  week  still  form  a  scanty  supply;  those  of  Grain  fresh  in  from  abroad  are  also  but  moderate,  including  merely,  of  Wheat,  chiefly  from;the  American  States,  and  partly  from  Canada  and  the  Baltic,  8448  qrs.  of  Indian  Corn,  1600  qrs.  from  lbraila,  and  of  Beans,  2635  qrs.  from  Egypt  ;  whereas  of  Flour  the  im import  port import  is  rather  liberal,  being  22 STYLE=superscript  ,782  barrels  of  States  and  Canadian,  and  of  Spanish  7102  sacks.  The  exports  of  the  week  are  fair  in  amount;  of  these  marked  foreign  the  Wheat  is  to  Havre,  the  Oats  and  Flour  is  to  Australia.  The  calmer  tone  of  the  London  market  yesterday,  caused  our  trade  this  morning  to  open  with  much  less  animation  than  we  have  experienced  of  late,  and  the  tendency  of  foreign  Wheat  was  evidently  towards  depression  ;  but  on  the  receipt  of  telegraphic  news  stating  the  actual  declaration  of  war  by  Turkey,  the  demand  revived,  and  a  fair  business  was  done,  at  prices  how however,  ever, however,  scarcely  equal  to  those  of  this  daweek.  The  farmers  brought  forw  a  rd  a  l  arge  s  h  ow  o  f  new  Wheat  to-day,  quality  good,  condition  rather  damp;  and  as  much  as  10s.  was  obtained  for  the  best  white,  and  9s.  4d.  to  9s.  6d.  per  701bs.  for  the  general  run  of  red.  For  Flour  we  reduce  our  quotations  in  some  instances  6d.  per  barrel,  and  the  sales  are  not  extensive  to-day.  Barley  commands  very  full  prices  ;  Beans  and  Oats  are  further  advanced,  and  considerably  higher  rates  are  re required  quired required  for  the  trifling  quantity  of  Peas  remaining  on  hand.  Oatmeal  was  in  moderate  request  at  the  improvement  of  Friday.  Cotnnurtiat  ~aio.  FRIDAY.  On  Friday,  the  7th  instant,  at  Twelve,  At  the  Broker's  Office,  Colonial  Buildings,  46,  Dale-street,  A  quantity  of  CHINESE  CURIOSITIES,  VASES,  &amp;c.  Apply  to  - STYLE=superscript  BUSHBY  &amp;  Co.,  Brokers.  On  Friday  next,  the  7th  instant,  at  Half-past  One,  at  the  Broker's  Office,  14,  Brunswick-street,  about  90  Tons  prime  American  thin  oblong  LINSEED  CARES,  -  In  55  Casks,  161  Barrels  and  599  bags,  just  arrived  in  the  river,  per  Johann  Lange,  from  New  York.  ROBERT  PROCTER,  Broker.  On  Friday,  7th  inst.,  at  One,  at  the  Brokers'  Sale  Room,  Derby  Buildings,  Fenwiok  Street.  •  THE  MALTESE  BRIG  229  Tons  per  register.  Built  at  Malta,  in  1844,  it&amp;,-,is  copper  fastened,  and  was  sheathed  with  heavy  -  •  ---  copper  in  April,  of  this  Year,  when  £BOO  was  expended  on  her  in  repairs.  The  Vessel  will  be  sold  as  she  now  lies  in  the  Queen's  Dock  Basin,  at  this  Port,  with  all  her  stores,  and  everything  belonging  to  her.  For  Inventories,  and  further  particulars,  Apply  to  TONGE,  CURRY  &amp;  CO.  Brokers,  SERVANTS  WANTING  SITUATION  PERSONS  WANTING  SERVANTS,  should  Advertise  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  LIES,  CHARGE  S  EN  CE.  Published  every  morning,  at  19,  South  John-street  Liverpool,  and  9,  Princess-street,  Manchester.  TO  CORRESPONDENTS,  No  notice  can  be  taken  of  anonymous  communications.  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer;  not  necessarily  for  publication,  but  as  a  guarrantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  'Communications.  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressee  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  WILLMER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  TVEDNESDAY,  OCTOBER  5,  1853  WE  announced  in  our  impression  of  yesterday  on  the  authority  of  a  telegraphic  dispatch  received  in  London,  the  probable  pacific  settlement  of  the  Eastern  question.  That  intelligence,  however,  has  been  partially  superseded  by  a  report  which  reached  the  metropolis  yesterday  morning,  to  the  effect,  that  the  SULTAN  had  positively  signed  a  de declaration  claration declaration  of  war  against  Russia—being  advised  thereto  by  the  Grand  Council  of  the  Turkish  em-  pire,  who  had  met  for  consultation  on  the  26th  ultimo.  It  has  further  been  affirmed,  that  actual  hostilities  have  already  commenced  ;  and  also  that  Prince  Gortschakoff  was  moving  troops  towards  the  Danube  with  the  view  of  attacking  a  Turkish  position  at  Roustchouk.  We  now  publish,  in  ex extenso,  tenso, extenso,  all  the  particulars  received  up  to  the  moment  of  our  going  to  press,  from  which  it  will  be  learnt,  that  the  ultimate  issue  is  involyed  in  as  much  doubt  and  the  question  itself  in  as  much  intricacy,  as  After  bestowing  upon  the  extensive  in  formation  received  the  fullest  and  completest  consideration,  it  appears  to  us  quite  as  probable  that  the  peace  of  Europe  may  still  be  preserved,  as  that  the  ru  moured  declaration  of  war  will  be  carried  into  effect  THE  appearance  of  an  American  fleet  in  the  Mediterranean  is  a  source  of  no  small  concern  to  the  eagles  of  Russia  and  the  vultures  of  Austria.  The  first  sight  of  Columbus  on  the  coast  of  Ame America  rica America  could  scarcely  have  caused  more  alarm,  anxiety,  the  curiosity,  among  the  descendants  of  the  scat scattered  tered scattered  Mogul  Tartars,  whom  the  chivalrous  Navi Navigator  gator Navigator  found  on  the  shores  of  the  NEW  WORLD.  Fortunately  there  is  nothing  about  the  sailor-sons  of  America  which  bespeaks  the  danger  of  a  feast,  a  la  Cannibale,  in  which  the  good  people  in  the  ports  of  the  Mediterranean  are  to  supply  the  head  or  foot  dishes.  The  fear  alluded  to  is  of  a  different  character,  and  is  confined  to  a  rapid  flood  of  doubts  and  anxieties,  which  show  themselves  in  a  torrent  of  queries  and  expressions,  such  as,  When  did  they  come  What  do  they  want  Who  is  that  gentleman  in  the  cocked  What  heroes  they  look  One  would  scarcely  take  them  for  demo democrats—vulgar  crats—vulgar democrats—vulgar  republicans,  they  look  like  the  repre representatives  sentatives representatives  of  a  great  These  are  the  varied  thoughts  and  sayings  of  the  good  people  of  Smyrna,  Alexandria,  and  La  Spezzia,  who  now  have  an  op opportunity  portunity opportunity  of  viewing  one  of  the  finest  naval  arma armaments  ments armaments  in  the  world—the  United  States  fleet.  There  is  a  certain  party  in  England  quite  amazed  to  find  that  the  United  States  have  a  fleet  at  all,  and  doubly  so,  at  the  thoughts  of  the  fact,  that  her  fleet,  at  present  congregated  at  Smyrna,  is  larger  than  that  of  either  England  or  France.  But  we  are  by  no  means  at  a  loss  to  com comprehend  prehend comprehend  the  significance  of  its  appearance,  or  the  possible  result  of  its  mission,  in  that  highly  in-  teresting  quarter.  The  American  statesman  sees  a  compromise  exist  ing  between  constitutional  governments  and  actual  barbarism,  which  is  constantly  exposing  American  trade,  commerce,  and  citizens,  to  the  annoyances,  and  in  many  cases,  outrages,  which  kindred  states  in  Europe  submit  to,  and  which  she,  as  a  tame,  con consenting  senting consenting  party  to  the  compromise,  is  also  expected  humbly  to  submit.  The  recentinsult  offered  to  the  American  Flag,  and  person  of  Captain  INcluAnam,  is  a  case  in  point.  Austria  barricades  her  coasts,  rivers,  and  frontiers,  against  all  commercial  inter intercourse  course intercourse  with  other  nations—she  tramples  on  the  civil  and  religious  liberties  of  the  surrounding  states—she  denies  labour  to  her  soil,  that  she  may  preserve  an  army  to  replenish  her  treasury  by  ex extortion  tortion extortion  and  plunder—she  flogs  women;  she  has  shed  more  blood  on  mere  political  charges,  tried  at  the  drum-head,  than  all  the  NERO'S  of  the  earth  and,  finally,  she  abjures  all  freedom  and  deifies  s  lavery,  and  even  enforces  it  upon  the  religious  orders  of  her  people.  England  holds  all  these  things  in  abhorrence,  and  yet  we  are  congratulated  on  the  maintenance  of  friendly  relations  with  Austria,  as  well  as  other  countries  who  uphold  these  despotic STYLE=superscript  MONARCHIES.  Here  lies  the  compromise  between  CONSTITUTIONA  L  Government,  barbarism,  and  tyranny.  But  as  for  an  enlightened  and  great  people,  such  as  the  Anglo-  Americans,  holding  any  intercourse  with  such  countries,  without  in  some  way  giving  or  receiving  insult,  appears  almost  impossible.  Respect  be between  tween between  nations  must  be  based  upon  a  mutual  sense  of  moral  and  political  right.  What  sympathy  or  respect,  then,  can  we  expect  the  American  to  show  the  Austrian,  who  willingly  submits  to  be  cajoled  out  of  his  freedom,  dragooned  in  his  streets,  and  made  to  crouch  like  a  dog  on  his  own  hearth  ?  There  is  something  painful  in  beholding  such  peo people,  ple, people,  to  say  nothing  of  the  repulsiveness  one  feels  at  the  cool  submission  and  respect  they  show  to  their  oppressors.  The  power  which  has  so  far  degraded  and  debased  the  people  of  both  Austria  and  Rusoa,  the  American  statesmen  may  possibly  be  contem contemplating  plating contemplating  as  the  fit  object  of  attack.  And,  indeed,  when  we  consider  the  home,  succour,  and  advance advance-114041t  -114041t advance-114041t  tito  Union  bestows  on  the  outcasts  of  fortune  from  every  land,  we  .cannot  be  surprised  when  we  find  her  demanding  common  respect  and  consider consideration  ation consideration  for  her  own  people  in  other  countries.  Again,  it  is  possible  that  she  is  about  to  suggest  a  qu9ry  to  Europe,  and  to  make  it  the  question  of  the  nine nineteenth  teenth nineteenth  century:  How  long  shall  America  throw  open  her  Hudson,  Mississippi,  and  St.  LaWrence  to  the  trade,  commerce,  and  manufactures  of  Eu Europe,  rope, Europe,  and  in  return  be  denied  access  to  the  Danube  and  Dardanelles,  or  to  any  other  portion  of  the  European  Empires?  If  Russ,  will  be  a  bear,  and  hug  the  logs  of  her  forests,  that  is  no  reason  why  America  should  abandon  the  platonic  philosophy  of  her  reasoning,  and  stultify  her  hopes  of  inter international  national international  progression,  by  becoming  a  hedge-hog,  and  retiring  to  the  Prairies,  to  enjoy  in  solitude  the  happiness  of  a  mere  animal  existence.  That  her  inclinations  and  interests  lie  in  a  dif different  ferent different  direction,  is  pretty  well  known,  and  whatever  experiments  the  AMERICAN  Government  may  have  sent  their  fleet  to  the  Mediterranean  to  make,  we  feel  assured  that  they  will  execute  them  in  such  a  way  as  to  convince  our  AUTOCRATIC  neighbours  that  a  Democratic  Republic  can  maintain  their  rights  as  a  nation  quite  as  well  as  any  despotic  conclave  in  the  world.  Every  state  has  a  right  to  make  any  laws  it  pleases  for  the  observance  of  its  own  subjects,  provided  that  government  be  constitutional  ;  but  America  questions  the  right  even  of  a  constitutional  government  to  make  laws  which  prohibit  the  sub subjects  jects subjects  of  other-  countries  from  trading  with  that  This  opinion  is  very  generally  held  in  Ame America,  rica, America,  while  the  national  voice  denies  in  toto  the  right  of  irresponsible  and  despotic  governments,  such  as  those,  of  Austria  and  Russia,  to  make  laws  which  require  huge  standing  armies  to  uphold  them  even  in  their  own,  dominions,  and  the  maintenance  of  an  equally  large  force,  on  the  part  of  other  countries,  to  protect  their  subjects  from  the  oppression,  cruelty,  and  injustice  of  their  operations.  There  can  be  no  real  civilisation  so  long  as  we  admit  such  a  right.  ,  The  cowardly  TYRANTS  of  the  continent  have  long  acted  on  the  belief  that  Washington's  anti-war  ideas  would  secure  them  from  American  interference  in  the  'affairs  of  Europe  ;  but  it  now  seems  that  they  reckoned  without  their  Still,  while  they  pass  over  the  admonitions  of  their  PATmoz-father,  they  may  be  induced  to  act  upon  his  principles,  and  lop  off  a  limb  or  two  from  the  rotten  trunk  of  conventional  Europe  That  such  an  'exploit  would  be  exceedingly  popular  in  the  States,  will  be  seen  by  the  following  extract  from  the  New  York  Herald:  Had  Captain  Ingraham  but  opened  a  broadside  on  the  Austrian  corvette  in  the  waters  of  Smyrna,  the  other  day,  he  would  have  been  the  next  Presi President  dent President  of  the  United  The  quiet  way  in  which  the  Americans  have  congregated  their  fleet  in  the  Mediterranean  is  very  singular;  and  the  strict  silence  that  has  been  observed,  respecting  their  movements,  is  equally  remarkable,  and  must  excite  considerable  surprise  in  the  public  mind.  IT  appears  that  the  hope  we  had  entertained  of  the  speedy  liberation  of  Miss  CUNNINGHAME  from  the  prison  of  Lucca,  was  both  premature  and  un unwarrantable.  warrantable. unwarrantable.  At  the  time  we  gave  expression  to  such  a  hope,  it  was  owing,  not  to  any  altered  opi opinion  nion opinion  either  of  the  GRAND  DUKE  or  his  government,  but  simply  and  solely  in  consequence  of  the  firm  and  confident  language  addressed  by  our  FOREIGN  SECRETARY  to  the  Deputation  of  the  Pro Protestant  testant Protestant  Alliance,  headed  by  the  Earl  of  SHAFTES SHAFTESBURY,  BURY, SHAFTESBURY,  that  waited  upon  him  in  Miss  CUNNING CUNNINGHAME'S  HAME'S CUNNINGHAME'S  behalf.  It  would  seem,  however,  that  all  the  diplomatic  intervention  employed  in  this  case  has  been  productive  of  no  favourable  result;.  and  that  the  unfortunate  victim  of  Tuscan  despotisth  has  the  gloomy  prospect  before  her  of  a  long  and  miserable  incarceration,  which,  should  the  existing  law  be  carried  out  in  its  entirety,  will  extend  to  a  period  of  from  five  to  ten  years  !  We  deeply  regret  that  Miss  CUNNINGHAME  did  not  exercise  more  prudence  and  caution  when  she  set  her  foot  upon  foreign  ground.  Neither  the  inexorability  of  the  GRAND  DUKE'S  character,  nor  the  intolerance  of  the  Tuscan  laws,  was  a  secret  in  this  country  ;  and  hence  it  behoved  that  lady  when  she  ventured  within  the  jurisdiction  of  the  one,  and  became  amenable  to  the  other,  to  act  very  circumspectly,  lest  she  should  fall,  (as  un unhappily  happily unhappily  has  been  the  case)  into  the  clutches  of  both.  Much  praise  is  due  to  Mr.  SCARLETT,  our  Charge  d'Affaires,  for  the  activity  and  zeal  he  has  dis displayed  played displayed  in  this  business.  But  something  more  than  diplomatic  politesse  will  be  required,  and  must  be  demanded.  The  English  nation  will  not  be  lulled  into  placid  indifference  so  long  as  an  insignificant  GRAND  DUKE,  or  a  Brltmmagem  Italian  government,  thinks  fit  to  incarcerate  an  English  subject—and  that  a  weak,  defenceless  WOMAN  !  for  so  slight  a  breach  of  its  iniquitous  and  tyran tyrannical  nical tyrannical  laws.  We  would  earnestly  urge  upon  those  who  value  civil  and  religious  liberty,  •to  exert  themselves  without  delay  in  procuring  an  unmis unmistakeable  takeable unmistakeable  demonstration  of  public  feeling  and  opi opinion  nion opinion  on  this  occasion,  that  vigorous  and  effectual  steps  may  thereby  be  taken  in  the  proper  quarter  to  free  another  victim  from  the  ruthless  grasp  and  iron  rule  of  a  miserable,  puny,  and  contemptible  continental  DESPOT  !  IT  is  not  often,  fortunately  in  'these  days,  that  the  records  of  maritime  casualties  contain  details  of  so  thrilling  an  interest  to  the  members  of  a  maritime  community,  as  those  of  the  fearful  tragedy  which  We  transferred  into  a  late  impression  from  the  Friend  of  China.  In  the  present  state  of  civili civilization,  zation, civilization,  it  is  not  often,  either  on  land  or  sea,  that  the  cunning  artifice,  or  brute  force  of  savages,  las  the  opportunity  or  temptation  to  perpetrate  such  deeds  of  horror.  Piracy,  as  practised  in  bygone  days  by  particular  races  of  men,  is  now  almost  a  thing  unknown,  Such  efforts  as  those,  for  instance,  of  Sir  James  Brook,  on  the  coast  and  in  the  rivers  of  Borneo,  have  all  but  swept  away  the  last  traces  of  what  was  once  a  dreaded  scourge  to  the  mercan mercantile  tile mercantile  enterprize  of  the  whole  commercial  world.  The  inhabitants  of  islands  and  wide  ranges  of  sea seaboard,  board, seaboard,  to  whom  ocean  robbery  was  formerly  the  sole  means  of  subsistence,  and  for  the  purposes  of  which  they  seemed  alone  to  live,  have,  for  the  most  part,  long  since  been  coerced  into  a  better  under understanding  standing understanding  of  their  own  true  interests,  and,  at  any  rate,  into  a  subservience  to  the  common  require  ments  of  the  world's  welfare.  A  pirate  on  the  broadway  of  the  ocean  is  now  almost  as  scarce  a  phenomenon  as  a  highwayman  on  Hounslow  Heath,  The  black  flag  no  longer  waves  successful  defiance  to  standardS  •  perhaps  never  lowered  before  an  enemy  in  civilized  warfare.  Whatever  fanciful  temptations  of  glory  once  wrought  on  the  soul  of  a  Kidd,  a  Paul  Jones,  or  other  noted  corsairs,  have  now  altogether  lost  their  power  ;  and  the  term  piracy-  can  be  suggestive  only  of  a  noose  from  the  yard-arm.  But  even,  as  in  the  every  day  experienCe  of  society,  the  spirit  of  unprincipled  greedy  adven adventure,  ture, adventure,  unable  to  find  scope  in  great  or  shoWy  deeds  of  nefarious  daring,  expends  itself  too  often  in  actions  of  meaner,  perhaps  more  revolting  atrocity,  so  do  we  sometimes  find  the  usual  difficulties  and  dangers  of  life  - STYLE=superscript  on'  the  ocean,  horribly  diversified  by  an  outbreak  of  the  resuscitated  spirit  of  piracy.  The  evils  of  piracy,  in  the  usual  acceptation"
