text
"TO  ADVERTISERS  THE  CARLISLE  JOURNAL  (Established  1798)  has  for  many  years  maintained  a  high  position  among  the  provincial  Press,.  on  account  of  its  independent  princiules  and  its  extensive  and  accurate  local  reports  ;  while  its  ample  digest  of  all  the  political,  commercial,  and  agricultural  news  of  the  day;  and  its  literary  selections,  have  rendered  it  a  newspaper  adapted  to  all  classes  of  readers,  and  afforded  a  most  eligible  medium  for  advertisements  in  the  Northern  Counties,  in  which  it  chiefly  circulates.  Its  average  weekly  circulation,  as  shown  br  the  last  parliamentary  return,  is  .3,230  COPIES  WEEKLY;  than  that  of  the  next  newspaper  in  Cumberland,  aid  considetably  larger  than  the  united  circulation  of  all  the  other  papers  in  the  county.  Since  1850  its  circulation  has  steadily  increased,  and  in  the  num number  ber number  of  its  advertisements  the  Journal  has  always  taken  the  le&amp;I.of  all  its  local  contemporaries.  The  scale  of  'charges*  for  ach'ertisements  commences  at  ONE  SHILLING  ,FOR  THREE  LINES,  and  Sixpencd  for  every  two  lints  additional...  considerable  reduction  upon  advertisements  inserted  'three,  siX;  or  twelve  months.  *  •  The  Carlisle  Journal  is  published  early  every  Friday  morn morning,  ing, morning,  by  Messrs.  J.  and  It.  STEEL,  3,  English-street,  to  whom  all  advertiiaments'inust  be  addressed.  .  which  is  nearly  'three  times,  greate  NIORNIN•G-  POST  LONDON  DAILY  NEWSPAPER  In  consequence  of  the  repeal  of  tho  Advertisement  Duty,  the  MORNING  POST  'charges  will  be  on  the  following  reduced  and,  reasonable  scale  Tradesman's  Advertisements,  five  lines  and  under  ....  2  6  Every  addional  line  .  .  Servants'  Advertisements,  'Four  Lines  .  •  ....  1  0  A  corresponding  reduction  is  made  in  all  other  classes  of  advertisements.  For  a  series  of  Advertisements  for  the  Year  Half-year,  dr  Quarter,  contracts  may  be  made  on  a  moderate  reduction  of  the  scale  price.  .  ,  As  a  medium  for  Advertisements,  the  MORNING  -POST  offers  the  greatest  advantages  for  the  speedy  and  extensive  publicity  of  all  announcements  addressed  to  the  affluent  and  parchasinc  , STYLE=superscript  portion  of  the  community,  especially  the  nobility,  gentry,  and  monetary  interests  of  the  country.  The  circulation  of  this  long-established  Journal,  embraces  the  most  influential  classes  of  society—the  Political,  the  Aristocratic,  and  the  Commerdial.  •  A  consistent  Advooate  of  Conservative  Progress,  and  Con Constitutional  stitutional Constitutional  Liberty-  .  --whilst  it  maintains  strongly  Estab Established  lished Established  Principles,  in  Church  and  State—it  constantly  seeks  out  error,  and  promotes  its  reformation.  It  contains  the  FULLEST  mid  LATEST  intelligence  of  every  description,  whether  PorrricAL,  COMMERCIAL  'CLERICAL,  LEGAL,  or  FASIIIONABLE,  with  a  ll STYLE=superscript  news STYLE=superscript  relating  to  ARTS,  SCIENCES,  and  LITERATURE.  Experience  has  shown  that  the  MORNING  POST  possesses  by  far  the  most  reliable  information  on  every  important  poli political  tical political  subject  .of  the  xlay.  In  its  FOREIGN  INTELLIGENCE  especially,  it  has  been  distinguished  by  rema  rkable STYLE=superscript  ra STYLE=superscript  p  idit STYLE=superscript  y  , STYLE=superscript  and  by  the  accuracy  of  its  information,  derived  from  the  best  sources.  Combining  with  its  Political  features,  ALL  THE  NEWS  OF  THE  DAY,  down  to  the  latest  hour  of  going  to  press  each  morning,  it  has  long  enjoyed  a  circulation  and  reputation  essentially  Earopean.  Wellington-street  North,  Strand,  August  27,  1853.  THE  LARGEST  'CIRCULATED  IsTEWSPAPER  IN  WALES.  THE  CARNARVON  and  DE.NBIGH  HERALD  and  NORTH  and  SOUTH  WALES  IN INDEPENDENT,  DEPENDENT, INDEPENDENT,  price  sd,  with  SUPPLEMENT  GRATIS,  is  printed  at  Carnarvon  every  Friday.  Evening,  in  time  for  delivery  throughout  the,  country  early  on  Saturday  Morning.  The  possesses  the  largest  circulation  of  any  newspaper  printed  in  Wales  'or  Cheshire  (ride  last  House  of  Commons  return),  and,  from  its  high  character  among  pro provincial  vincial provincial  journals,  offers  decidedly  the  best  medium  for  adver advertising  tising advertising  in  the  principality.  The  present  scale  of  charges  is  as  follows  :  1  to  2  lines  3  lines  .  ......  is  6d.  6  lines  9  lines  ........2s  6d.  and  so  on,  sixpence  for  every  three  lines  up  to  21  (4s  6d),  afterwards  sixpence  for  every  two  additional  lines.  When  the  advertisement  is  above  is,  a  discount  will  be  allowed  on  these  charges  for  a  number  of  insertions  paid  for  in  cash.  Post-office  orders  to  be  made  payable  to  Ja  mes STYLE=superscript  Rees,  pro proprietor.  prietor. proprietor.  Average  weekly  circulation  of  the  during  the  last  three  months,  above  1,700  ;  average  weekly  circulation  during  the  past  month,  2,000.  THE  GOVERNING  CLASSES.  A'  SERIES  OF'  PORTRAITS  TO  BE  CONTINUED  WEEKLY  IN  •  THE  LEADER,  is  complete  first-class  Weekly  Newspaper  ;  Political  and  Literary  Review.  (Estab (Established  lished (Established  1850).  Published  every  Saturday  in  time  for  the  early  morning  mails,  price  Sixpence,  and  Sold  by  News Newsagents  agents Newsagents  in  all  parts  of  England,  or  may  be  had  direct  from  the  Publisher.  lar  . STYLE=superscript  Terms  of  Subscriition-13s.  for  a  Half-year,  to  be  remitted  in  advance,  by  Money  Order,  payable  to  Mr.  Al Alfred  fred Alfred  E.  Galloway,  at  the  Office,  7,  - STYLE=superscript  Wellington-street,  Strand,  London.  NOTICE  TO  ADVERTISERS.  In  consequence  of  the  Repeal  of  the  Advertisement  Duty,  the  following  Reduced  Scale  is  now  charged  for  Advertising  in  the  LEADER  Newspaper  :  Five  lines  and  under  •  .  .  0  2  6  Each  additional  line  .  .  Half  a  Column  Whole  Column  .  .  .  Advertisements  reaching  this  Office  on  Friday  Night,  will  appear  in:all  editions."
