text
"TO  THE  ELECTORS  OF  ABERCROMBY  WARD.  GENTLEMEN,  ON  TUESDAY  next,  you  will  be  called  upon  to  exercise  the  most  honourable  and  responsible  privi privilege  lege privilege  a  citizen  can  enjoy—that  of  choosing  a  gentleman  to  represent  you  in  the  local  parliament.  If  there  ever  was  a  time  when  this  duty  should  be  dis discharged  charged discharged  freely  and  fearlessly,  most  assuredly,  it  is  the  pre present.  sent. present.  Improvements  in  our  thoroughfares  have  been  de declared  clared declared  to  be  necessary,  and  considerable  sums  of  money  will  be  required  to  give  effect  to  this  declaration.  It  is  neces necessary,  sary, necessary,  therefore,  that  you  should  send  into  the  Council  Cham-  6  entleman,  competent  not  only  .  to  form  a  correct  opinion,  but  possessing  the  ability  to  give  expression  to  his  conviction.  In  MR.  BRANCKRR  you  have  a  Candidate  of  considerable  attainment,  of  thoroughly  independent  principles,  and  pos possessing  sessing possessing  an  extensive  knowledge  of  the  wants  of  the  Town,  combined  with  a  full  detrmmation  to  devote  his  great  abi abilities  lities abilities  to  the  benefit  of  his  fellow-townsmen.  The  Election  will  take  place  on  Tuesday  next,  and  it  is  hoped  you  will  early  record  your  votes  in  favour  of  Mn.  BRANCKER,  and  thus  secure  an  advantage  which  shall  give  in  the  Council  Chamber  that  position  to  Abercromby  Ward,  which  its  importance,  and  extensive  interets  demand.  A  personal  canvass  will  not  be  attempted,  and  it  is  be believed  lieved believed  that  the  Electors  will  not  regret  this  determination,  as  the  opinion  is  now  fast  gaininc  , STYLE=superscript  ground  that  it  is  a  pro proceeding  ceeding proceeding  derogatory  alike  to  the  Elector  and  Candidate.  Your  faithful  Servant,  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE,  Chairman.  Committee-room,  Mulberry-street,  Oct.  28  1853.  The  Committee  for  conducting  Mr.  Brancker's  Efection,  meet  every  evening  at  Mr.  Craig's  Mulberry-street.  TO  THE  ELECTORS  OF  ABERCROMBY  WARD.  GENTLEMEN,  ADeputation  from  your  Ward  having  waited  upon  me  and  requested  me  to  allow  myself  to  be  nominated  as  a  Candidate  for  your  suffrages  at  the  en ensuing  suing ensuing  Municipal  Election,  I  have  consented  to  place  myself  at  your  disposal,  and  if  you  are  pleased  to  elect  me,  I  will  do  my  very  best  endeavours  to  serve  the  interests  of  your  Ward,  as  well  as  those  of  the  Town  gene generally.  rally. generally.  As,  if  I  enter  the  Council  at  all,  it  is  my  wish  to  go  there  perfectly  unfettered  by  any  previous  pledges,  I  must  request  you  to  ask  me  for  none,  but  to  believe  that  my  interest  in  the  welfare  of  the  Town  is  sufficiently  large  to  ensure  my  enforcing  such  an  economy  in  the  management  of  its  funds  as  may  be  commensurate  with  its  safety,  prosperity,  and  progress.  .  I  remain,  Gentlemen,  YOur  Obedient  Servant,  J.  HOUGHTON  BRANCKER  Liverpool,  Oct.,  27,  1853,"
