text
"CORK  PROVISION.—White  wheat,  42s  6d  ;  red,  41s  ;  barley,  21s  6d  ;  oats,  14s  10d  ;  pork,  415  6d.  CORK  BUTTER.—Firsts,  nil,  I  I4s  ;  Seconds,  106,  11  Thirds,  287,  100  s;  Fourths,  188,  935:;  Fifths,  34,  84s;  Sixths,  6,70  s.  SPORTING  INTELLIGENCE.  TATTERSALL'S.-YESTER  DAY  EVENING  DERBY.  13  to  1  apt  Yellow  Jack  (taken)  CHESTER  CUP.  25  to  1  on  the  Field  (offered)  1000  to  20  agst  Rifleman  (taken)  SHIPPING  INTELLIGENCE  LIVERPOOL.  JANUARY  WIND  YESTERDAY  —South.  -.8  2 STYLE=superscript  l—Eveg.  8  5  4 STYLE=superscript  —Height,  13  ft.  1  in  HIGH  WATER  ARRIVED,  Jan.  16.--  roorrison,  Alexandria.  Jan.  17.—Ben  Nevi*  Melbourne—Pacific  (U.S.M.S.),  New  York—Margaret  (s.),  Artlgnon,  Alexandria—Ch  .rter  Oak,  and  Houdlette,  Savanna—Sarah  Sands  (a.e.)„Crimea—Oceanus,  Rotterdam—Saline°,  mond,  Bahia—Rome,  Charleston.  —Catherine  SAILED.  Jan.  1  6.—Nundeens,  St.  llllchaels—Record,  Constantinople.  Jan'  I7.—Frances,  Ceara—Lord  Elgin,  Demerara—Horizon,  New  Orleans  —Constantine,  New  York.  •  Penzance,  Jan,  14.  Arrived—Hortense,  from  Liverpool  for  Louvain.  TIME  ETRACTS.  New  York,  Jan.  S.  MARI STYLE=superscript  —The  James,  of  aud  for  St.  Ives  from  Queb'er  was  abandoned,  Nov.  30,  in  lat.  49,  lon.  3.  Crew  saved  by  the  Syria,  arrived  here  from  Newcastle.—The  Ocean  Chief,  from  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  for  Savanna,  while  lying  off  Tybec,  Dec.  26,  for  a  pilot,  struclt  on  a  shoal,  but  got  off  with  part  of  false  keel,  and  leaking  so  badl  that  she  was  beached  in  St.  Katherine's  Sound.  It  is  feared  the  ship  will  be  a  wreck.  Sillily,  Jan.  12.—The  Louise,  for  Liverpool,  was  towed  in  with  IoSS  of  foremast,  jibboom,  and  maintoprnast,  &amp;c.  Liverpool,  Jan.  16,—The  Jeremiah  Thompson  arrived  here  to-dal  from  New  York,  was  hove  on  her  beam  ends  in  a  heavy  gale,  Dec'  20,  from  E.  to  N.N.E.  ;  shifted  cargo  I  lost  boats,  bulwarks,  c4bi  o STYLE=superscript  doors,  &amp;c.,  and  became  very  leaky  in  topsides,  One  seaman  ki  lerlr  and  the  carpenter  and  another  man  disabled.  Dec.  30,  after  heavy  gales,  threw  overboard  from  80  to  100  tons  cargo.  Lost  sails  , STYLE=superscript  spars  '  &amp;s.—Jan.  17.—The  B  en  Nevis,  from  Melbourne,  sai'ed  17th  , STYLE=superscript  from  the  heads  19th  O  c  t.  H  as  45,000  ozs.  of  gold.  The  CharaPi°  l3 STYLE=superscript  of  the  Seas  was  to  sail  on  the  25th  October.—Pacific  (U.S.lll.S•if  Eldridge,  from  N  ew  York,  left  Jan.  5,  at  12  p.  m  .  At  4  a.m.,  Ilocsi  violent  gale  from  E.S.S.  commenced,  which  lasted  all  night.  L  O9 STYLE=superscript  starboard  guard  boat.  E  ncountered  easterly  winds  for  the  whole  pa  - STYLE=superscript  sage.  Has  21,106  dollars  in  specie.  Antigua.  Dec.  28.—Th  e  W  as  d  ale  for  Kingstown,  which  pu!  1g STYLE=superscript  a  second  time  ,  o  n  th  e  B  t  h  ,  has  disc  h  arged  a  portion  of  her  eargeci  Th?  leak  has  b  e  e  n  f  oun  d  i  n  her  topsides,  which  are  nearly  bornp/ete,  caulking,  and  it  is  s  u  pp  ose  d  s  h  e  will  be  ready  for  sea  in  a  few  daY''  Dublin,  Jan.  1 STYLE=superscript  5.—The:Intrepid,  Roche,  from  London'  to  EnnlP  corthy,  with  Indian  c  or  n,  ran  on  Wi  cklow  bar,  Jan.  12,  and  drove  0'•„  the  north  side  ~where  she  damaged  part  of  her  cargo.  •  FOREIGN  OUT  PORTS.  Shackamaxon;  Monteagie;  D.  G.  Fleming  ;  Cont  Shalimar—all  hence  at  Melbourne.  Kensington,  from  London  at  Melbourne.  Marathon,  hence  at  Adelaide.  Alice  Brooke,  from  Singapore  at  Adelaide.  Silistria  . STYLE=superscript  Harrison,  hence  at  N  ew  Orleans.  North  Ale,  ice,  hence  at  Mobile.  Glenlyon,  Oliver;  Kingston,  Murray—both  hence  at  Savanna.  Mattapan,  Collier,  hence  at  Charleston.  Kate  Hunter,  hence  at  Delaware.  John  William,  Spohn  ;  Tenars,  A  rey—both  hence  at  Philadelphia  . STYLE=superscript  Hygeia,  Minde,  hence  at  New  York.  George  Flyde,  from  Melbourne  ;  Lord  Stanley,  from  Coquimbo  Nazarene,  and  Eliza  Caroline,  from  San  Francisco;  Manchester,  IN  .--  Panama;  at  Callao—and  all  five  sailed  for  Chinchas.  Queen  Victoria,  Bolivar,  M.  A,  Johnstone,  and  Heart  of  Oak,  all  from  Chinchas  at  Callao,  and  all  four  sailed  for  England.  g.  Rosina,  Hotspur,  and  Harvest  Home,  from  Chinchas,  at  Callao'  Northern  Light  sailed  from  Callao  for  England,  Nov.  2g.  Branscombe,  Gilhatn  ;  City  of  Kandy,  Cumming;  and  Melhuish,  all  hence.  at  Valparaiso.  Ka  G  le  em  Ke  o  a  f  r  t  n  h  e  e  y,  N  fr  it  o  h  .  ,  frsoymd.Neyer  ivoleu;rillteo,rmiroanni,  fcrohmiloeM;onritiechynidoe4:  from  Islay—all  at  Valparaiso.  Pickwick  sailed  from  Valparaiso,  Nov.  28,  for  Caldera  ;  and  ADO  Cheyshire,  for  Haase..  Loyal,  Webber,  from  Demerara,  atjAntigua,  for  Liverpool,  loalo  and  ordered  to  discharge.  John  Knox,  &amp;am  London,  off  A  n  ti  gua,  Dec.  24,  for  Mobile,'s--  hor  t STYLE=superscript  of  bread.  t  Martha  Thompson,  Ann  e  J  ane,  Parker,  and  Moulin—all  hence  a  -  Demerara,  Berbice  sailed  from  Demerara,  Dec.  s  ;  Loyal,  Dec.l3  ;  Birkbl'  Dec.  20;  and  Persia,  Dec.  21—all  for  Liverpool.  Glanmire,  Emulous,  and  Jenny—all  hence  at  Barbados,  Marietta,  hence  at  St.  Thomas.  Alice  Jan.,  Stewart,  hence  at  Jamaica,  Caroline,  Russo;  and  Caroline  Louisa,  ance;  and  Buddeley—both  hence  ig  Scio,  Warne,  from  Taranto  at  Gibraltar,  and  cleared  for  LiverPo  -'  Karnac  (s.s.),  hence  at  Gibraltar,  and  cleared  for  Malta.  Charity  (s.s.),  from  Malta  at  Gibraltar.  Anna  Maria.sailed  from  Bordeaux  for  Liverpool,  Jan.  13.  Alma  sailed  from  Trinidad  for  Liverpool,  Dec.  19.  .  ..  Spartan  (s.s.),  hence  at  Syra.  Baloochee,'hence  at  Aden.  ..  Edward,  hence  at  Leghorn.  Flora,  hence  at  St.  Thomas.  DEATH  On  the  16th  lust,  untvers  bnew  her,  Hannah,  wife  of  Cheshire,  aged  67.  illy  and  deservedly  regretted  by  all  0  0 STYLE=superscript  -  Air.  John  Dredge,  of  New  Brign:°°:  Births,  narriages,  and  Deaths,  are  only  insert  e  d  w  h  en  sen  t  ti*  our  Office  duly  authenticated.  The  papers  announce  the  death  of  the  Counts  Dowager  of  Erroll,  daughter  of  the  late  King  Winning  IV.  According  to  intelli  gence  of  thelth,  from  C  ons  t  a  nt  nople,  the  Russian  advanced  posts  were  within  three  hours'  march  of  Erzeroum.  The  existence  of  a  Danish  circular  despatch  repudiating  Denmark's  solidarity  with  Sweden's  treatli  and  promising  to  maintain  strict  neutrality  in  future'  is  by  the  official  journal  at  Copenhagen.  The  election  of  a  Member  of  Parliament,  for  Lincola!,  took  place  on  Wedne  s  d  ay  .  Major  G.  W.  Sibtho  eldes  t  son  of  the  late  repre  sentat  i  ve,  was  proposed.  No  candidate  being  put  i  n  nomination,  the  Sheriff  declare°  the  gallant  Major  duly  elected.  LONDON,  BRIGHTON,  AND  SOUTH  COAST  The  Board  of  Directors  of  this  railway  have  decided''  upon  recommending  the  payment  of  a  dividend,  for  the'  half  year,  of  £2  IBs.  Od.  per  cent.,  on  the  consolidate)  stock  of  the  company,  making  the  total  dividend  for  tb°  year  1855,  amount  to  5  per  cent.  per  annum.  The  Times  says  While  the  foreign  emissaries  and  press  of  Russia  have  uttered  nothing  but  the  most  pr  e STYLE=superscript  sumptuous  defiance,  the  language  of  the  Emperor  himself  is  mild  and  conciliatory.  He  seems  to  have  appreciated  the  moderation  of  the  terms  proposed  to  hit*  by  the  Allies,  and  to  have  been  willing  to  meet  them  1  a  corresponding  spirit.  If  he  has  not  yielded  all  th  an  has  been  asked  by  the  allies,  he  has  at  least  conceded  sc  .  !  1  much  as  to  render  the  concession  of  the  rest  extreno  l STYLE=superscript  id  probable.  That  last  concession  we  must  have  ;  an.  when  we  consid  er  w  h  at  another  year's  campaign  will  h  e  to  Russia,  we  can  hardly  suppose  that  a  government  , STYLE=superscript  with  the  interests  of  the  country  at  heart,  will  involv  e STYLE=superscript  the  land  in  such  unspeakable  calamities,  with  no  hoP  O STYLE=superscript  orobliging  better  t  erms  ,  and  with  something  very  nea  t STYLE=superscript  a  certainty  of  being  obliged  to  accept  far  cratThe  LondonPust  b  says  d  front  The  government  of  tthe  y  Anil;  maintains  a  ol  and  a  haughty  tone.  1 STYLE=superscript  requires  no  common  assurance  seriously  to  propose  t°  exchange  Kars  against  Sebastopol  and  the  many  point'  we  hold.  Anapa  alone,  or  certainly  Redoubt  Kalelb  would  be  more  than  a  fair  exchange  for  Kars,  yet STYLE=superscript  th  e STYLE=superscript  cabinet  of  St.  Petersburg  seems  to  take  no  account°'  these,  nor  of  Kinburn,  Kertch,  or  Eupatoria,  and  ell  in  the  clause  s  w  hi  ch  she  accepts,  Russia  has  attempt  ed  to  introduce  a  modification,  thoroughly  Russian,  t  hat  i°  ,  open  to  the  most  dangerous  In  pr,  ° STYLE=superscript  ;  viding  for  th  e  neutral  i  zat  i  on  of  the  Black  Sea,  ,  ulti STYLE=superscript  matum  stipulates  that  R  uss  i  a  an  d  Turkey  sht°  1  P,,  engage  th  emselves  to  maintain  only  such  light  vessels  3'  are  necessary  for  the  coas  t  serv  i  ce.  Resides  these  t  1°  0  cabinet  of  St.  Petersburg  wish  to  introduce,  for  tu  t  protection  of  the  N  o  r,  w  h  ere  is  the  need  0 STYLE=superscript  0  protection  in  a  sea  completely  neutralized,  and  ft°  t  which  all  war  navies  are  excluded  ?  It  is  too  evidet  that  if  Russia  were  pe  rm  itt  e  d  b  y  the  letter  of  the  10  1 STYLE=superscript  t STYLE=superscript  establish  light  vessel  s  f  or  th  e  protection  of  her  coasts,  1e  should  soon  see  a  fl  ee  t,  sm4  ll  at  first,  swelling  gradusict  to  dimensions  of  the  most  formidable  character,  at  perchance,  again  necess  i  tat  i  ng  our  protection  for  t  e  coasts  of  her  neighb  our  ,  and  a  fresh  expenditure  of  a°,.  blood  and  _...e  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLIIIEP,  of  21,  Ca  fn STYLE=superscript  l  9  street,  at  his  Gener  a  l  P  r  i  nting  and  Stationery  EstabliaretP  South  John-street,  Liverpool.  FRIDAY,  JANUARY  18,  103@,  GLASGOW/CATTLE.—We  had  the  largest  supply  of  cattle  at  market  to-day  of  the  season.  The  demand  wag  dull  at  a  reduction  on  all  descriptions,  particularly  mid.  dling  and  inferior  qualities.  Sheep  were  not  so  plentiful  as  last  day,  but  sales  were  dull  and  prices  rather  lower.  A  clearance  was  not  effected.  Best  Scotch  beef,  62d;  best  Irish  beef,  6d;  middling,  5-id  to  sid  ;  and  inferior,  42d  to  sd.  Best  black-faced  mutton,  sid  ;  inferior,  5d  per  lb.  Oxen,  1135;  sheep,  3347.  DUBLIN  CATTLE,-_A  good  supply  of  beef  and  mut mutton.  ton. mutton.  Some  fine  stall-fed  cattle  sold  rapidly  at  the  high  rates  lately  current.  Middling  and  inferior  qualities  very  dull  of  sale,  and  prices  variable.  The  pig  market  was  well  supplied,  and  for  heavy  bacon  an  advance  of  2s  per  ewt  was  obtained.  OUTPORTS.  Qneenstown,  Jan.  17 STYLE=superscript  .—Arrived—Lilly  Dale,  Prince  Edward  ',land  —Elliot  Algoa  Bay,  decks  ept—Thomas  ee,  Mauritius—Sir  C.  Napier;Callao,  decks  swat  sw STYLE=superscript  —William  M'Ph  L STYLE=superscript  ie,  Callao—lngiewoodo  ATexandril—Claurti,  Palermo—Rance.  Calcutta—WilliamLudwig,  Foo  Choo  Foo—Clio  Condon,  St.  Michaels—Caliope,  Syria—Ne  ° STYLE=superscript  England,  New  York—Springlock,  Paraiba—Malabar,  Callao,  deckg  swept  —Abel,  from  Inverness,  for  Malta—Tricolor,  from  Liverpool.  for  Calcutta—Czar,  Callao.  Off—Ebbs  Pragh,  Callao,  with  pumps  choked  —San  Domingo,  Trieste.—The  Lelate  was  brought  in  nero  yesterday,  full  of  water,  was  immediately  ran  on  shore,  and  is  floor  sunken.  Belfast,  Jan,  17,—Arrived—Emma,  Cadiz  via  Dublin—  Adrian*  Sophia,  Dordt.  bailed.—Temoras  (s.l,  London.  Kingstown,  Jan.  17 STYLE=superscript  .  — STYLE=superscript  Arrived—Theodore  Behrend,  Dant  gold,  Skyelsker.  Dublin,  Jan.  I7.—Arrived—Gefrin,  Nyborg—Odeni,  London.  Scilly,  Jan.  12.—Arr  ved—Ann,  from  Liverpool  for  Havre.  Greenock,  Jan.  16.—Arrived—Tiger,  Surinham—Corralin,  Ne  lr STYLE=superscript  York.  Jan.  17.—Archibald  M‘Mill  an,  Mauritius—R.  S.  Harrlmaot  Callao."
