text
"LONDON  CORN  MARKET,  YESTERDAY  English  wheat  quiet  at  Monday's  prices.  Foreign  held  firmly—only  a  limited  business  done  at  our  previous  currency.  Floating  cargoes  off  the  coast  of  good  quality  are  scarce  and  in  good  request  at  a  little  concession.  Egyptian  is  held  beyond  the  views  of  buyers.  Indian  Corn  moves  off  steadily,  the  demand  being  equal  to  the  small  supply.  Malting  Barley  steady  at  late  rates;  grinding  and  low  sorts  in  good  request.  Rye  inquired  after  for  the  Continent.  Malt  is  last  noted.  Peas  and  Beans  in  fair  consumptive  demand,  at  full  prices.  Oats  are  more  quiet,  and  the  turn  in  favour  of  buyers.  AMERICA.  ARRIVAL  OF  THE  STEAMERS  GOLDEN  AGE,  AND  ARCTIC.  The  steam-ship  Golden  Age,  Captain  Porter,  which  sailed  from  New  York  on  the  afternoon  of  the  30th  ult.,  and.  the  United  States  mail  steamer  Arctic,  which  left  New  York  on  the  Ist  inst  wrived-  in  the  Merse—  yesterday  r  '  ----eleven  he  passage  in  days  nine  hou:  former  matte  and  the  latter  in  rather  less  than  teu  days  The  Golden  Age  brought  171  passeng(  specie  ;  and  the  Arctic  brought  110  pas  and  241,863  dollars  in  specie.  Tile  steamer  Washington,  from  Southampton,  had  s,  but  no  lengers,  and  the  America,  from  this  )stop.  arrived  at  New  Yorl  port,  had  arrived  at  B  The  Arctic  passed  the  Baltic,  from  Liverpool  to  New.  York,  on  the  2nd  inst.,  at  six  o'clock  p.m.,  about  105  miles  from  Sandy  Hook;  and  on  the  4th,  at  six  o'clock  a.m.,  the  mail.  steamer  Arabia;  in  lat.  42  long.  62.  The  California  mails  have  not  come  forward  by  the  Arctic  as  was  expected  The  advices  from  Washington,  furnish  the  opinion  of  the  President  of  the  •  United  States,  re relative  lative relative  to-  the  Koszta  affair:  The  conclusion  at  which  the  President  has  arrived,  is  that  Koszta,  when  seized  and  imprisoned,  was  arrested  with  the  nationality  of  the  United  States,  and  they  had  there therefore  fore therefore  the  right  if  they  chose  to  exercise  it,  to  extend  '  '  their  proction  to'  him,  that  from  international  law--•--the  only  law  which  can  be  rightfully  appealed  to  for  rules  of  action  in  this  case.  Austria  could  de derive  rive derive  no  authority  to  obstruct  or  interfere  with  the  United  States  in  the  exercise  of  this  right,  in  effect effecting  ing effecting  the  - STYLE=superscript  liberation  of  Koszta  ;  and  that  Captain  Ingraham's  interposition  for  his  release  was,  under  lie  peculiar  and  extraordinary  circumstances  of  'ght  and  proper.  Being  convinced  that  ..znre  and  imprisonment  of  Koszta,  were  illegal  Ind  unjustifiable,  the  President  will  also  decline  to  give  his  consent  to  hiS  delivery  to  the  Consul  General  of  Austria  at  Smyrna  but  on  the  contrary  expects  the  Emperor  of  Austria  will  take  the-Proper  measures  to  return  Koszts,  to  the  same  condition  he  was  in  before  he  was  seized  in  the  streets  of  Smyrna.  This  opinion  had  been  promulgated  in  the  shape  of  a  very  lengthy  despatch  addressed  by  Mr.  Secretary  Marcy,  to  Chevalier  Hulsemann,  the  Austrian  Charge'  d'Affaires  at  Washington.  The  estate  of  the  late  Henry,Clay,  at  Ashland,  was  recently.purchased  by  James  B.  Clay,  son  of  the  deceased  statesman;  'at  the  rate  of  140  dollars  per  acre.  The  property  consisted)  f  -three  hundred  and  thirty--  -  The  N,  the  case,  ri"
