text
"AUSTRALIA.  By  the  Overland  Mail  we  have  received  advices  from  Australia  three  days  later  than  those  received  by  the  Victoria.  The  Cleopatra  steamer,  it  appears,  was  to  sail  early  in  October,  or  simultaneously  with  the  Slianghae,  by  which  the  present  advices  have  reached  England.  We  have  received  a  private  letter  from  Ballarat,  which  The  business  of  the  diggings  proceeds  quietly,  and  I  believe  as  successfully  as  of  late.  Individual  cases  of  fortune  are  not  as  much  talked  of,  but  I  believe  that  this  arises  from  the  fact  that  lucky  parties  do  not  expose  !the  amounts  of  their  yields  as  they  did  when  the  extraordinary  quantities  lately  obtained  first  burst  upon  their  astonished  sight.  late  heavy  rains  have  caused  the  diggers  an  enormous  amount  of  extra  labour,  and  in  fact  it  is  almost  impossible  to  conceive  the  privations  of  comfort,  -and  the  misery  endured  by  those  engaged  in  deep  sinking  during  this  bad  weather.  Hundreds  are  pouring  in  from  all  quarters  ;  we  have  arrivals  from  all  the  other  diggings  and  colonies.  (From  the  Adelaide  South  Australian  Register,  September  29.)  We  publish  to-day  an  amended  summary,  correct corrected  ed corrected  up  to  last  evening,  for  special  transmission  by  the  Shanghae  and  Cleopatra.  In  the  Legislative  Council  yesterday,  Mr.  Hare  drew  attention  to  the  Adelaide  Land  and  Gold  Com Company's  pany's Company's  doings:  Several  members  followed  one  ano another  ther another  in  condemning  the  proceedings  of  this  society,  which  only  found  a  defender  in  Mr.  Neales.  A  motion  was  carried  directing  his  excellency's  atten attention  tion attention  to  the  matter.  The  manifest  of  gold  to  arrive  by  the  next  escort  was  received  at  the  colonial  treasury  yesterday.  This  quantity  is  10,714  oz.  10  dwts.,  contained  in  326  bags.  This  is  considerably  more  than  double  the  quantity  received  by  the  last  escort,  and  may  probably  be  taken  as  the  prelude  to  still  larger  consignments  by  succeeding  opportunities.  We  are  convinced  that  the  diggers  would  readily  pay  one  shilling  per  ounce,  instead  of  sixpence  for  the  carriage  of  their  gold  to  Adelaide;  and  if  this  price  were  fixed  by  the  government  it  would  assist  in  meeting  the  expenses  of  the  escort,  and  perhaps  avert  the  necessity  of  resorting  to  other  means  of  bringing  the  produce  of  SOuth  Australian  labour  here.  The  value  of  the  gold  now  on  the  road  will  be,  in  round  numbers,  about  .Z  40,000.  This  quan quantity  tity quantity  kept  up  monthly  for  twelve  months  would  add  half  a  million  to  our  capital  at  the  end  of  the  year.  The  chance  of  increasing  our  means  to  that  extent  year  by  year  is  not  to  be  despised,  and  we  hope  that  every  possible  effort  consistent  with  propriety  will  be  made  to  maintain  the  escort  in  its  present  state  of  efficiency.  The  arrival  of  the  barque  Caroline,  has  been  anxiously  expected.  The  Caroline  left  Berwick  on  the  15th  of  April,  and  having  put  in  at  Simon's  Bay,  Cape  of  qoud  Hope,  for  supplies,  resumed  her  voyage  thence  on  .the  4th  of  August.  The  passengers  are  the  engineer,  mechanics,  miners,  and  others  engaged  by  the  Strathalbyn  Mining  Company,  and  the  cargo  comprises  a  pumping pumpingengine  engine pumpingengine  of  160  horse  power,  and  a  crushing  engine  of  14  horse,  with  50  tons  of  coals,  the  property  of  the  company.  (From  the  _Melbourne  Argus,  Sept.,  26.)  No  change  of  importance  has  occurred  in  our  markets  since  the  publication  of  our  commercial  report  on  Friday  last.  Gold  has  remained  station stationary  ary stationary  during  the  week,  the  demand  for  shipment  by  the  Victoria  and  the  Roxburgh  Castle  having  kept  the  price  steady  at  3/.  16s.  9d.  until  Saturday,  when  it  fell  to  3/.  16s.  6d.,  purchases  having  been  closed."
