text
"LATEST  INTELLIGENCE.  SECOND  EDITION.  THE  PEACE  PROPOSITIONS  FRANKFORT,  MONDAY,  We  read  in  the  correspondence  of  the  Dresden  Journal  which  possesses  a  semi-official  character,  that  telegraphic  accounts  from  St.  Petersburg  represent  that  the  state  of  negotiations  was  not  altogether  unfavourable,  there  being  no  reason  to  fear  that  Russia  would  peremptorily  refuse  to  take  the  new  peace  proposals  into  serious  consideration.  PRUSSIA,  BERLIN,  MONDAY.  The  House  of  Representatives  has  chosen  the  Tory  Count  Eulenberg  as  its  permanent  President  in  preference  to  Count  Schwerin.  The  numbers  in  the  division  were  191  to  104.  THE  FRENCH  FUNDS.  PARIS,  MONDAY  EVENING  The  transactions  on  the  Bourse  to-day  closed  as  follows  :—Four  and  a  Half  per  Cents,  911  25c.;  Three  per  Cents,  63f  sc.  MADAME  JENNY  LIND  AT  THE  PHILHAR-  (lONIC  HALL-LAST  NIGHT.  The  triumphant  ovation  which  attended  the  re-appear re-appearance,  ance, re-appearance,  on  Friday  night,  of  the  gifted  lady,  whose  fame  is  now  world-wide,  was  revived  last  evening,  when  the  Swedish  Nightingale  was  presented  in  the  Philhar Philharmonic  monic Philharmonic  Hall  as  the  perfect  mistress  of  the  art  of  which  she  has  long  since  been  justly  described  as  the  presiding  goddess.  The  enthusiasm  which  greeted  her,  when  she  so  truthfully  developed  the  genius  of  the  divine  composer  of  the  and  at  the  same  time  dis displayed  played displayed  the  capabilities  of  her  unsurpassed  organ,  naturally  drew  a  crowded  and  elegant  audience,  to  the  same  arena  in  whirl'  she  had  attained  such  musical  achievements.  The  programme  was  well  selected,  and  the  triumphs  of  the  prima  donna  were  indisputable.  Without  presuming  to  enter  upon  a  close  examination  of  the  performances  of  the  Star  of  the  it  may  be  permitted  to  us  to  affix  our  first  adoration  on  Bellini's  recitative  and  aria  from  Beatrice  de  which  enchanted  the  audience.  Her  preceding  rendering  of  Mozart's  rondo  re  with  the  violin  obligato  accompani accompaniment  ment accompaniment  by  Mr.  E.  W.  Thomas,  prepared  the  audience  for  the  luxurious  feast  of  harmonic  skill  which  was  to  follow.  In  the  second  part  a  Recueil  de  Mazourkas  arranged  for  the  voice  and  piano  -forte  was  expressively  given  by  the  fair  vocalist,  and  exquisitely  accompanied  by  M.  Goldschmidt.  The  performance  of  this  portion  of  the  entertainment  was  eulogised  by  the  enunciation  of  a  fair  lady  near  us,  is  not  that  lovely  The  enthusiasm  with  which  these  words  were  expressed  form  the  best  tribute  of  applause  of  the  skill  of  the  artiste  who  drew  them  forth.  In  the  Swedish  melody  known  as  the  Echo  Madame  Goldschmidt  was  more  than  at  home,  and  the  effects  she  produced  were,  indeed,  more  than  wonderful.  To  describe  the  sublirnities  of  vocal  art  which  this  splendid  demonstrator  of  our  first  composers  exhibited  would  fill  our  space.  It  is  enough  to  say  that  this  almost  divine  exponent  realized  all  her  former  triumphs,  and  was  greeted  with,  as  she  deservedly  won,:the  plaudits  of  an  hypercritical  audience.  We  have  only  to  add  that  the  rest  of  the  concert  went  off  smoothly.  Mr.  Robinson  acquitted  himself  to  the  entire  satisfaction  of  the  audience,  and  the  orchestral  arrange arrangements,  ments, arrangements,  under  the  conductorship  of  M.  Benedict,  were  all  that  could  be  desired,  We  have  already  said  that  the  hall  was  crowded  to  excess,  and  it  remains  for:us  only  to  add  that  the  departure  of  those  who  thronged  the  temple  of  song,  was  intermingled  with  the  expressions  of  extreme  delight  in  the  gratification  they  had  experi experienced,  enced, experienced,  and  of  regret—deep  regret  that  the  prospect  of  its  repetition  was  so  distantly—if  not  for  ever  removed.  LONDON  AND  NORTFI•WLsSTERN  RAILWAY.—We  believe  that  the  report  of  the  committee  of  consultation  will  be  presented  to  the  shareholders  about  the  end  of  the  present  month.  THE  CASE  or  Mns.  Wootru.—The  auditors  of  the  county  of  Durham,  in  presenting  the  accounts  the  other  day,  mentioned  that  the  late  prosecution  in  the  great  Burden  poisoning  case  had  cost  the  county  no  less  than  5121.  Gateshead  Observer.  THE  IRON  TRADE.—BIDMINGITAM,  Jan.  s.—The  iron  trade,  according  to  all  authorities,  is  in  a  healthy  state,  and  there  are,  it  is  said,  indications  of  further  prosperity.  Plates  and  sheets  are  in  good  demand,  and  there  is  no  falling  off  for  bars  of  the  first  make.  Prices  now  stand  thus  :—Bars,  hoops,  10/.  ;  and  sheets,  IU.  per  ton  ;  and  there  is  little  doubt  that  these  quotations  will  be  confirmed  at  the  quarterly  meetings  to  be  held  in  Bir Birmingham,  mingham, Birmingham,  Wolverhampton,  and  other  places,  during  the  ensuing  week.  It  is  not  often  that  the  iron  trade  sets  in  s  o  favourably  at  the  commencement  of  a  year.  EXTENSIVE  ROBBERY  AT  LEEDS.—EarIy  on  Friday  morning,  the  warehouse  of  Messrs.  Woodhouse  and  Sons,  cloth  merchants,  Aire-street,  Leeds,  was  entered  by  bur burglars,  glars, burglars,  and  twenty-tnree  ends  of  cloth  of  various  descrip descriptions  tions descriptions  taken  away.  The  warehouse  is  situate  on  the  banks  of  the  Aire,  and  it  is  conjectured  that  the  burglars  must  have  forced  the  premises  by  the  river  entrance—crossing  the  water  in  a  boat  for  that  purpose—and  smashed  in  the  winpow  overlooking  the  river,  The  booty  was  so  heavy  and  bulky  that  the  police  entertained  reasonable  doubts  as  to  the  practicability  of  its  removal;  and  on  making  further  investigations,  the  whole  parcel  was  found  con concealed  cealed concealed  under  a  railway  arch,  a  little  distance  from  the  warehouse.—Manchester  Guardian.  THE  SOUTHAMPTON  MURDER.—The  execution  of  the  last  sentence  of  the  law  upon  Abraham  Baker,  the  young  man  convicted  at  the  last  Winchester  assizes  of  the  murder  of  Naomi  Kingswell  at  Southampton,  has  been  postponed  until  this  morning.  It  was  to  have  taken  place  on  Satur Saturday  day Saturday  morning  last,  but  a  previous  engagement  made  by  Calcraft,  the  executioner,  prevented  his  attendance.  Baker  attended  div'ne  service  at  the  prison  chapel  on  the  Sunday  after  Christmas-day,  when  what  is  called  the  condemned  was  preached  by  the  chaplain.  The  wretched  man  eats  his  meals  regularly,  and  sleeps  soundly.  During  the  past  week  he  expressed  a  desire  to  see  Mrs.  Poynder  (his  late  mistress),  and  that  lady  came  up  from  Southampton  to  see  him.  In  consequence  of  a  similar  wish,  the  incumbent  of  St.  John's  Newport,  has  also  visited  him;  but  the  nature  of  the  communications  be  made  at  these  interviews  has  not  transpired.—Hang'  s  Independent.  )3ESPARATE  ATTEMPT  TO  ESCAPE  FROM  JAIL.—John  Williams,  alias  Goodenough,  who  was  convicted  at  the  recent  rvinter  assizes  for  this  county  of  burglary,  at  Hat Hatfield,  field, Hatfield,  and  sentenced  to  fifteen  years'  transportation,  recently  made  a  desperate  attempt  to  escape  from  the  jail  at  Hertford.  The  warder,  while  on  his  rounds  at  night,  heard  a  noise  in  one  of  the  cells,  and  on  proceeding  to  Goodenongh's  and  looking  through  the  small  inspect inspecting  ing inspecting  glass  in  the  door,  observed  him  busily  engaged  at  the  window  of  his  cell.  He  had  already  removed  the  sash,  and  was  endeavouring  to  loosen  the  iron  bars.  Assistance  having  been  procured,  the  cell  door  was  opened,  and  the  convict  confronted.  He  stood  like  a  bull  at  bay  — STYLE=superscript  desperate  and  dangerous.  Having  been  ironed,  he  became  almost  frantic,  and  threatened  to  destroy  him himself;  self; himself;  and  the  means  of  self-destruction  having  been  care carefully  fully carefully  put  out  of  his  reach,  ho  resolutely  refused  food,  having  determined  on  starving  himself.  For  sixty  hours  he  persisted  in  this  resolution,  when  an  order  came  for  his  removal  to  Millbank.  He  then,  for  the  first  time,  faltered,  and  accepted  the  food  offered  him.  He  was  removed  in  irons.—Hertford  Mercury.  FIRES  IN  LONDON  :  Loss  OF  Two  LIVES.'—  Yesterday  London  Fire  Brigade  and  West  of  England  engines  were  engaged  in  attending  numerous  fires.  The  first  fire  broke  out  on  the  premises  of  Mr.  L.  Osske,  chandler,  Great  Alie Aliestreet,  street, Aliestreet,  Goodman's-fields,  which  was  not  extinguished  until  the  shop,  parlour,  and  staircase  were  burnt  out,  and  the  rest  of  the  dwelling  considerably  damaged  ;  cause  unknown.  The  loss  will  fall  on  the  Royal  Exchange.  A  second  fire  broke  cut  at  Mrs.  Sarah  Skate's,  Kent  street,  Borough,  which  terminated  fatally  to  Mrs.  Sarah  Skate,  aged  76  years.  It  is  supposed  th  a  t  a  re  d  h  o  t  coa  l  fell  out  of  the  fire  on  her  dress.  A  third  fire  broke  out  at  the  London  Parcels  Delivery  Company,  Rolls  -buildings,  Fetter-lane.  The  fire  was  discoveied  raging  in  the  counting  house  on  the  first  floor,  which  was  burnt  o  .t,  and  the  part  of  the  roof  destroyed  ;  cause  unknown.  Owing  to  the  timely  arrival  of  the  fire  engines,  great  loss  of  property  was  prevented.  Another,  attended  with  loss  of  life,  occurred  at  Mr.  J.  All  en  '  s,  Marylebone-lane.  The  fire  broke  out  in  the  third  floor  back  ;  a  fine  boy  named  Wallis  Watson,  aged  six  years,  was  burned  to  death  ;  cause  unknown.  Lastly,  a  fire  broke  out  at  Mrs.  Ellen  Isaac's,  Golden-lan  e  ,  St.  Luke's,  marine  store  dealer.  The  flames  nearly  destroyed  the  house;  contents  insured  in  the  Sun  ;  cause  unknown,"
