text
"receipt  for  what  he  paid  ;  so  that  the  door  was  open  to  fraud,  and  in  many  instances  such  frauds  had  been  committed,  in  consequence  of  the  custom-house  authorities  refusing  to  give  any  receipt  for  post  entries.  He  thought,  however,  that  one  might  very  fairly  refuse  to  pay  any  amount  over  £5,  unless  he  got  a  receipt,  and  so  place  them  in  a  fix.  A  lengthened  desultory  discussion  took  place  on  this  sub subject,  ject, subject,  but  no  resolution  was  come  to.  It  having  been  here  announced  that  the  general  business  was  concluded,  the  reporters  left  ;  but  we  -  have  been  in informed  formed informed  that,  in  their  absence,  other  important  matter,  and  of  a  public  nature,  was  introduced.  Mr.  Evans,  we  have  heard,  strongly  commented  on  such  a  proceeding,  and  his  protest  was  fully  concurred  in  and  supported  by  more  than  one  member  of  the  committee.  Among  the  matter  so  introduced  was  an  offer  from  Mr.  A.  B.  Smith,  of  59  acres  of  land  at  Seacombe,  at  25s  the  square  yard.  Considerable  discussion  took  place  on  this  subject,  and  it  was  long  debated,  whether  the  offer  should  be  for formally  mally formally  and  conclusively  declined,  or  a  reason  stated,  so  as  to  keep  the  negotiation  open.  The  offer  was  declined.  Another  subject  of  discussion  was  the  question  of  appro appropriation  priation appropriation  of  land  on  the  West-side  of  the  Prince's  dock,  for  a  landing-stage  for  sea-going  steamers,  the  land  being  intended,  we  believe,  in  the  first  instance,  for  warehouses.  Mr.  Turner,  Mr.  Lockett,  and  another  member  of  the  committee  were  appointed  on  a  previous  occasion,  to  hold  an  interview  on  the  subject  with  the  committee  of  the  town  council.  They  had  accordingly  held  an  interview  ;  Mr.  Cubitt,  of  London,  being  present  to  assist  them  with  his  professional  advice.  Mr.  R.  GLADSTONE  complained  that  the  corporation  should  be  put  to  the  expense  of  bringing  Mr.  Cubitt  down  from  London  to  determine  a  matter  which  the  engineer  of  the  docks  was  as  competent  to  deal  with  as  any  man."
