text
"THE  PRESTON  STRIKE,  APPEALS  AGAINST  CONVICTIONS  FOR  INTIMIDA-  TION  The  Court  house  of  Preston  was  densely  crowded  on  Saturday  last  with  - STYLE=superscript  people  aniious  to  hear  a  series  of  appeals,  by  factory  operatives  against  convictions  by  the  Borough  bench,  for  various  acts  of  intimidation  committed  during  the  present  agitation.  Additional  interest  was  imparted  to  the  proceedings  by  the  fact  that  Mr.  Sergeant  Wilkins  had  been  specially  retained  on  behalf  of  the  appellants.  Mr.  Aston,  of  Preston.,  was  the  learned  Sergeant's  junior.  The  council  for  the  respondents  were,  Mr.  Segar  and  Mr.  Whig_  ham  7  Mr.  T.  B.  Addison,  chairman  of  the  Court,  presided,  several  other  magistrates  being  in  attendance.  The  first  case  called  on  was  that  of  Henry  Holmes,  whose  appearance  at  the  l  ar  excited  considerable  surprise,  he  being  a  very  diminutive  boy,  apparently  of  about  ten  years  old,  while  the  prosecutrix  was  a  stout-looking  young  woman  upwards  of  20.  -r STYLE=superscript  ln  Compliance  with  the  request  of  Mr.  Sergeant  Wilkins,  those  Magistrates  on  the  bench  connected.  with  the  cotton  manufacture  retired.  _  Mr.  SEGAR,  stated  that  the  case  against  Holmes  was  laid  under  the  3rd  section  of  the  statute  6th  Geo.  IV.,  and  the  specific  offence  was  that  of  obstructing  and  using  violence  to  Mary  Leonard,  a  person  employed  in  the  cotton  manufacture,  to  compel  her  to  contribute  to  a  fund  for  the  purpose  of  obtaining  an  increase  of  wages  for  all  persons  employed  in  the  manufacture  of  cotton.  The  facts  of  the  case  were  very  short.  It  appeared  that  the  prosecutrix,  Mary  Leonard,  was  employed  at  the  factory  of  Mr.  Hawkins,  in  Preston,  and  had  contributed  for  some  time  to  the  Weavers'  Union;  but  on  the  10th  Sep.,  she  omitted  to  pay  her  contribution.  This  became  known  amongst  the  hands  on  the  following  Monday,  and  as  she  retired  from  her  work  in  the  evening,  a  crowd  assembled,  hooted  her,  assaulted  her,  tore  her  apparel,  and  chased  her  about  the  streets  for  a  couple  of  hours.  Now  the  defendant,  it  would  be  proved,  was  one  who  took  an  active  part  in  that  transaction  ;  it  was  true  that  the  defen defendant  dant defendant  was  a  very  young  person,  but  he  was  old  enough  to  know  what  he  was  about  ;  and  the  bench  were  doubtless  aware  that  these  offences  were  for  the  most  part  perpetrated  by  juveniles,  set  to  work  or  instigated  by  older  people,  that  in  fact,  they  were  excited  and  stimulated  to  commit  such  offences  by  their  seniors  :  (to  the  appellant,  who  was  at  the  bar)  and  down  my  boy  Mr.  Sergent  WILKINS  :  I  would  rather  he  would  stand  where  he  is,  so  that  we  can  see  what  a  formidable  fellow  he  is.  (Laughter),  Mary  Leonard  deposed,  that  in  the  mouth  of  September  last  she  worked  at  Mr.  Hawkin's  mill,  where  she  had  been  employed  for  about  twelve  months,  as  a  weaver.  Previously  to  Saturday,  the  4th  September,  she  subscribed  to  the  Trades'  union—first  ld,  then  2d,  and  then  6d  per  week.  Remembered  Monday,  the  12th  of  September,  when  a  dis disturbance  turbance disturbance  took  place.  Had  not  paid  anything  to  the  union  the  Saturday  before.  She  had  contributed  previously.  The  name  of  the  collector  was  something;  she  did  not  know  his  other  name.  He  used  to  come  round  every  .  S Saturday,  aturday, Saturday,  and  she  subscribed  to  the  funds  for  seven  or  eight  weeks.  Paid  the  money  for  the  support  of  the  weavers  who  had  turned  out  for  an  advance  of  wages.  About  six  o'clock  in  the  evening  of  the  12th  Sept.,  there  were  many  people  at  the  gates  of  the  factory—men  and  women,  lads  and  lasses  ;  and  when  she  attempted  to  leave  her  work,  this  crowd  of  people  began  shouting,  calling  .  her  and  saying  she  had  not  paid  to  the  union  on  the  Saturday.  They  shoved  her  along  with  their  hands  into  Tenior-street  ;  and  she  tried  to  get  into  a  public  house,  but  the  door  was  shut  against  her.  They  pursued  into  Adelphi-street,  and  she  took  refuge  in  the  shop  of  Mrs.  Crook.  She  was  followed  into  the  yard  by  the  mob,  who  kept  hooting  her.  She  went  into  the  privy,  which  was  surrounded  by  her  pursuers,  who  forced  open  the  door,  and  ejected  her.  They  then  followed  her  down  Byrom-street,  where  she  was  felled  to  the  ground  once  or  twice.  'Did  not  know  who  knocked  her  down.  Her  dress  was  torn  in  that  street.  She  next  went  towards  the  Moss  factory,  near  to  which  she  took  refuge  in  a  cottage  house,  but  was  expelled  in  consequence  of  somebody  being  ill.  The  crowd  pursued  her  through  various  other  streets;  until  she  was  rescu2d  by  two  men  and  escorted  home  ;  whither  also  the  mob  followed  her,  hooting,  and  calling  her  a  They  said  she  was  a  four-loom  weaver,  and  had  never  paid  more  than  a  penny.  Had  only  missed  paying  on  one  Saturday.  Said  if  they  would  fetch  the  col collector  lector collector  she  would  show  them  whether  she  would  pay  or  not.  Her  dress,  bonnet,  and  petticoat  were  all  torn,  and  she  was  knocked  down  three  or  four  times  altogether.  Mr.  Sergeant  Wirairtis  :  You  were  examined  before  the  magistrates,  you  know  ;  and—now  don't  nod  at  me  ;  we  are  not  acquainted.  (Laughter.)  Who  told  you  to  say  anything  to-day  about  the  crowd  charging  you  with  not  hav having  ing having  paid  your  subscription  ?  Mr.  SEGAR  objected  to  the  form  of  the  question.  His  friend  assumed  that  somebody  had  told  the  witness  some-  thing.  Mr.  Sergeant  WILKINS  :  Well,  has  nobody  told  you  that  when  you  came  before  the  court,  you  were  to  state  that  the  crowd  charged  you  with  not  having  paid  on  Saturday,  the  10th  ?—No.  Why,  did  you  say  one  single  word  about  it  before  ?—Yes.  Wm.  Tou  sw_ar  that?  Telco  oaro  what  you  are  about,  young  woman.  Did  you  say,  when  you  were  before  the  magistrates,  that  the  people  in  the  mob  said  one  word  to  you  about  your  money  ?--Yes.  Do  you  mean  to  swear  that  ?  I  have  got  your  evidence,  so  take  care.  Did  you  say  a  single  word  before  the  magistrates  about  the  people  in  the  crowd  having  charged  you  with  not  paying  your  money  ?—No.  (Sensation.)  Now,  I  ask  you  if  you  were  not  directed  to  tell  the  court  here  that  the  crowd  charged  you  with  not  paying  money  ?—No.  How  many  times  have  you  seen  the  lawyer  ?—I  don't  know.  A  dozen  ?—No.  Ten  ?—No;  two  or  three  times.  Have  you  seen  him  half halfa-dozen  a-dozen halfa-dozen  times  ?—I  can't  say.  Did  you  see  him  yesterday  ?  —Yes.  Where  ?  At  his  own  house.  How  long  were  you  with  him  ?—A  few  minutes.  Did  he  write  down  what  you  said  ?—Yes.  Although  you  had  given  your  evidence  before.  What  do  you  understand  by  the  term  Knobstick  One  who  under-works  other  people.  Look  at,  this  gentleman  here,  (pointing  to  the  boy  Holmes,  amid  laughter,)  did  you  see  him  at  all  ?  Yes  ;  I  saw  him  the  day  I  was  followed  by  the  crowd.  I  live  with  my  mother  and  sister.  I  was  ren rendered  dered rendered  unable  to  work  for  a  fortnight.  I  could  walk  about,  but  not  work.  My  leg  got  injured  by  a  fall  when  I  was  knocked  down.  William  Stewart,  aged  12,  was  the  next  witness.  He  said—l  know  Mr.  Crook's  house  ;  the  yard  belonging  to  it  is  next  but  one  to  our  yard.  I  remember  Monday  evening,  the  12th  September.  After  the  factories  had  loosed,  I  saw  a'  great  crowd  in  Crook's  yard.  Saw;  the  last  witness  go  into  a  privy  there.  The  crowd  hooted  her,  and  forced  open  the  door.  Saw  Holmes,  the  appellant,  there  ;  he  was  on  the  top  of  the  door,  trying  to  open  it.  The  witness  cor corroborated  roborated corroborated  the  prosecutrix  relative  to  her  persecution  by  the  crowd.  Holmes  shouted  Hoo,  but  witness  did  not  hear  him  say  anything  else.  Saw  him  attempt  to  leg  prosecutrix  down.  Heard  the  woman  called  a  Knobstick  many  a  time.  She  said  if  they  would  let  her  go,  she  would  pay  one  shilling  the  next  Saturday,  Mr  Sergt.  Wira  TiNs.  —Well,  my  [little  man,  you  were  in  the  crowd  ?—I  was  watching  them.  I  work  in  the  factory,  and  had  been  at  my  employment  that  day.  You  did  not  shout  at  all  ?—No.  Who  told  you  what  to  say  before  the  magistrate  ?—Nobody.  What  !  did  you.  not  say  before  the  magistrate  that  a  policeman  told  you  ?—Yes  :  he  said  if  we  would  tell  all  we  knew  we  should  be  let  off.  (Cheers  by  the  spectators.)  Who  are  and  me.  When  was  Giffoi  - STYLE=superscript  d  with  you  ?—When  the  policeman  fetched  us.  You  never  stated  before  th  7  magistrate  about  the  woman's  offer  to  pay  a  shilling  on  the  Saturday  :  how  came  you  to  forget  that  ?—I  don't  know.  Did  that  policeman  tell  you  to  say  it  to-day  ?—No.  Who  did  ?—No  one.  Have  you  been  to  the  lawyer  ?—Yes  ;  two  or  three  times.  How  many  times  have  you  told  your  story  . STYLE=superscript  ?—I  don't  know  how  many  times,  Now  when  you  were  before  the  magistrate,  did  you  say  one  single  word  about  Holmes  having  tried  to  leg  that  young  woman  down  ?—I  think  I  did.  I  don't  know  whether  I  did  or  not.  I  knew  Holmes  before  ;  he  lived  in  the  same  street.  Mr.  SEGAR.—That  is  the  ease.  Mr.  Sergeant  ;WILKINS,  then  rose  and  addressed  the  Court  on  behalf  of  the  appellants.  He  said  :  Certainly  I  have  been  powerfully  reminded  of  an  old  story  I  once  heard  when  a  boy,  by  the  circumstances  connected  with  this  ap appeal.  peal. appeal.  It  is  said,  once  on  a  time,  when  a  boy,  the  same  age  as  that  boy,  was  walking  by  the  road  side,  he  encountered  a  flock  of  geese,  and  the  gander  gave  him  a  nip  in  the  leg.  He  stood  for  a  long  time  shaking  his  head  at  the  gander,  but  at  last  he  kicked  •  one  of  the  goslings,  and  the  man  who  was  driving  the  geese  said  you  young  fool,  why  did  you,  kick  the  gosling  and  the  answer  was,  wha  did  uz  fay  -  ther  beite  me  (Great  laughter.)  I  have  been  power  fully  reminded  of  that  story,  by  the  dignified  proceedings  which  I  presume  the  masters  of  the  town  of  Prtaton  had  taken  with  reference  to  the  present  state  of  things  in  this  important  district.  I  am  not  going  to  say  one  word  in  aggravation,  either  on  the  one  side  or  on  the  other,  be because  cause because  every  worthy  citizen  must  be  most  anxious  that  the  parties  who  are  now  at  variance  should  be  brought  together,  and  both  of  them  should  make  mutual  concession  as  well  for  the  individual  as  for  the  aggregate  weal;  and,  therefore,  I  should  be  ashamed  of  myself,  because  I  don't  understand  this  complicated  question  at  issue  between  the  masters,  and  those  whom  they  employ—l  would  be  ashamed  of  myself  in  my  ig ignorance  norance ignorance  of  the  present  complicated  state  of  the  question  to  decide  who  is  wrong  or  who  is  right.  Nor  will  I  say  one  single  word  that  would  tend  to  produce  an  angry  disposition  either  on  the  one  side  or  on  the  other,  but  I  cannot  help  thinking  whoever  advised  this  prosecution  in  the  first  instance  acted  with  a  great  deal  more  zeal  than'  discretion.  Because,  here  they  have  elected  out  three  per:  sons—they  may  have  been  engaged  no  doubt  on  a  particular  day,  illegally  engaged  in  interfering  with.  other  parties  in  the  discharge  of  their  duties—  they  have  selected  out  a  child  tp  meet  a  charge  which  he  cannot  understand  and  in  order  to  meet  the  purpose  of  this  pro prosecution  secution prosecution  they  have  given  him  credit  for  discrimination  and  powers  of  mind  which  belong  to  few,  even  of  a  more  advanced  age  than  himself.  Let  me  invite  attention  to  the  conviction,  and  submit  to  you  they  have  made  out  no  case  so  far  as  this  conviction  is  itself  concerned.  The  learned  sergeant  here  read  the  conviction,  directing  particular  at attention  tention attention  to  the  following  part  of  it,  On  account  of  the  said  Mary  Leonard  not  having  contributed  to  the  common  fund  to  obtain  an  advance  of  wages;  to  wit,  on  account  of  the  said  Mary  Leonard  not  having  contributed  on  the  10th  Sotember,--1858,  to  a  - STYLE=superscript  certain  'common  fand  - STYLE=superscript  to  obtain  an  advance  of  wages  of  workpeople  employed  in  the  manufac-"
