text
"THE  AUSTRIAN  PEACE  PROPOSALS  RUSSIA'S  ACCEPTANCE  OF  THE  PEACE  PROPOSITIONS.  Pact  of  voc.o  contained  th  we  have  now  gained  a  great  point.  The  Austrian  proposals—all  five—are  accepted,  and  Russia  is  there therefore  fore therefore  implicitly  bound  by  them.  The  public  will  learn  this  with  satisfaction.  The  funds  rise  with  the  hopes  of  peace,  and  the  next  step  is  eagerly  inquired  after  and  looked  forward  to.  When  and  where  are  negoJia  tions  to  be  secured,  upon  the  'basis  now  agreed  to,  is  a  question  universally  asked.  It  is  of  much  importance  that  it  should  be  rightly  understood,  that  the  pro proceedings  ceedings proceedings  which  have  had  so  happy  an  issua,  by  deter— determining  mining determining  Russia  to  make  large  and  important  concessions,  is  an  Austrian  proceeding,  and  that  the  five  proposals,  as  accented  by  Russia,  do  not  contain  on  the  face  of  them  all  that  the  Western  Powers  deem  necessary  for  the  safe  entrance  upon  negotiations.  When  the  Cabinet  of  Vienna  applied  to  Eim,land  and  France,  to  know  the  terms  upon  which  they  would  consent  to  make  peace  with  Russia,  a  direct  and  distinct  reply  was  given.  Upon  that  reply  Austria  founded  the  proposals  which  Russia  has  accepted,  but  she  has  not  represented  to  the  Czar  the  full  and  exact  tenor  of  our  demands.  It  would  not  be  proper  in  us  to  enter  upon  a  discussion,  before  the  preliminaries  have  been  arranged  so  clearly  and  unmistakeably,  that  Russia,  on  the  one  hand,  may  not  have  it  in  her  power  to  pretend  that  we  entrapped  her  into  negotiations  without  making  her  fully  aware  of  their  importance,  nor  we,  on  the  oilier,  be  open  to  the  manoeuvres  of  the  adroit  diplomacy  which  has  already,  in  former  instances,  confused  our  diplomatists  to  our  disadvantage.  In  the  Austrian  proposals,  the  name  of  the  Aland  Islands  is  never  mentioned  ;  but,  nevertheless,  we  believe  it  will  be  found  that  Lord  Clarendon  had  emphatically  stated  to  the  Cabinet  of  Vienna,  that  we  must  insist  upon  Russia's  binding  herself  not  to  rebuild  Bomarsund.  This  resolve,  justifiable  on  the  ground  of  military  success,  and  requisite  as  a  matter  of  high  import  to  the  well-being  of  Europe,  becomes  impera imperative,  tive, imperative,  when  it  is  remembered  that  we  have  only  recently  concluded  an  alliance  with  Sweden,  and  that  it  is  our  bounden  duty  not  to  leave  our  Ally  at  the  mercy  of  Russia,  nor  permit  the  re-erection  of  a  large  and  menacing  fortress  within  100  miles  of  Stockholm.  Under  these  circumstances,  then,  it  will  be  the  d  uty  of  the  belligerents,  before  negociations  can  be  entered  upon,  to  signify  their  intentions  to  Russia,  and  to  require  her  acceptance  of  proposals  totally  free  from  the  possibility  of  misinterpretation.  These  proposals,  we  trust,  will  have  the  support  of  Austria  and  the  German  Powers,  and  will,  we  are  confident,  meet  with  acceptance  at  St.  Petersburg,  if  Russia  be  now  really  active  to  her  own  interests,  and  anxious  for  the  welfare  of  Europe.  If  they  are  accepted,  then  negociations  will  follow,  but  not  at  Vienna,  nor  Paris,  nor  London.  All  prelimi preliminaries  naries preliminaries  being  once  adjusted,  some  fit  place  will  be  appointed  for  the  conduct  of  the  conference.  In  the  meanwhile,  we  must  keep  our  energies  braced  up,  and  relax  not  one  iota  of  the  prodigious  exertions  that  are  being  made  for  the  spring  campaign.  This,  we  are  convinced,  is  the  soul  of  successful  negotiations.  The  Times  concludes  a  long  article  in  the  fol  lowing  words  :  Now,  then,  if  ever  in  the  course  of  the  war,  it  is  necessary  to  push  on  those  preparations  which  are  re required  quired required  for  the  efficacy  of  our  sea  and  land  forces  in  the  next  campaign  :  Never  before  was  that  necessity  so  urgent—never  would  the  effect  of  any  remissness  be  so  immediately  felt.  We  have  the  goal  in  sight,  and  that  ought  to  induce  us  rather  to  double  than  remit  our  exertions.  By  observing  this  line  of  conduct,  we  shall  either  have  gained  the  noblest  victory—a  solid  and  last lasting  ing lasting  peaoe—or  be  in  a  position  to  inspire  those  who  shall  have  withheld  it  from  us,  with  a  still  more  durable  repentance.  WILLIAM  PALMER,  THE  ALLEGED  POISONER.  -011  MOH MOHday  day MOHday  list  an  application  was  made  to  Mr.  Justice  Erie  for  a  writ  of  habeas  corpus  to  bring  the  accusel  Palmer  from  Stafford  gaol  to  the  Court  of  Queen's  Bench  at  Westmin Westminster.  ster. Westminster.  to  appear  as  a  vvitnesss  on  the  trial  of  an  action  brought  by  a  person  named  Padmore  against.  Mrs.  Palme*,  the  mother  of  the  accused,  upon  a  bill  of  exchange  for  b STYLE=superscript  t  to  £lOOO.  The  bill  is  a  ll  eged  to  be  a  f  o  rgery.  Palmer's  presence  is  requi  re  d  t  o  prove  the  plea  of  forgery,  i  t  b  e  i  ng  understood  he  w  ill  prove  that  plea.  The  ha  b  eas  corpus  was  issued  up  on  t  h  e  order  of  Mr.  Just  i  ce  E  r  l  e  ,  an  d  t  h  e  b  h  r  a  o  b  u  e  g  a  h  s  t  si  u  g  p  ne  i  d  n  by  pu  A  r  l  s  r  u  .  a  J  n  u  e  s  e  ti  o  ge  f  C  ti  o  le  leri  w  c  r  ig  it  e  :  and  P STYLE=superscript  on  a STYLE=superscript  c  line STYLE=superscript  v  r STYLE=superscript  e  w STYLE=superscript  y  d  i STYLE=superscript  Westminster  Hall  early  on  Monday  morning  to  await  the  trial,  which  has  been  specially  appointed  to  be  taken  at  eleven  o'clock  on  Monday  morning,  before  Mr.  Justice  Erle.  The  trial  will  take  place  in  the  Lord  Chancellor's  Court  at  'Westminster  Hall.  At  the  conclusion  of  his  evidence  Palmer  c  ill  be  conveyed  hack  to  Stafford.  The  trial  of  Palmer  will  take  place  at  Stafford  in  the  first  week  of  April.  It  appears  from  the  spring  circuit  of  judges  just  issued  that  he  will  he  tried  by  the  new  jailge,  Mr.  Baron  Bramwell,  as  Mr.  Justice  Cresswell,  vvho  accompanies  him  on  the  Oxford  circuit,  will  take  the  nisi  Arius  cases  at  Stafford."
