text
"WEST  DERI3Y  GVAIIDIANS.  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  this  board  was  held  at  the  board-room,  Mill-Jane,  yesterday.  The  Rev.  W.  Badnall,  presided.  The  other  guardians  present  were—Measrs.  EdWards,  Shaw,  Siddeley,  Roberts;  Abrahams,  J.  Harrison,  Lunt,  Pitts,  Morris,  Birch,  and  Wensley.  OFFICIAL  RETURNS  The  Master  of  the  Hospital  reported  that  last  week  there  were  144  patients  in  that  establishment,  since  when  twelve  had  been  admitted,  and  the  same  number  discharged  :  there  had  been  no  deaths;  leaving  this  week  113  patients.  and  for  the  corresponding  week  of  last  year  there  were  only  78,  shnwing  an  increase  this  week  of  38.  The  Master  of  the  Workhouse  reported  that  last  week  there  were  704  paupers  in  the  house,  since  which  36  had  been'admitted,  and  1  born;  33  discharged,  and  4  deaths;  leaving  this  week  the  same  number,  704,  For  the  corres corresponding  ponding corresponding  week  of  last  year  there  were  703  paupers  in  the  wcrkhot  Cheat  the  ou  ofAceti  s  to  the  amount  of  £217,  for  the  *maintenance  of  )or  poor,  were  voted  to  the  respective  relieving  connected  with  POOR-LAW  BOARD  INSTIIIICTIONS  the  attention  ort:from  the  Poor-Law  Commission,  of  this  board  to  the  provisions  of  a  stsession,  which  provided  for  the  education  of  the  young  child  f  poor  persons,  who  are  relieved  out  of  the  workhouse,  and  which  enacted,  that  the  guardians  of  any  union,  or  any  parish  in  .England  wherein  the  relief  is  administered  by  the  board  of  guardians,  may  grant  relief  for  the  purpoee  of  enabling  any  poor  person  lawfully  relieved  out  of  the  workhouse,  to  provide  education  for  any  child  of  such  person,  between  the  ages  of  four  and  sixteen,  in  any  school  to  be  approved  of  by  them,  for  such  time,  and  under  such  conditions,  as  they  shall  see  fit.  In  consequence  of  the  great  number  of  abandoned  cha characters,.  racters,. characters,.  most  of  them  near  their  confinement,  it  was  decided,  on  the  motion  of  Mr.  Shaw,  seconded  by  Mr.  Harrison,  that  one,  named  Garnett,  should,  when  sufficiently  recovered,  be  taken  before  the  magistrates  and  punished  as  such.  It  wac  stated  that  this  woman  had  had  no  less  than  seven  illegitimate  children,  five  of  whom  were  alive.  In  answer  to  the  chairman,  Mr.  Harrison  stated  that  the  overseers  of  Toxteth-park  woull  be  ready  on  the  following  day  to  pay  a  portion  of  their  call  for  the  rates  then  in  arrears.  All  the  other  townships  had  paid  up  their  calls.  The  Chairman  drew  the  attention  of  the  board  to  the  nuMber  of  abandoned  women  then  in  the  house.  Far  years  it  bad  been  a  source  of  much  regret  that  such  a  state  of  things  should  be,  and  he  conceived  that  they  would  not  be  doing  their  duty  if  they  did  not  take  so  me  s  t  eps  to  c  h  eck  the  growing  evil.  y STYLE=superscript  What  he  wanted  was  to  have  the  worst  of  those  characters  kept  by  themselves,  and  if  possible  placed  on  a  different  diet,  for  he  was  sure  that  it  was  exceedingly  improper  that  such  characters  should  be  placed  with  the  more  respectable  persons.  He  hoped  the  board  would  take  the  matter  up  immediately.  Mr.  Shaw  and  Mr.  Harrison  echoed  the  sentiments  expressed  by  the  rev.  chairman.  A  brief  conversation  followed,  in  the  course  of  which  the  Master  of  the  Workhouse  intimated  that  he  had  a  plan  by  which  a  better  state  of  classification  might  be  adopted,  and  the  committee  were  requested  to  see  what  the  arrangements  were,  and  report  thereon  at  next  meeting.  The  board  soon  after  adjourned.  KIRXDALE  SE  S  STONS.--YESTERDAY  The  business  of  these  sessions  was  resumed  at  the  Court-house  yesterday  morning,  at  ten  o'clock.  JOSEPH  PoLLocK,  Esq.,  Judge  of  the  County  Court,  presided.  The  following  magistrates  were  on  the  bench—Messrs.  Harden,  Hall,  R.  E.  Harvey,  Thompson,  Greene,  Campbell,  Hodgson,  Theakstone.  Preston,  and  Allcord.  The  magistrates  did  not  assemble  for  some  time  after  the  hour  appointed,  being  engaged,  as  it  was  understood,  in  selecting  a  chairman  for  the  day,  in  consequence  of  Sir  Thomas  Birch  having  decidedly  refused  to  accept  the  chairmanship  of  the  session,  to  which  he  was  by  some  ardent  friends  elected  on  the  previous  day,  notwithstand notwithstanding  ing notwithstanding  that  he  had,  both  by  letter  and  in  person,  refused  to  occupy  that  position,  sllould  he  be  elected.  After  the  usual  legal  formalities  had  been  disposed  of,  the  following  gentlemen  were  selected  as  THE  GRAND  JURY.  Alexander  Coghin,  broker,  Huskisson-street,  foreman.  Robert  Cook,  hatter.  Liverpool.  William  Carbett,  tailor,  Lord-street.  Samuel  C.  Cowan,  tea  merchant,  North  John-street.  Thomas  W.  Cookson,  wine  merchant,  Alfred-street.  James  Jack,  engineer,  Kirkdale.  William  Jones,  gentleman,  Kirkdale.  Peter  Maddox,  shipowner.  Kirkdale.  Rote  .t  ll.  Elroy,  cooper,  Kirkdale.  Henry  V.  Lewis,  professor,  800  le.  John  Collinson,  draper,  Ormskirk.  John  Holcreft,  farmer,  Ormskirk.  Thomas  Ball,  draper,  Southport.  Henry  Burwell,  bazaar-keeper,  Southport.  James  Blackhouse,  miller,  Southport.  George  Darwell,  yeoman,  Southport.  Thomas  Evans,  innkeeper,  Liverpool.  James  Carson,  tobacconist.  Liverpool.  Frederick  Hill  Cumming.  druegist.  Southport.  Willi  •ni  Bell,  yeoman,  North  Meals.  W.l  iarn  Nimes,  boa-ding-house  keeper.  Ormskirk.  Wi  liam  Higginbottom  Gartside,  ormskirk.  William  Eastty,  auctioneer,  Ormskirk.  The  above  gentlemen  having  been  sworn,  The  Chairman  said—Gentlemen  of  the  jury  :  In  the  absence  of  a  permanently  appointed  chairman,  I  have  been  requested  by  the  unanimous  decision  of  my  brother brothermagistrates  magistrates brothermagistrates  to  preside  Oil  this  occasion,  and  as  such  I  shall  address  a  few  words  to  you.  I  am  happy  to  say  that  your  duties  are  likely  to  be  light,  as  the  number  of  prisoners  on  the  calendar  is  few,  but  I  am  afraid  the  smallness  of  the  number  does  not  show  that  this  district  is  in  a  very  satisfactory  state,  for  by  a  recent  alteration  of  the  law  I  understand  that  thirty-four  cases  which  would  have  been  brought  before  you,  but  fori  the  late  change  in  the  law,  have  been  disposed  of.  Had  those  34  cases  been  added  to  the  present  number,  there  would  have  :been  an  excess  in  the  usual  number  of  prisoners  at  this  period  of  the  year.  The  character  of  the  offences  which  will  be  brought  before  you  are  light.,  and  I  do  not  think  from  your  experience  that  they  will  require  any  observations  from  me,  but  should  you  require  any  assistance,  the  court  will  be  most  happy  to  afford  it  to  you.  I  cannot  even  for  a  moment  assume  this  place  with without  out without  making  some  reference  of  regret  fur  one  who  is  cone  from  amonest  us,  and  who  for  so  long  a  time  presided  over  us.  His  image  is  so  impressed  upon  me  that  I  can  scarcely  recognise  the  place  without  him.  The  learned  gentleman'then  dismissed  the:grand  jury.to  proceed  with  the  finding  of  the  bills.  The  calendar  contained  the  names  of  forty-eight  pri prisoners,  soners, prisoners,  of  whom  seventeen  could  read,  twelve  read  and  write  imperfectly,  twelve  could  neither  read  nor  write,  two  could  do  both  well,  and  one  had  received  a  superior  education.  In  a  short  time  the  grand  jury  returned  into  court  with  a  number  of  bills,  and  the  trial  of  prisoners  was  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  with.  There  are  only  two  appeal  cases  to  be  heard,  neither  of  which  are  of  any  public  interest  or  importance.  POLICE  COURT.—YESTERDAY.  (BEFORE  3IR.  H.  HORNBY.)  A  HEAVY  CASE.—A  young  fellow,  named  John  Duffy,  dressed  as  a  sailor,  was  charged  with  stealing  twenty twentyeight  eight twentyeight  pounds  of  lead  piping  from  the  north-end-works,  belonging  to  Mr.  M'Cormick.  Police-officer  470  stopped  the  prisoner  in  Limekiln-lane  with  the  lead,  which  the  prisoner  alleged  he  had  found.  The  prisoner  was  discharged.  STREET  ROBEERT.—PoIice-officer  764  brought  up  a  well  dressed  young  woman,  named  Elizabeth  Ward,  on  a  charge  of  having  stolen  a  gold  watch  from  Mr.  James  Thompson,  a  publican,  residing  at  Brownlow-hill.  On  Wednesday  last  a  report  bf  this  case  appeared  in  our  paper.  The  prisoner  was  then  remanded,  in  order  to  have  a  search  made  for  the  two  men  who  stopped  Mr.  Thompson  in  Williamson-square,  whilst  he  was  follow.  ing  the  prisoner,  but  these  were  not  forthcoming.  The  prosecutor  found  the  watch  in  the  prisoner's  hand  when  she  was  stopped  in  her  flight.  She  now  repeated  the  story  told  by  her  last  week,  which  was  not  contradicted  by  Mr.  Thompson.  The  prisoner  was  discharged.  STEALING  TooLs.—A  young  man,  named  John  Hughes,  was  charged  by  his  brother,  William  Hughes,  a  respecta respectable  ble respectable  man,  carrying  on  business  as  a  publican  and  builder,  in  Greenwood-street,  Everton,  with  stealing  a  quantity  of  carpenters'  and  other  tools  from  his  premises.  The  prisoner  offered  the  property  for  sale  at  the  shop  of  a  broker,  named  Higgins,  residing  in  Marybone,  where  he  was  stopped,  and  given  into  custody.  The  prosecutor  said  he  had  done  a  great  deal  for  the  prisoner,  and  this  was  the  return  for  his  kindness.  lie  did  not  wish,  however,  to  have  him  punished,  but  he  could  not  take  him  back  again.  The  prisoner  was  discharged,  with  a  caution  and  a  reprimand.  (BEFORE  MR.  ROMILLY  AND  MR.  HORNBY.)  ASSAULT  ON  A  FEMALE.—Thomas  Forster,  the  pro proprietor  prietor proprietor  of  a  large  boarding  and  beer-house,  No.  26,  Bath Bathstreet,  street, Bathstreet,  was  charged  with  having  assaulted  a  female  named  Catherine  Taylor.  The  complainant  stated,  that  on  the  Bth  instant,  she  went  to  the  defendant's  house,  to  inquire  for  a  sailor  named  Jacob  Farwell,  who  had  come  from  America  in  the  ship  Manhattan,  and  on  ask asking  ing asking  for  him,  the  defendant  called  her  an  improper  name,  and  told  her  to  leave  the  house,  but  before  she  had  time  to  go,  he  ran  at  and  struck  her,  and  kicked  her,  flinging  her  into  the  street.  She  stated,  that  there  was  still  marks  of  violence  on  her  person,  from  the  effects  of  the  blows  inflicted  by  the  defendant.  In  reply  to  Mr.  Chilton,  who  appeared  for  the  defendant,  the  witness  denied  that  she  used  bad  language  to STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Forster,  she  did  not  try  to  force  her  way  into  the  back  parlour,  and  she  positively  denied  having  acted  either  v  i  o  l  ently  or  disorderly  in  the  house.  M  r.  Chilton  produced  a  wit•  ness,  named  John  Atkinson,  who  stated,  that  the  com complainant  plainant complainant  had  acted  violently,  and  attempted STYLE=superscript  to  force  her  way  into  the  house,  although  she  was  told  the  m  an  was  not  ther  e  .  The  defendant  put  her  out  into  the  street,  but  did  not  use  any  more  than  necessary  violence.  A  female  who  was  with  the  complainant  at  the  time  of  the  transaction,  corroborated  the  original STYLE=superscript  statement,  and  the  bench  thinking  there  was  more  than  necessary  violence  used,  fined  the  defendant  lOs  and  costs,  which  he  at  once  paid.  SMUGGLING.  —John  Francis,  a  black  seaman,  on  board  the  ship  General  Lang,  was  charged  with  attempting  to  smuggle  one  pound  and  a  quarter  of  foreign  manufactured  tobacco,  He  was  fined  12s  the  value  of  the  tobacco."
