text
"EVICTIONS  IN  TILE  SCOTTISH  IBS  nats  HIGHLAYDS.  From  a  letter  in  the  North,  British  Daily  Mail,  written  by  Mr.  Duncan  Ross,  of  Glasgow,  we  extract  the  following  appalling  description  of  the  recent  evictions  of  people  there,  and  of  the  gentleness  with  which  the  people  bore  their  se severity.  verity. severity.  After  some  details,  and  stating  that  even  a  place  for  a  tent  until  spring  was  refused,  he  proceeds  ;—At  last  a  Catholic  clergyman  near  the  scene  of  distress,  in  the  most  kind  and  generous  manner  possible,  granted  an  acre  of  land  belonging  to  him  for  the  use  of  the  poor  outcasts  to  erect  their  tents  on.  This  was  most  providential,  as  the  weather  had  become  so  severe,  with  snow  and  sleet,  that  certain  death  would  have  been  the  result  had  the  outcasts  been  ex exposed  posed exposed  on  the  hill-side  much  longer.  The  tents  were  for forwarded  warded forwarded  by  me  on  Monday  last,  and  they  are  watertight  and  substantial,  and  large  enough  to  contain  the  whole  of  the  outcasts  at  Knoydart.  The  Skye  evictions  carried  on  by  the  trustees  on  Lord  Macdonald's  property  were  equally  harsh  and  unfeeling.  Four  or  five  of  the  evicted  were  above  80  years  of  age,  and  there  were  others  sick,  and  many  young  children.  The  children,  whose  father  scene  was  hea,  h-'  ;-rending.  Six  young  THE  TWENTY-THIRD  ANNUAL  REPORT  OF  THE  thanks  of  the  association  to  Ellis.  Jones,  Esq.,  the  honorary  LICENSED  VICTUALLERS'  ASSOCIATION.  surgeon  of  the  institution,  for  his  prompt  consideration  and  not  only  of  BENEVOLENT  REPORT  wenty-third  annual  report  o  but  further  of  the  circumstances  and  motiv  ,ep  had  been  taken  by  the  then  had  been  purc  schools:  that  a  not  costly,  el  had  been•  gene  [1  on  which  to  rear  a  new  msly  presented  by  a  highl  r.  Wm.  H.  Daish,  and  Dd  work  should  forth  hat  the  LIBRA  —The  mitteo  of  that  time  foundation  only  ;  they  de  not  con  te  cial  condition  of  th  oined  to  for  tho  r  £l9  17s  9d.  in  hand  to  be  Product  ;ed  on  the  fi  ociation,  your  committee  beg  to  refer  bar  ith,  18  •eparing  yor,  importar  JOHN  ALLINSON,  CHAIRMAN,  3,GE  GRIST,  SCCREiAItY  that  vi  t  committee  of  t"
