text
"3E3ictbi;,  filarriage4,  anb  Qtatbe:.  BIRTHS  On  the  21st  instant,  at  Whitefield-road,  Everton,  the  wife  of  M  George  Lofthouse  Richardson,  of  a  daughter.  On  the  20th  instant,  at  Everton,  the  wife  of  printer,  Dale-street,  of  a  son.  MARRIAGES  Mr,  James  Taylor,  On  the  20th  instant,  at  Walton  Church,  Mr.  Robert  Thompson,  of  Belfast,  to  Elizabeth,  eldest  daughter  of  Edward  M'Cormick,  Esq.,  of  Everton.  On  the  20th  instant,  at  St.  Bride's  Church,  Roderick  Rayner,  Esq..  to  Miss  Susannah  Kurts  Smith.  On  the  20th  instant,  at  Holy  Trinity  Church,  Birkenhead,,  Alfred  Bourne,  Esq.,  of  London,  to  Sophia,  third  daughter  of  'timothy  Bourne,  Esq.,  of  Birkenhead.  On  the  RAI  August,  at  Rio  Janeiro,  J.  J.  C.  Westwood.  Esq..  H.B.M.  consul  for  that  City,  to  Eleanor.  second  daughter  of  Thomas  J.  Hutton,  Esq.,  merchant,  of  Liverpool.  On  the  20th  instant,  at  St.  Bride's  Church,  Mr.  John  Hewitt,  eldebt.  wu  uf  law  Mr.  Oulnuel  HCWILL  ,  plutuber  and  glazier,  Wood-street,  to  Frances,  youngest  daughter  of  the  late  Mr.  Wm.  Francis  Crare,  of  Chester.  Onthe  20th  instant,  at  St.  Mary's,  Edge-hill,  John  Dill,  Esq.„  M.D.,  of  Withington-road,  Chorlton-cum-Hardy,  Manchester,  to  Emma,  youngest  daughter  of  John  Billings,  Esq.,  of  Liverpool,  and  granddaughter  of  the  late  Rev.  Henry  Peach,  of  Derby,  and  Langley Langleyhall,  hall, Langleyhall,  Derbyshire  On  the  20th  instant.,  at  St.  George's,  Hanover-square,  the  Hon.  George  Augustus  Browne,  son  of  the  late  Lord  Kihnaine,  to  Frances  Mary,  eldest  daughter  of  Charles  Prideaux  Brune,  Esq.,  of  Prideaux Prideauxplace,  place, Prideauxplace,  Cornwall.  On  the  19th  instant,  at  St.  Paul's,  Compstall,  Alfred  Henry,  son  of  the  late  Joseph  Medwood,  Esq..  of  Manchester,  to  Grace  Caroline,  youngest  daughter  of  George  Andrew,  Esq  ,  of  Green  Hill.  On  the  21st  instant,  at  the  Cathedral,  Manchester,  Mr.  -Taco],  Marshall,  of  Rusholme,  to  Margaret,  daughter  of  Mr.  John  Jones,  of  Newton.  On  the  10th  instant,  at  the  Parish  Church,  Warrington,  by  the  Hon.  and  Rev.  H.  Powys,  rector,  Ralph  Milner.  Esq„  Surgeon.  Old  -  field-lane,  Salford,  to  Annie  Lythgoe,  eldest  daughter  of  Abraham  Mottram,  Esq.,  merchant,  Warrington.  On  the  20th  instant,  at  the  Cathedral,  Manchester,  by  the  Rev.  K.  H.  Westmore,  M.A.,  minor  canon,  Mr.  Joseph  I STYLE=superscript  ngham,  of  Hunslet,  near  Leeds,  to  Miss  Mary  Webster,  of  Hulme."
