text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  TILE  RAIL  WAY  J3ERKHAJL(FSTEAD.  A  CCIDE_YT  AT  On  Thursday  morning  a  Nery  serious  and  fatal  accident  occurred  to  the  nine  o'clock,  a.m.,  down  express  train  from  Euston-squar6.  Shortly  after  leaving  the  Berkhampstead  station,  28  miles'  from  London,.  the  driver  perceived  a  -  violent  jumping  motion  in  the  'engine  and  inimedir,:tcly  afterwards  the  Pore  axle  of  the  engine  broke,  and  the  engine  and  carriages  ran  off  the  line.  The  . STYLE=superscript  gnard,  named  William  Blayney,  was  thrown  violently  from  his  seat  upon  the  line,  a  portion  of  the  engine  !falling  over  him  and  killing  him  almost  instantaneously.  Some  of  passengers  were  much  injured  and  shaken,  but  fortunately  no  other  lives  were  lost.  The  fracture  of  the  axle  took  place  close  to  the  axle-box,  the  leading  wheel  left  the  engine,  ran  np  an  enibankment  20  feet  high,  dashed  through  a  quick-set  hedge  into  a  meadow  bdyond,  and  after  describing  a  semicircle  of  about  40  yards'  radius,  buried  itself  in  the.green  . STYLE=superscript  sward.  The  engine  and  tender,  after  running  a  few  yards;  toppled  over  .and  buried  themselves  in  the  embankment.  The  guard'S  break  and  a  second-class  carriage  immediately  .  behind  it  were  thrown  across  the  up-line  of  'rails  with  great  violence,  and  completely  broken  up  by  the  force  of  the  concussion.  There  were  very  few  passengers.  The  second-class  carriage  had  only  one  young  woman,  a  widow,  acting  as  nurse  to,  two  ladies,  who,  were  in  a  first-class  carriage.  In  the  leading.  first-class  carriage  . STYLE=superscript  Were  Barons  Meyer  . STYLE=superscript  and  Lionel  'de  Roths Rothschild  child Rothschild  and  four  officers  of  the  Guards  proceeding  to  Leighton,  to  the  of  Baron  Rothschild's  stab-hounds,  at  Acton  Abbots.  This  train  does  not  stop  between  'Euston  and  leighton.  It  was  travelling  at  its  usual  speed  of  45  miles  an  hour.  On  the  shattered  train  cording  to  a  standstill,  all  the  passengers  alighted  in  great  alarm.  The  carriage  in  which  the  Barons  Rothschild  and  their  friends  were  was  thrown  completely  across  the  line  of  rails,  and  its  occupants  l4st  no  time  in  extricating  themselves  from  so  dangerous  a  *Alan.  They  all  received  contusions.  The  two  ladies  aboie  referred  to,  Mrs.  Harper,  of  Havering-atte-Bower,  and  her  sister,  Miss  Plitt,  of  Sandkeys;  Cheshire,  with  Mrs.  Harper's  infant  child,  were  in  the  last  first-class  carriage.  The  guard's  break  and  the  second-class  carriage  presented  a  complete  wreck.  '  Even  the  iron  frame-work  of  the  break  had  been  broked  in  an  incredible  manner,  and  they  were  so  embedded  together,  that  it  was  with  great  difficulty  an  ex examination  amination examination  could  be  made  to  ascertain  whether  any  sufferers  lay  beneath  them.  The  crash  of  the  first  accident  had.been  heard  by  a  man  named  Page,  of  Wood-lane  farm,  300  yards  on  the  east  side  of  the  railway,  whereupon,  led  by  the  volume  of  steam,  he  hastened  across,  and,  seeing  what  had  happened,  it  at  once  occurred  to  him  that  several  up  .  trains  were  now  due,  and  if  not  stopped,  that  terrible  mischief  would  ensue.  With  most  praiseworthy  forethought  he  immediately  ran  down  towards  the  tunnel,  on  reaching  which  he  saw  the  up-express  enter  the  other  end  at  full  speed.  As  his  only  chance  of,  attracting  the  driver's  oblervation,  he  waved  his  cap  and  shouted  as  loudly  as  he  could,  and,  for fortunately,  tunately, fortunately,  as  the  engine  emerged  from  the  tunnel,  the  fire fireman  man fireman  observed  him,  and  applied  the  break,  the  driver  shutting  off  the  steam  at  the  same  time.  The  distance  from  that  to  the  wreck  was  500  yards,  and  it  was  impossible  to  avoid  running  into  the  wreck.  The  speed  had,  however,  been  lowered  from  40  miles  an  hour  to  10  when  the  collision  occurred.  The  shock  threw  the  engine  and  tender  of  the  up-train  off  the  rails,  and  carried  away  the  compartment  of  the  first-class  carriage  in  which  Baron  de  Rothschild  and  his  friends  were  seated.  This  increased  the  dreadful  confusion  of  the  scene.  The  down  train,  which  starts  at  9.15  a.m.  from  Euston-square,  was  now  momentarily  expected,  but  the  guard  bad  fortunately  gone  back,  and,  by  placing  fog  signals  on  the  line,  arrested  its  approach  at  Berkhampstead.  The  Earl  of  Lonsdale  was•  a  passenger  in  the  latter  train.  The  telegraphic  communication  having  been  destroyed  by  the  accident,  a  great  deal  of  time  was  lost  iuf  communicating  with  London  and  Wolverton;  and,'  before  any  effective  01  cans  for  clearing  the  line  were  at  hand,  the  rails  were  blocked  for  a  considerable  distance  with  the  up  and  down  trains.  The  remains  of  the  unfortunate  guard  were  subse subsequently  quently subsequently  placed  on  a  shutter,  and  conveyed  to  the  Crooked  Billet  public-house,  a  .  roadside,  inn  near  the  spot.  Mrs.  Burr,  servant  to  Mrs.  Harper,  was  also  conveyed  to  this  inn.  A  very  similar  accident  - STYLE=superscript  occurred  within  a  few  yards  of  the  same  spot  ten  years  ago,  when  the  old  nurse  of  Lord  Byron  was  among  the  'sufferers.  Tu  CORONER'S  INQUEST.  —Yesterday  (Saturday)  the  in inquest  quest inquest  was  held,  at  Berkhampstead,  on  the  body  of  the'unfor-  timate  guard.  The  coroner:  for  the  Hemel  Hemp  - STYLE=superscript  stead  divi division  sion division  of  Hertford,  Mr.  F.  Day,  and  aury  of  gentlemen  and  farmers  residing  in  the  neighbourhood,  assembled  where  the  body  of  the  deceased  was  lying.  Mr.  M'COnnell,  the  loco locomotive  motive locomotive  superintendent  of  the  company,  Mr.  Carter,  the  soli solicitor,  citor, solicitor,  Mr.  Saville,  Mr.  Baker,  and  other  officials  connected  with  the  railway.  were  in  attendance.  The  jury,  of  which  Mr.  F.  J.  Moore,  a  magistrate  of  the  county,  was  fireman,  having  .  been  duly  sworn,  The  evidence  was  gone  into,  and  the  several  parties  en engaged  gaged engaged  in  working  the  train  which  had  broken  down,  and  the  others  also  were  examined.  They  did  not  throw  much  light  on  the  occurrence  with  the  exception  Of  the  following  from  the  guard  and  driver  of  the  broken  train  :  The  first  witness  called  was  Thomas  Blayney,  brother  to  the  deceased,  who  stated  that  he  resides  at  Liverpool,  and  is  a  porter  on  the  East  Lancashire  Railway  :  I  saw  my  bro brother  ther brother  alive  last  about  six  weeks  ago.  .1  have  since  seen  him  dead;  he  was  turned  30  years  of  age.  Frederick  Shoebridge,  guard  of  the  train  which  met  with  the  accident  :—He  said,  r  was  acting  as  guard  on  the  morn morning  ing morning  of  Thursday  last,  although  I  am  employed  as  porter  at  the  Crewe  station.  lam  one  of  the  extra  men  occasionally  employed  as  rear  guard.  The  train  left  Euston  station  at  nine  o'clock  that  morning  for  Edinburgh  and  Glasgow.  The  deceased,  William  Blayney,  was  acting  as  the  other  guard.  When  about  a  mile  from  Berkhampstead  we  ran  off  the  line,  and  I  was  thrown  off  the  seat  to  the  bottom  of  the  van  by  the  shock.  That  occurred  about  three-quarters  of  a  mile  beyond  the  station.  We  were  within  four.  or  five  hundred  yards  of  the  tunnel,  and  were  just  passing  under  the  Crooked  Billet  bridge  when  the  shook  occurred.  I  was  in  the  last  van,  and  as  soon  as  I  could  get  up  I  got  out,  and  ran  back  as  fast  as  I  could,  in  order  to  stop  the  express  train  which  leaves  Euston-square  at  a  quarter  past  nine.  When  I  was  running  up  I  met  a  lad,  and  sent  him  down  towards  the  accident,  as  both  lines  were  obstructed.  I  heard  the  whistle  of  the  express  train  before  I  got  to  Berkhampstead.  I  told  the  boy  to  run  down  the  line  as  fast  as  he  could,  to  stop  anything  that  might  be  coming  up.  As  soon  as  I  had  made  the  signal  at  the  station  I  went  back  to  the  accident,  and  asked  Flinn,  the  guard  of  the  up-line,  -  where  Blayney  was,  and  be  told  me  he  was  dead.  He  told  me  had  sent  his  fellow-servant  down  the  line  to  Tring,  and  recommended  me  to  go  down  the  line.  I  accordingly  ran  through  the  tunnel.  At  the  spot  where  the  accident  occurred  I  found  the  up-train  had  come  up,  and  that  the  engine  was  off  the  line.  The  guard  who  went  before  me  towards  Tring  had  succeeded  in  stopping  the  up  mail  train.  I  returned  in  the  mail  train  to  the  place  of  accident.  I  knew  nothing  of  the  cause  of  the  accident.  I  made  use  of  detonating  signals  as  I  went  along  the  line.  We  always  carry  them  with  us.  I  put  down  two  before  we  got  to  Berkhampstead.  By  a  Juror  :  I  have  no  opinion  as  to  the  cause  of  the  ac accident,  cident, accident,  beyond  the  axle  breaking.  The  speed  of  the  train  was  about  forty  miles  an  hour.  Field  :  I  was  the  driver  of  the  engine  which  met  with  the  accident  on  Thursday  morning.  We  left  Euston Eustonsquare  square Eustonsquare  at  one  minute  past  nine.  I  carry  a  time-piece  be belonging  longing belonging  to  the  company.  When  the  accident  occurred  I  was  thrown  down  between  the  engine  and  tender,  with  the  foot footplate  plate footplate  across  my  back.  If  my  mate  had  not  extricated  me  I  should  have  been  burned  to  The  ordinary  speed  of  the  train  is  44  miles  per  hour.  It  was  41  minutes  past  nine  when  we  passed  Berkhampstead.  I  felt  the  engine  give  a  jump  just  before  the  accident  took  place  at  the  bridge,  and  I  recollect  nothing  more  till  my  mate  pulled  me  out.  I  saw  ..u.amat,Cll.  Ire  was  qm  a  dead.  When  the  engine  was  brought  out  from  the  shed  in  the  morning,  it  was  all  right.  I  was  on  the  pre premises  mises premises  an  hour  and  a  half  before  the  train  started.  It  is  the  driver's  duty  to  examine  the  engine.  The  axletree  was  a  little  warm  the  day  before,  and  I  spoke  to  the  foreman  en engineer.  gineer. engineer.  He  removed  the  weak  spring  of  one  side  of  the  fore forewheel  wheel forewheel  and  put  in  a  fresh  one,  to  diminish  the  friction.  I  never  knew  the  axle  to  become  hot  before,  although  I  have  run  the  engine  82  trips  to  Rugby  and  back.  After  the  new  spring  was  in,  I  said  to  the  engineer  that  I  thought  that  side  was  still  a  little  low  •  but  he  said  it  was  owing  to  the  way  the  engine  was  standing.  Sometimes  for  weeks  the  axles  will  not  require  grease.  When  grit  gets  in  we  sometimes  hear  the  axle  screech.  I  have  been  three  years  in  the  com company's  pany's company's  service.  I  have  had  hot  axles,  but  I  never  knew  an  axle  to  break  before.  The  Coroner  said  in  reference  to  the  manner  in  which  the  railway  company  had  come  forward  to  afford  every  infer inferillation  illation inferillation  in  their  power,  he  could  not  speak  too  highly,  and  it  reflected  the  greatest  credit  upon  them.  It  appeared  to  him  that  there  could  be  no  doubt  whatever  from  the  evidence  they  had  heard  that  the  poor  man's  death  was  the  result  of  accident,  but  he  left  the  matter  entirely  in  their  hands.  The'jury  then  retired,  and  returned  in  about  ten  minutes,  with  a  verdict  of  Accidental  Death  ;  the  foreman  adding,  at  the  same  time,  We  consider  that  the  company  is  not  free  from  blame  in  sending  out  an  engine  with  a  fast  train  when  any  doubt  of  its  efficiency  The  proceedings  then  terminated.  SPECULATION  IN  MELBOURNE.—A.  Melbourne  correspon correspondent  dent correspondent  of  the  Australian  and  New  Zealand  Gazette  writes:—  A  Polish-Yankee  Jew,  who  came  here  about  twelve  months  ago  without  a  shilling,  commenced  a  restaurant  on  credit,  and  has  so  marvellously  succeeded,  that  he  is  at  this  moment  in  treaty  with  the  owner  of,  the  royal  hotel  to  take  that  establishment,  and  offers  the  following  terms  :—XIO,OOO  to  the  present  tenant  for  the  two  years  of  his  lease  still  to  run  ;  £l,OOO  to  the  owner  for  his  consent  to  the  exchange  ;  £l,OOO  a  year  for  the  two  years,  and  £4,500  for  five  years  after;  and  to  spend  £5,000  in  improvements.  There  is  another  fact.  The  speculator  is  to  make  the  place  the  best  hotel  in  Mel Melbourne  bourne Melbourne  ;  and  if  he  does  he  may  give  any  money  almost,  for  nothing  is  wanted  more  than  a  first-rate  place  of  that  VALUE  OF  LAND.-At  the  sale  of  the  Mostyn  estates,  lately  held,  the  prices  obtained  for  several  of  the  farms  in  the  vale  of  Llangollen  were  at  65  and  70  years'  purchase  on  the  present  rental.  A  small  piece  of  land,  a  few  feet  square,  required  for  the  public  approach  to  Trinity  Church,  Mar Margate,  gate, Margate,  was  valued  by  the  owner  at  1001.,  or  equal  to  150,000/.  per  acre,  being  double  the  value  of  land  in  the  City  or  Strand.  It  WAS  disposed  of  for  301.,  being  equal  to  the  pre present  sent present  value  of  land  in  Belgravia  or  Regent's-park.—,Tournal  of  Auctions."
