text
"such  as—  ''  A  military  Tent  I  see,  and,  while  his  face-I  scan,  I  think  you'll  all  agree  with  me,  he  came  from  Hindostan.  And  by  his  side  sits,  laughing  free,  a  youth  with  curly  head;  I  think  you'll  all  agree  with  me,  that  he  was  best  in  bed.  Ritol-d,  &amp;c  The  Colonel  finally  sings  Old  subscribes  to  Nadab's  book  of  poems,  and  all  goes  on  harmoniously,  for  a  while,  till  either  from  too  much  brandy-and-water,  or  the  introduction  of  Cap Captain  tain Captain  Costigan,  matters  take  a  different  turn,  and  destroy—at  all  events  as  far  as  the  harmony  is  con concerned—the  cerned—the concerned—the  famous  cave  of  the  renowned  Hoskins!  We  have  now  given  sufficient  extracts  to  sharpen  the  longing  of  our  readers—we  recommend  them  to  lose  no  time  in  buying  the  first  number.  We  cannot  close  without  thanking  Mr.  Arthur  Pendell.  , STYLE=superscript  ms  for  the  excellent  treat  he  has  given  us—assuring  him  that  never  did  hungry  Wight  long  for  a  dinner  with  more  avidity  than  we  anticipate•  the  coming  number  of  The  Newconzes.  IIZELAIVD,  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  SATURDAY  EVENING  THE  RECENT  RAILWAY  ACCIDENT.  The  excitement  consequent  on  this  fearful  occureuce  has  continued  to  increase,  and  people  are  very  full  of  their  stric strictures  tures strictures  on  the  Railway  Company.  Mr.  Taylor  the  Secretary,  has  written  a  letter  to  the  daily  papers,  in  order  to  allay  the  public  uncertainty,  by  an  authorised  publication  of  the  names  of  those  killed  or  severely  injured.  The  former  are  identical  with  the  list  before  furnished  to  7011,  with  the  ex exception  ception exception  of  two  names;  they  are,  Mrs.  Smith,  and  the  lady  in  whose  pocket  the  prayer-book  with  the  name  of  lames  in  it  was  found.  She  is  the  wife  of  a  mill-owner  in  Mal Mallow,  low, Mallow,  Co.  Cork.  The  other  is  the  case  of  a  gentleman  who  was  only  indentified  :yesterday,  and  who  is  a  Mr.  Jesse  Hale.  This  unfortunate  man  was  so  dreafifullv  mutilated,  that  intim intimate  ate intimate  friends  of  his  (amongst  whom  was  the  coroner  himself)  who  were  present  at  the  inquest  did  not  recognise  him  ;  and  it  was  only  by  reference  to  papers  in  his  possession  that  his  identity  was  established.  lie  had  left  Tailing  by  thd  train,  and  was  killed  almost  within  sight  of  his  own  door.  Another  gentleman  who  suffered  death  in  the  same  terrible  manlier,  Mr.  Jelly,  has  been  most  deeply  regretted.  He  was  well  known,  and  very  popular  in  the  Queen's  County,  and  his  re remains  mains remains  were  met  at  the  station  at  Marybro,  (whither  they  were  conveyed  on  Thursday),  by  over  500  people.  He  is  no  doubt  well  known  in  'the  Liverpool  Cotton  as  he  was  a  frequent  attendant  there.  The  fate  of  Mr  and  Mrs.  M'Sweeny  was  also  of  the  most  melancholy  nature.  They  were  accompanied  by  their  three.  chil children,  dren, children,  who  were  saved,  but  the  sight  of  the  little  creatures,  thus  made  orphans,  in  such  an  awful  manner,  was  one  of  the  most  heart-rending  sights  on  the  occasion.  One  of  them  (a  boy  of  eight  years  old)  lies  at  Stevens's  ho  s  pit  a  l  w  ith  b  o  th  his  legs  fractured,  but  he  is  progressing  fav  oura  bly.  Th  e  following  persons  are  also  at  the  hospital STYLE=superscript  seriously  injured  —Ellen  Farell,  EmMa  Pack,  Esther  Coffey,  and  Sarah  Shelford.  Two  lathes  also  lie  at  Straffan,  considerably  in injured  jured injured  :—Mrs.  Latham,  Blacker,  and  Mrs.  Croker,  Barring Barrington.  ton. Barrington.  Their  escape  from  actual  death  was  wonderful,  the  former  lady  being  in  the  coupe  next  the  advancing  train,  and  therefore  nearest  the  'danger,  and  the  other  in  the  next  compartment.  Mrs.  Blackes's  two  daughters  were  along  with  her,  and  miraculously  escaped  without  injury:  Mr.  Neville,  county  surveyor  of  Louth,  escaped  with  a  fracture  of  the  leg,  by  throwing  himself  lengthwise  on  the  scat,  everybody  in  the  carriage  with  him  being  killed.  An  in inquest  quest inquest  was  about  to  be  held  yesterday,  on  the  body  of  Joseph  Isherwood,  who  expired  in  the  . STYLE=superscript  Hospital,  but  was  adjourned  till  the  conclusion  of  the  proceedings  at  Straffdan,  which  have  also  been  adjourned  until  Monday,  without  anything  being  yet  done,  in  consequence  of  its  h  av  i  ng  b  een  di  scover  ed  that  one  of  the  jurors  sworn  was  a  minor.  Actions  will  be  commenced  against  the  Railway  Company  by  the  relatives  of  nearly  all  the  deceased,  and  from  the  high  position  of  many  of  them,  it  is  thought  that  over  £lOO,OOO  will  not  pay  the  damage.  Market  SA  IMAM  PROCEEDINGS.  —The  announcement  made  in  the  Northern  Daily  Times  of  Friday,  of  a  case  of  cholera  in  Liverpool,  has  caused  come  alarm  here.  The  exertions  of  those  entrusted  with  the  sanitary  management  of  the  county,  has  been  unremitting  in  guarding  against  the  dreadful  plague,  and,  up  to  the  present,  have  been  attended  with  success.  Nevertheless  reports  are  current  of  solitary  cases  of  Asiatic  cholera  occurring  here  and  there  through  the  provinces,  but  it  is  likely  that  other  diseases  may  have  been  mistaken  for  it._  Diarrohre  appears  to  be  very  prevalent.  THE  ExiiisiiioN.—The  numbers  of  the  visitors  have  fallen  off  some  thousands  within  the  last  few  days,  and  an  announcement  appears  in  to-day's  papers,  that  on  Monday  the  admission  price  will  be  reduced  to  sixpence.  The  fatal  railway  accident  will,  it  is  thought,  prevent  the  influx  of  many  country  visitors.  Great  exertions  are  made  to  give  more  effect  to  the  Dargan  testimonial  monument,  but  there  is  no  sign  of  the  amount  being  reached  which  was  originally  expected,  BALLINASLOE  Run.—The  Cattle  Fair  commenced  yester yesterday.  day. yesterday.  There  was  a  large  attendance  of  buyers  from  the  Midland  Counties,  and  business  was  pretty  brisk.  The  demand  for  good  quality  stock  of  every  description  was  very  marked,  and  at  an  advance  of  from  30s.  to  40s.  a-head  in  last  year's  prices.  The  viceregal  party  left  Ballinasloe  yesterday,  and  arrived  in  town  same  evening.  Ltsnunw  azarios.—The  Seneschal  has  issued  a  procla proclamation  mation proclamation  fixing  the  election  for  Lisburn  on  Tuesday  next,  the  11th  instant.  THE  The  Irish  have  a  conftider conftiderable  able conftiderable  space  in  to  day's  Freeman,  allotted  to  their  concluding  proceedings.  At  their  last  meeting,  ex-sheriff  Swift  occu occupied  pied occupied  the  chair,  and  matters  began  by  an  attack  on  the  mem members  bers members  for  Tipperary,  Messrs.  F.  Scully  and  James  Sadlier,  whose  names  have:  been  abused  long  ago.  These  two  poor  gentlemen  were  undefended,  and  accordingly  were  con condemned  demned condemned  to  an  ex-parliamentary  limbo  hereafter.  The  at attack  tack attack  on  the  members  of  Clare,  Sir  John  Fitzgerald,  and  Mr.  C.  O'Brien,  were  then  renewed,  amid  the  vain  protes protestations  tations protestations  of  Fulton  Quade.  Resolutions  favourable  to  aßeli aßeligious  gious aßeligious  were  passed,  and  the  proceedings  were  wound  up  by  a  lecture  from  Mr.  Lucas,  on  Irish  manufac manufacture,  ture, manufacture,  and  the  Beauties  of  Belgian  Government.  FRIGHTFUL  ACCIDENT.-011  Friday  an  inquest  was  held  at  the  Odd  Fellows's  Arms,  Abertillery,  a  hamlet  on  the  line  of  the  Western  Valleys  Bailway,  on  the  body  of  James  Anstice,  one  of  the  engine  drivers  on  the  line,  who  met  with  a  frightful  death,  by  an  accident  which  occurred  near  Ahertillery  a  day  or  two  previously.  In  turning  a  curve  near  Abertillerr  the  engine  ran  off  the  line,  dragging  the  tender  after  it,  and  ran  into  a  lot  of  tracks  on  a  siding,  smashing  them  all  to  pieces.  It  then  proceeded  a  distance  of  80  yards  along  the  line,  and  in  its  progress  the  train  broke  up  some  sleepers,  and  the  sudden  jerk  in  crossing  them  threw  the  deceased  man  Anstice  off.  His  head  was  literally  cut  in  two,  and  he  was  left  a  spectacle  shock shocking  ing shocking  to  contemplate.  The  stoker  and  breaksman,  who  were  on  the  tender,  succeeded  in  holding  on,  but  their  escape  was  truly  marvellous.  The  jury,  after  a  patient  and  careful  investigation,  returned  a  That  the  deceased  came  by  his,  death  through  furiously  driving  a  railway  ANOTHER  CONSIGNMENT  OF  COTTON  TO  MANCHESTER'  On  Friday  morning,  Mr.  Fleming,  secretary  of  the  Com Commercial  mercial Commercial  Association,  received  a  letter  from  the  East  India  House,  intimating  that  the  Directors  of  the  Company  had  instructed  their  agent  at  Liverpool,  Mr.  Rathbone,  to  for forward  ward forward  to  him  at  Manchester  299  bales  and  8  half-bales  of  cotton,  received  from  Bombay,  per  the  Marian  Moore,  for  disposal.  The  communication  thus  received  contained  a  re request  quest request  that  Mr.  Fleming  would  furnish  to  the  Court  of  Direc Directors  tors Directors  an  account  of  the  observations  which  the  Commercial  Association  might  be  desirous  of  offering  in  regard  to  the  consignment.  The  following  is  a  descriptive  list  of  the  299  bales,  and  8  half  bales  shipped  on  board  the  Marion-Moore,  James  Tweedie,  commander  :—From  Dharwar  collectorate,  246  bales;  from  Belgaum  collectorate,  26  bales  and  two  half  bales  ;  also  8  whole  and  6  half  bales  ;  15  whole  bales  from  the  Ahmedabad  collectorate,  4  whole  bales.  The  bales  from  Dharwar  (New  Orleans  cotton)  is  the  produce  of  1851-2  ;  from  Belgaum  (New  Orleans),  and  made  up  from  86  original  packages),  the  produce  of  1851-2  ;  do.  from  Belgaum  (New  Orleans,  and  made  up  from  34  original  packages),  the  pro produce  duce produce  of  1851-2  ;  some  bales  of  Belgaum  native  cotton,  made  up  from  48  original  packages,  the  produce  of  1851-2  ;  the  bales  of  Ahmedabad  (New  Orleans),  ginned  cotton,  are  made  up  from  four  orginal  bales,  received  from  that  quarter.  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  Is  Published  every  Morning  in  LIVERPOOL  and  MANCHESTER  imultaneously,  and  the  following  are  the  rates  and  •  TERMS  of  SUBSCRIPTION."
