text
", STYLE=superscript  for  the  year  ending  the  31st  of  March,  1856,  including  a  credit  of  £3,000,000  and  £1,000,000  for  Sardinia,  at  £80,899,561,  -the  sum  required  to  make-  the  -total  of  £86,339,000,  being  made  up  by  a  still  further  margin  ,  of  credit  to,  the  extent  of  £4,440,000,  and  a  loan  of  £1,000,000  obtained  from  the  Savings'  Banks.  Assuming,  therefore,'  tlie  entire  amount  of  credits  taken  by  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer  to  be  as  above,  the  public  liabilities  created  in  consequence  of  the  war,  were  as  follows  Exchequer-bonds  Exchequer-,bills,  1854-5  Loan  1855  Exchequer-bills,  1855  Additional  credit,  1855  Savipgs'  Banks  Loan  ,  £6.000,000  1,750,000  16,000,000  3,000,000  4,400,000  1,000,000  £32,150,000  ctual  increase  of  When  this  sum  is  compared  with  revenue  derived  from  the  necessary  sources  of  intone,  we  see  the  utter  impossibility  of  meeting  a  heavy  war  expenditure  by  taxation  alone  ;  for  while  the  net  income  derived  from  this  source  during  the  past  year  has  amounted  to  £64,457,993,  the  supply  services  have  amounted  to  £55,731,830,  which  is  ex exclusive  clusive exclusive  of  the  interest  on  the  public  debt,  and  the  ordinary  charges  upon  the  consolidated  fund.  The  total  increase  on  ordinary  revenue  for  the  year  ended  the  31st  of  December.  1855,  compared  with  the  correspondinv  period  of  1854,  was  £8,133,396;  but  of  this  sum  £6,517,526  was  derived  from  the  property  and  income  tax  :  so  that  the  other  means  only  yielded  an  increase  of  £1,615,870.  •  These  are  facts  that  have  an  important  significance  at  the  present  moment.  How  far  the  proposals  for  peace  may  affect  the  interests  of  the  country.  it  is  at  pesent  too  early  to  speculate  upon  ;  our-object  is  to  shew  what  war  has  already  entailed  upon  the  country,  and  the  point  from  which  we  start  at  the  com commencement  mencement commencement  of  another  year.  We  have  spent  a  hundred  millions  of  rnoneyduriug  the  past  twelve  months,  and  have  entered  into  engagements  for  still  further  amounts.  The  great  question  then  to  solve  is,  how  are  they  to  be  raised  ?  The  income.;tax  has  hitherto  served  as  the  most  formidable  friend  to  the  Govern Government  ment Government  But  whether  it  can  be  increased  under  the  present  principle,  without  inflicting  upon  the  middle  classes  a  very  dangerous  oppression  is  a  question  the  Chancellor  of  the  11  do  well  to  consider.  We  are  fully  aware  that  Exchequer  his  task  is  by  speak  of  our  na  duration,  and  illimitable  in  their  extent.  Bu  We  are  accustomed  to  ost  inexhaustible  in  their  Minister  s-.  - STYLE=superscript  ho  has  to  extract  from  them  a  hundred  millions  per  annum  in  hard  cash,  cannot  venture  to  deal  with  vague  gener generalities.  alities. generalities.  lie  must  fix  upon  something  that  is  tangible  :  and  while  he  demands  a  portion  of  the  produce  of  industry  and  commerce,  he  must  avoid  throwing  any  obstacle  in  the  way  of  increasing  production.  He  must  not  kill  the  goose  that  lays  the  golden  Industry  and  commerce  alone  can  produce  it.  Let  the  Government  then  determine  to  encourage  these,  and  +he  people  of  England  will  never  fail  to  support  it  liberally  and  cheerfully.  There  is  yet  a  great  weight  upon  its  shoulders;  but  the  nation  cannot  afford  to  submit  to  an  ignominious  peace.  In  a  few  days  the  public  will  be  made  acquainted  with  the  facts  of  our  real  position.  The  events  of  the  past  leave  us  nothing  to  dread  for  the  future,  if  they  who  direct  the  affairs  of  the  State  will  act  with  honesty  and  justice  towards  the  people.—Bankers'  Circular.  POLICE  COURT.-SATURDAY  ♦  (BEFORE  MR  MANSFIELD.)  SAVAGE  ASstkELT  ON  A  POLICE  OFPICER.—A  Young  man,  named  George  Tinsley,  a  butcher,  was  brought  up  in  custody,  charged  with  having,  with  three  other  men  not  in  custody,  committed  Pn  unprovoked  and  most  brutal  assault  on  police-officer  218.  About  half  past  four  o'clock  on  Saturday  morning  the  officer  was  on  duty  in  Breck-road,  and,  hearing  a  disturbance,  he  hastened  to  the  spot  whence  the  sounds  came.  He  found  that  the  parties  making  the  noise  were  the  prisoner  and  the  other  men,  and  he  advised  them  to  desist,  and  t  o  go  qu  i  et  l  y  to  their  homes.  He  had  scarcely  uttered  the  words,  when  the  prisoner  and  his  companions,  in  a  most  cowardly  and  unmanly  manner,  turned  on  him,  and  committed  on  the  unfortunate  man  as  savage  and  brutal  an  assault  as  has  ever  been  brought  under  the  notice  of  a  Police-court.  His  hat  and  stick  were  taken  from  him,  and  thrown  aver  the  wall  ;  another  of  his  assailant.  , STYLE=superscript  unloosed  his  belt,  and  ..heat  him  with  the  buckle  about  the  head,  while  the  prisoner  knelt  on  his  chest  and  pummelled  his  face.  As  the  prisoner's  passion  increased  his  savage  propensities  were  soon  developed.  He  seized  the  officer  ,  with  his  teeth,  but  when  the  latter  cried  out  that  he  was  biting  his  nose  off,  and  on  his  companions  telling  him  not  to  do  so,  he  desisted.  The  other  men  then  ran  away,  and  the  prisoner  attempted  to  follow  hint,  but  the  officer  succeeded  in  holding  him  until  assistance  arrived.  when  ha  was  secured  and  lodged  in  bridewell.  Mr.  Mansfield  intimated  that  he  would  send  him  for  trial,  but  remanded  him  for  a  week  in  order  that  a  warrant  may  be  issued  in  the  interim.  Two  sailors,  named  Charles  Wilmer  and  Samuel  Jackson,  were  fined  £5  each  for  assaulting  a  police  officer  while  on  duty  in  the  Bramlev  '-‘ioore-dock.  ROBBERY  EY  A  BUTLER  —A  respectably  df  o-sod,  m  7 STYLE=superscript  ddls  aged  man,  named  Christopher  Shepherdson,  was  brought  up  ~  n STYLE=superscript  atodo  of  detective  officer  Povrv,  charged  with  stealina•  a  quantity  of  plate,  valued  at  £35,  the  property  of  M  Schilizzi  corn  merchant  of  Liverpool,  in  who  as  as  butler,  It  ared  that  he  was  in  Mr.  Sehilizzi's  employment  for  about  nine  months,  and  so  great  was  the  confidence  placed  in  him  that  plate  to  the  value  of  £4OO  was  intrusted  to  his  sole  care.  On  Thursday  last  he  called  at  the  pawn-office  of.  Mr.  Green,  of  Brownlow-hill,  and  pledged  a  prir  ,of  trowsers,  and  Mr.  Green,  at  whose  shop  he  had  pledged  some  months  previously  articles  of  plate,  suspecting  that  all  was  not  right,  gave  information  of  the  circumstance  to  the  police.  Pave)*  accordingly  tracked  him  to  the  house  of  Mr.  Schilizzi,  in  Holly-row,  Edge-lane,  and  on  taxing  him  with  the  robberies  he  at  once  confessed  his  guilt,  but  pleaded  that  his  crime  had  been  the  consequence  of  want.  (His  wages  were  £37  a  year,  and  both  his  own  appearance  and  that  of  his  wife,  who  appeared  im  court  with  an  infant  in  her  arms,  and  who  was  deeply  affected  at  the  position  of  her  husband,  indicated  comfort  and  respectability.)  On  being  searched,  several  pawn  tickets  were  found  on  him,  till  it  was  then  diFcovered  that  he  had  pledged  other  portions  of  plate  at  different  offices.  In  consideration  of  the  excellent  character  vihich  he  bore  previous  to  the  com commission  mission commission  of  :the  robbery  for  which  he  was  now  committeed,  Mr.  Mansfield  committed  him  for  six  months,  with  hard  labour,  in  place  of  sending  him  for  trial  at  the  sessions.  As  to  the  plate  T  ledged,  Mr.  Mansfield  said  that  he  would  follow  the  course  pursued  by  the  Recorder  in  such  cases,  and  order  that  it  be  restored  to  Mr.  Schilizzi  ;  but,  as  it  had  been  recovered  through  the  exertions  of  Mr.  Green,  he  would  recommend  Mr.  Schilizzi  to  reimburse  that  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  in  the  amount  of  his  advances.  Mr.  Schilizzi  im immediately  mediately immediately  expressed  his  readineqs  to  do  FO.  (BEFORE  MR.  MAXWELL  AND  MR.  BENN.)  A  little  girl,  about  ten  years  of  age.  nam  , STYLE=superscript  d  Mary  Carnes,  was  charged  with  stealing  five  monkey  jackets,  from  the  shop  of  Messrs.  Williams  and  Hughes,  Scotland-road.  She  went.  into  the  shop  with  four  other  young  girls,  and  while  they  endeavoured  to  direct  the  attention  of  the  parties  in  the  shop,  she  ran  off  with  the  jackets.  When  arrested,  the  property  was  found  with  her.  She  was  remanded,  to  give  time  for  the  apprehension  of  her  companions.  Philip  M‘C  - STYLE=superscript  ormick,  Joseph  Ray,  and  Thomas  Ray,  were  brought  11D  on  remand,  charged  with  stealing  a  quantity  of  copper  nails  from  the  ship  Magna  Charta,  and  discharged.  THE  CASE  or  MR.  JACKSON.—Sir  G.  Grey  has  advised  her  Majesty  to  remit  the  remainder  of  .the  sentence  of  12  month's  imprisonment  passed  by  Mr.  Wilson  Overend  upon  Mr.  Jackson,  the  pawnbroker  of  Doncaster.  In  so  doing  Sir  G.  Grey  does  not  enter  into  the  question  of  the  innocence  or  guilt  of  the  prisoner,  but  reverses  the  judgment  of  Mr.  Overend  upon  the  ground  that  the  prisoner  had  not  sufficient  time  and  opportunity  allowed  him  for  preparing  his  defence.  The  following  officers  arrived  in  Cork  barracks  on  Tuesday,  with  draughts  from  Templemore  and  Limerick  —9th  Riot—Lieutenant  Stair  N.  Agnew,  Ensigns  George  M.  Chadwick  and  John  H.'Bolt  o  n  ;  13th  Light  - STYLE=superscript  Infantry—  Captain  H.  Maurice  Jones  and  Lieut.  Duncan  Stewart  ;  39th  Foot—Captain  James  Agnew  and  Ensign  Robert  Gray;  •  41st  Foot—Captain  William  AUClellan  Lambert  and  Ensign  Guildford  M.  Onslow  ;  47th  Foot—Captain  Nathaniel  G.  Philips.  in  commend;  Ensigns  Spencer,  E.  Orr,  and  Robt.  T.  J.  Stammers  ;  nth  Foot—Lieutenants  John  Um.  Trevor  and  Cotton  E.  Theobald.  THE  COUNTESS  OF  ELLE,MERS'S  JEWEL,—The  valuable  missing  jewels  of  the  noble  countess,  lost  on  Teusday  after afternoon  noon afternoon  from  a  cab,  while  in  charge  of  a  servant,  proceeding  from  Bridgewater  House  to  the  Padilington  railway  statiou,  had  not,  we  understand,  been  recovered  up  to  Saturday  afternoon,  although  from  th,e  first  moment  that  Lord  Elles Ellesmere  mere Ellesmere  was  made  acquainted  with  the  loss,  while  at  Windsor  Castle,  the  most  unremitting  inquiriji  and  exertions  have  been  made  to  trace  or  recover  the  property.  A  reward  of  £5O  has  been  offered  for  their  recovery.  SEVERE  THUNDER  STORM  AND•EXTRAORDINARY  EFFECTS  OF  THE  ELECTRIC  FLUID.—BRISTOL,  THURSDAY  EVENING.  —A  little  before  ten  o'clock  this  morning  a  portion  of  the  outskirts  of  this  city  was  visited  by  a  thunder-storm  of  a  remarkable  character.  The  night  had  been  exceedinglv  boisterous,  the  wind  blowing  heavily  from  the  west  and  south-west,  and  the  rain  falling  in  torrents  ,  but  bey  on  d  a  very  considerable  fail  in  the  barometer  there  was  nothing  to  predicate  any  electrical  phenomenon.  At  about  9.50  a.m.,  it  became  suddenly  very  dark,  and  the  rain  fell  with  great  violCitce,  and  a  thundercloud  broke  directly  over  the  top  of  the  Hotwell-road,  at  its  junction  with  Limekiln Limekilnlane,  lane, Limekilnlane,  doing,  extensive  damage  at  the  house  of  Mr.  Henry  Fitzgerald,  the  Melbourne  Tavern,  Melbourne-terrace.  Upon  the  bursting  of  the  thunder-cloud  the  electric  fluid  descended  the  bar  parlour  chimney  with  a  loud,  sharp  Sound,  like  that  caused  by  the  explosion  of  a  small  piece  of  artillery,  passed  through  the  bar,  shivered  the  brass  rods  of  the  curtain  to  pieces  and  shattered  into  fragments  the  entire  'glass  frontage  from  top  to  bottom  and  from  end  to  end.  The  shelf  and  decanters  were  also  demolished,  and  nOthing  was  left  standing  of  the  front  but  some  l  ong  fragments  of  plate  glass,  in  their  form  like  icicles.  Two  persons  narrowly  escaped  with  their  lives.  A  gentleman  was  in  the  bar  parlour,  and  so  near  the  course  taken  by  the  electric  current,  that  by  the  mere  displacement  of  the  air  he  was  thrown  violently  against  the  wall;  and  Mrs.  Fitzgerald.  sen.,  the  landlord's  mother,  was  sitting  at  the  time  behind  the  bar  counter.  The  hotise  after  the  occur occurrence  rence occurrence  vas  filled  with  a  peculiar  sulphurous  smell,  and  upon  the  roof  of  the  house  being  examined,  the  chimney-pot  upon  being  touched  fell  to  powder.  THE  SABBATH-DEFENCE  MOVEMENT.  TO  THE  EDITOE  OP  THE  NOITHERIP  TIMES.  The  article  of  a  correspondent  in.  your  paper  to-day,  en  the  Sabbath  defence  meeting,  is  only  what  might  have  been  expected  after  such  a  meeting  from  one  of  his  school  of  Rationalism;  the  meeting  has  proved  - STYLE=superscript  to  be  a  severe  knock  oft  his  corns,  and  he  cries  out  evidently  •  in  pain.;  as  for  the  objects  that  meeting  being,  as  he  says,  tighten  the  bonds,  already  tight  enough,  in  which  onr  labouring  popu population  lation population  plods  unwearily  is,  to  say  the  least  of  it,  mis-stating  the  question  altogether.  .  Convert  the  Sabbith  into  a  day  of  pleasure'  arid  amusement,  as  your  correspon correspondent  dent correspondent  would,  and  that  would  create  labour  for  the  working  man,  and  impose  upon  him  bonds  that  he  has  no  desire  for for..  .. for..  —from  my  connection  with,  r.nd  knowledge  c  working  clams,  I  am  in  'a  positi.'n  to  that  the  really  sober,  industrious,  intelligent,  an(  gious  of  OA  working  classes  would  consider  such  a-S  as  your  correipondent  advocates,  more  a  curse  th  sing  to  them.  Your  correspondent  says  Were'  w  though  he,  wisely  for  hims(  not  venture  suet'  .an  attempt.  No  doubt  he,  and  like  him,  think  this  an  easy  t  as  k  ;  so  th  oug  ht  S  atar  _  _  we  could.  easily  quote  as  angel  of  Ught  he  quoted.  but  his  quotation  row  quotation,  and  The  arch-deceiver  was  toiled  ;  and  like  him  try  the  trick  must  fail.  The  Bible  is  plain  to  him  who  reads  aright,  and  w  heart  is  in  the  right  place.  And  what  does  the  Bible  The  carnal,  mind  is  enmity  against  God  ;  and  is  sabjcct  to  the  law  of  God,  neither  ini  can  it  '  And  why  ?  Because  such  a,  r  discerns  not  spiritually—not  according  to  the  spirit  of  gospel—but  carnally,  according  to  the'  maxims  and'  13(  of  the  world,  as  your  correspondent  evidently  does;  doing  so,  views  it  through  a  false  medium.  Now,  does  the  law  say  ?  It  says,  among  other  things,  6 STYLE=superscript  '  Thou  shalt  not  kill  but  the  same  law  also  says—'!Remember  the  Sabbath  day  to  keep  it  How  can  your  cor correspondent  respondent correspondent  get  over  this  quotation  ?  Does  he  mean  to  say  that  the  Fourth  Comma  n  d  ment  i  s  no  t  as  much  a  part  of  the  moral  law  as  the  Sixth,  or  any  other  of  the  Ten  Com Commandments;  mandments; Commandments;  and  that  this  moral  law  is  not  binding  on  us;  Christians  at  the  present'  day  ?  What  does  our  4  Great  who  was  Lord  o  f  th  e  S  a  bb  at  h  ,  [say  I  came  not  to  destroy  the  law,  but  to  fulfil  And  •  the  man  who  came  to  our  Saviour  and  said  he  had  kept  ill  the  commands  from  his  youth  up,  was  commended  bf  him  for  so  thou  doest  —so  much  for  our  great  Master's  life  and  to  which  your  correspon correspondentt,  dentt, correspondentt,  unfortunately  for  hims  e  lf,  alludes.  The  question  resolves  itself  into  this,  Are  we  to  observe  the  moral  law  or  not  If  you  throw  aside  one  of  the  commands  of  that  law,  why  not  throw  them  all  away  as  so  much  waste  paper  ?  But  I  scarcely  think  your  correspondent  will  venture  so  far.  though  consistently  he  should  ;  before  he  accuses  others  of  being  inconsistent,  he  should  be-  consistent  himself.  Now,  as  a  specimen  of  his  consistency  he'  says,  , STYLE=superscript  6  We  are  in  ,  favour  of  no  innovation,  of  no  Now  isithe  throwing  open  of  public  places  of  amusement  on  the  Lord's  Day,  and  making  it  instead  of  a  Christian  Sabbath  a  Continental  Sabbath,  which  is  no  Sabbath  at  all,  no  innovation—no  desecration  !  As  well  say  light  is  ,  darkness,  and  darkness  light.  Again,  as  to  our  great  Master's  teaching,  we  hope  we  know  the  spirit  of  that  teaching.  The  Pharissees  in  his  day  were  what  we  call  professors  in  our  day—men  who  observe  outward  forms  of  religion,  but  have  no  inward  living  spiritual  principle;  and  it  was  this  snook  observance  of  •the  Sabbath'  that  our  great  Master's  teaching  was  especially  directed  against;  not  against  the  true  worshippers,  who  worshipped  in  spirit  and  in  truth.  As  for  our  Saviour's  life,  as  regards  the  Sabbath,  he  and  his  disciples  observed  it  by  meeting  together  on  that  day  for  religious  service,  and  your  correspondent  is  labouring  under  a  sad  mistake  if  he  supposes  Christ's  life  in  any  way  favoured  such  an  observance  as  he  calls  rational.  As  for-thelrowing  intelligence  on  his  that  is  only  a  figure  of  speech.  and  easy  to  use  ;  it  may  ,  be  a  wordly  intelligence,  a  mammon  knowledge,  but  that  is  all,  and  the  Bible  says,  wisdom  of  this  world  is  foolishness  with  The  nation  that  honours  God,  he  will  honour  ;  take  away  our  Christian  Sabbaths,  and  we  s:t  aside  his  law,  and  dishonour  him;  and  when  a  nation  forgets  God,  that  nation's  fa'l  is  riot  far  distant,  her  glory  is  departed,  the  Bible  and  history  attest  this  great  fact,  A  SUBSCRIBER.  Liverpool,  25th  January,  1856.  [Contrary  to  our  usual  practice  we  have  given  insertion  to  the  above,  although  the  writer  has  not  given  us  his  name  or  address..  Any  further  communications  must  be  sent  in  conformity  with  our  regulation.--4:D.  N.  T.l  TO  THE  EDITOR.OF  THE  NORTHERN  TIMES.  -rc,  is  not  my  desire  to  waste  your  tint  - STYLE=superscript  t  in  introcluc-t  6  a  subject  to  you,  which  is  now  the  great  topic  of  public  conversation,  and  the  value  of  which  you  are  not  ignoran  of,  I  mean  the  Sabbath  defence  meeti  ng  .  On  rt  , STYLE=superscript  aciing  ovt  the'  'Post  this  morning,  I  saw  a  long  letter,  the  title,  which  is,  Saints  and  the  sinner  finishing  with  railing  against  our  priests  and  deacons  for  not  w  inc  , STYLE=superscript  to  cilurch,  and  allowing  th  e  i  r  se.  wants  an  opporttr  of  : STYLE=superscript  '  keeping  the  Sabbath.  Now  of  this  lam  positivr  cannot  prove,  in  one.  single  instance,  that  a  pries  ao.onntc  cprvsnt  is  kept.  from  his  place  of  worsubi,  I  Lord's  day.  But  this  is  not  my  service  he  at  present.  feet  in  Writing  ' STYLE=superscript  to  Thanks  to  the  clergy  and  laity  of  this  town  for  inter  esting  themselyei  in  the  cause  of  the  working  man's  bath  !  and  I  should  have  been  more  thankful  them  if  they  had  shown  more  zea  l  i  n  working  clerks'  Sabbath.  Who  is  there  that  toil  hard  next  to  the  working  man,  but  the  clerks  equal  to  them  ?  Take  one  single  instance  out  of  1,  hundreds.  The  young  man  is  bound  an  apprentice,  for  five  years,  for  which  he  receives  the  liberal  sum  of  £lOO  ;  he  is  expected  to  appear  well  dressed,  write  a  good  hand,  &amp;c.,  the  first  year  or  two  he  is  taught  Custom  House  work,  the  third  year  he  Is  allowed  to  report  a  steamer  at  the  Custom-house,  write  out  manifests,  and  to  despatch  her—which  always  goes  away  in  a  hurry—the  consequence  is,  you  are  over-worked,  late  nights  com commence,  mence, commence,  must  wait  at  the  consuls  for  her,  papers,  which,  after  a  quantity  of  sealing,  stamping,  :&amp;c.,  you  receive,  perhaps,  at  twelve  or  one  o'clock  at  ,night,  return  to  your  office,  and  find  your  employer  gone  home  some  time  ago,  and  a  polite  note  left  on  your  desk  desiring  you  to  see  them  put  on  hoard  the  steamer,  or  else  you  have  to  go  to  the  captain's  house,  he,  no  doubt,  living  at  the  north  end  of  the  town,  and  lat  the  south.  These  are  the  facts  of,  one  single  case,  and,  no  doubt,  many  more  could  be  brought  forward  to  show  the  necessity  of  giving  the  working  clerks  some  relaxation,  but  not  in  Sabbath  breaking  —no.  I  wi  s  h  to  urge  on  those  gentlemen  who  attended  the  meeting  on  Tuesday,  that  at  the  time  they  are  taking  the  interest  of  the  working  man  to  heart,  let  them  a  lso  think  of  their  own  clerks,  who  are  slaving  for  them  from  Monday  morning  till  Saturday  night.  Now,  I  am  far  from  wishing  a  secular  Sabbath,  because  I  think  that  God  will  visit  us  with  his  wrath,  and  vex  es,  with  his  sore  displeasure  ;  b  u  t  I  would  suggest  to  some  o  f  our  merchant  princes  that  they  should  close  their  ofacee  at  one  o'clock  on  Saturdays,  so  as  to  enable  us  to  visit  St.  GeUrge's-hall,  the  Derby  Museum,  or  the  Parka,  oz'  any  place  of  improvement,  or  amusement  combined,  that  we  might  think  proper,  which  is  now  closed  against  us:  I  believe  that  all  our  banks,  most  cotton  brokers,  and  wholesale  spirit  merchants,  close  at  that  time  on  Satur Saturdays.  days. Saturdays.  I  wish  to  ask  these  gentlemen,  since  they  have,  done  so,  have  they  fo  un  d  th  emse  l  ves  worse  off  at  the  enter  of  the  year  for  it'?  Have  their  clerks  taken  advantage  of  this  privilege  by  coming  late  on  Monday  morning  ?--No  Hoping  that  this  will  meet  the  eyes  of  some  of  the  con conscientious  scientious conscientious  masters  of  this  great  commercial  town,  and  that  I  may  live  to  see  the  day  when  Saturdays  are  given  for,  a  holiday,  1  remain  yours,  Ric.,  THE  WORKING  CLERK.  NAVAL  MEDALS  FOR  THE  KAFFIR  WAR.—The  Gazelle  contains  a  notice  that  her  Majesty  has  been  graciously  pleased  to  grant  a  medal  to  the  officers,  seamen,  and  marines  borne  on  board  hei  Majesty's  ships  Castor,  ilerme,  Styx,  Dee,  and  Rhadamanthus,  between  the  24th  of  December,  1850,  and  the  6th  of  Febinary,  1853,  for  their  services  ill  connection  with  the  army  engaged  in  the  Kaffir  war  during  that  period.  All  claimants  to  such  medal,  notwi!hstandinB  . STYLE=superscript  any  previous  applications,  should,  apply  personally,  or  by'  letter,  stating  particulars,  to  the  Accountant  -General  of  the  Navy,  Admiralty,  S  omer  s  e  t  H  ouse  (  w  i  t  h  Kaffir  Medal'  , STYLE=superscript  outside  the  appl,eatiori).  EXTRAORDINARY  RECOVERY  OF  3171.—0  n  Friday  mot  , STYLE=superscript  ning  the  police  received  information  that  3171.  ts  v° STYLE=superscript  watches,  &amp;c.,  being  a  portion  of  the  property  stole  o STYLE=superscript  from  Mr.  W.  Kinsey,  of  Penny  Park,  had  been  reco recovered  vered recovered  under  the-  following  singular  circumstances  appears  that  suspicion  attached  to  a  man  named  'Mule:  Kinsey,  who  was  apprehended,  but  discharged  for  Wan'  of  evidence.  H  e  su  b  sequently  becaMe  alarmed,  ,  absconded  from  his  employment,  which  led  Mr.  Super:  titendent  Gregory,  of  Crichowell,  to  believe  tit  he  (Daniel  Kinsey),  was  the  person  who  committed  0° STYLE=superscript  robbery;  he  accordingly  apprehended  him.  at  the  Cau  l STYLE=superscript  ,:  ,brian  Arms.  Crickh  owe  ll  ,  and  found  on  his  person  t:11'  cheque  for  2201.,  161.  lOs  in  gold,  lis.  in  silver,  two  silY('f  wateheS,  a  tailor's  bill  for  71.  10s.,  and  a  quant  i  t  y  of  wearing  amiarel,  watch,  &amp;c.,  were  found  at  his  1.  dging  s STYLE=superscript  ;  •  -and  two  receipts  for  401.  each,  deposited  in  the  Nation  3 STYLE=superscript  '  Provincial  Bank.  The  total  amount  stolen'  was  355/.,  gv  that  he  expended  in  about  ten  day  371.  13  s.  tak9n  before  a  bench  of  magistrates,  who  fully  coal'  mitted  him  for  trial.  THE  SUSPE  , STYLE=superscript  TED  MURDER  NEAR  RICHMOND  —On  Fri  evening,  Mr.  William  Carter,  the  coroner  For  East  Sucre}''  resumed,  for  the  third  time,  at  the  Crooked  Billet  - STYLE=superscript  Tave  r4 STYLE=superscript  f  in  this  town,  the  adj  ourne  d  inquest  respecting  the  death  i)d,  Mary  Ann  Peacock,  w  h  o,  it  is  allegcd,  had  b  een  mur  dere  together  with  her  infant  child,  by  two  men  nam  e  d  tively 'rop,c-tively'  Ford  an  d  Jackson,  bargemen,  in  the  emptoy  of  ~  Styles,  Long  Ditten.  •Some  additional  evidence  was  pat  ins  but  though  it  was  shown  that  Ford  (who  had  stated  that  ,  was  on  board  a  barge  from  ten  to  twelve  o'clock  on  o  night  of  M  on  d  ay  ,  t  h  e  14th  i  nst  .)  had  made  a  false  statemet)t  he  havin  g  b  een  a  t  th  e  R  ow  b  oat  public  house'up  to  half  - STYLE=superscript  P  ,s STYLE=superscript  ,  tett  o'clock,  yet  nothin  g  was  b  roug  h  t  forward  to  satisfile-f,  rily  dispel  the  u'certainty  connected  with  the  death  of  the  deceased.  these  circumstances  the  jury  returned  II:j  following  verdict  :—That  the  deceased  was  found  drovo  e STYLE=superscript  v  in  the  river  Thames,  with  ou  t  mar  k  s  of  violence  on  her  b°lA;:',„,  but  how  she  came  by  her  death  there  was  no  evidence  The  coroner  s  a  id  th  at  h  e  perfectly  concurred  i  n  , STYLE=superscript  v  verdict.  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLA,  FP,  of  21.  t  11°r STYLE=superscript  I;  street,  st  hls  a  eneral  Printing  and  Stationery  South  John-street,  Liverpool.  MONDAY,  JANUARY  28,1118."
