text
"I,fTS-IA  AND  TURKEY.  PROGRESS  OF  HOSTILITIES.  0  4.,  ( STYLE=superscript  Prom  our  Second  Edition  of  Yesterday.)  at  am  ll STYLE=superscript  .  l STYLE=superscript  t,ay37  operations  on  the  Danube  are  at  a  end  Still.  The  Russian  hospitals  are  as  full  as  icePriti:  Russian  consul  in  Servia,  had  announced  th  e  i  b  ;  e STYLE=superscript  Alexander  of  Servia  as  a  secret  adherent  to  , STYLE=superscript  ort  e  '&#34;  Va  r  i  °ll STYLE=superscript  t.  ll STYLE=superscript  23rd  of  November  the  elders  of  the  i  0  1:  11 STYLE=superscript  ,  8 STYLE=superscript  Servian.  districts  held  a  meeting,  and  re re.!  .! re.!  et`.;(l  to  watch  the  Prince's  movements.  They  tam  the  length  of  discussing  the  propriety  of  re reitig  itig reitig STYLE=superscript  i  leha  .  Prince  Milosch,  who,  from  his  exile  at  fro„,..er.  le  st,  has  lately  come  close  to  the  Servian  ~  , STYLE=superscript  a  A  ST  P  I  to  pr.  ETERSBURG,  2nd.—Rodzwitch,  late  secretary  '`  It  i,  'nee  Gortschakoff,  had  arrived  with  an  escort.  i,,'  generally  believed  that  he  and  another  Pole,  tr,„sed  of  having  kept  up  a  correspondence  with  '  eturks,  have  been  shot.  i  The  kt,Chronicle  states  that  news  had  been  received  ti  le  '''.  Petersburg  that  30,000  Turks,  who  had  passed  4  4  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  rnatchai,  near  Alexandrianople,  had  been  °  r  etr  e STYLE=superscript  n  hack  after  a  sharp  engagement.  They  were  /*  1,4  v  e STYLE=superscript  i  a STYLE=superscript  ting  on  Nov.  14th.  It  is  also  said  that,  in  f  1  , STYLE=superscript  4  ',tier  direction,  General  Brummer  charged  7,000  th  e  r STYLE=superscript  's  With  the  bayonet  and  completely  routed  1 STYLE=superscript  „lA,  taking  a  cannon,  standards,  and  a  part  of  ''  c STYLE=superscript  o  / STYLE=superscript  rurkish  train  and  ammunition.  (  i  ef  4SSA.—Advices  also  mention  that  the  Russians  14  e STYLE=superscript  ated  the  Turks  at  Agur,  in  the  Caucasus.  t  i  l  e STYLE=superscript  above  accounts  being  Russian,  the  usual  11%. STYLE=superscript  ances  must  be  made  for  exaggeration.  N  , STYLE=superscript  4 STYLE=superscript  e  Times  states  in  a  leading  article,  that  we  %,ttill  left  to  conjecture  what  was  the  precise  C:  1 STYLE=superscript  11t  and  character  of  the  Turkish  naval  force  I  , STYLE=superscript  l  !°Yed  at  Sinope.  k  e  excitement  at  Constantinople  by  the  news  tt  ah  e STYLE=superscript  i  ,c STYLE=superscript  tides  the  idea  that  it  was  a  mere  convoy  of  lisPort  3  ,  or  the  hulks  in  the  port;  and  it  is  de-  Oo  t  ed  by  the  Turks  as  a  flotilla  yet  it  does  ii,,  aPPear  that  more  than  two  or  three  Turkish  V  il  les  were  on  that  station  at  the  time.  It  is  re  Vable,  t  oo  ,  th  a  t  with  the  exception  of  Osman  PO  in  his  own  ship,  which  foundered  on  the  k.,,,age  to.Sebastopol;  no  mention  is  made  of  any  to  o STYLE=superscript  res.  All  the  other  vessels  are  stated  to  have  )t  k  ,  - STYLE=superscript  `  4 STYLE=superscript  destroyed,  and  it  is  added  that  the  carnage  of  t  '  'rightful.&#34;  If  it  should  turn  out  that  six  ships  k  tt  L STYLE=superscript  i  l STYLE=superscript  e  line  directed  their  fire  on  transports  crowded  11  14  troop  s  ,  and  wholly  incapable  of  defence,  and  it:  Slaughtered  those  unfortunate  wretches,  whom  111  ''''-  11 STYLE=superscript  (1  have  been  easy  to  take  prisoners  of  war,  ,e  tit,„Russians  would  stand  convicted  of  an  act  of  th  e  l  i STYLE=superscript  llar  atrocity,  and  the  victory  of  which  4  1  , STYLE=superscript  Y  boast  would  cover  them  with  disgrace.  kt  i  e STYLE=superscript  h  news  of  the  battle  was  brought  to  Con  - STYLE=superscript  Iti,;'  4 STYLE=superscript  4ople  on  the  3rd,  by  a  Turkish  steamer  cell  escaped  ;  by  her  report  the  Russians  began  Ito  t  il  l STYLE=superscript  ttack  by  an  attempt  to  cut  out  the  Turkish  with  boats,  but  not  accomplishing  this  r STYLE=superscript  ation,ktti,,  they  brought  their  line  of  battle-ships  to  44  1  '  4 STYLE=superscript  -  The  Turkish  vessels  were  unable  to  If  fe  t STYLE=superscript  o•  the  fire  with  much  effect,  and  the  Russians  r STYLE=superscript  ed  principally  from  the  fire  of  a  battery  tIY  constructed  for  the  protection  of  the  S  °ll STYLE=superscript  r.  The  Russians  terminated  the  engage-  It  tli  t STYLE=superscript  t  by  burning  the  vessels  they  had  not  already  Qk  t  oy  their  fire.  We  may  shortly  expect  to  hear  Ilk  t STYLE=superscript  ile  English  and  French  fleets  are  taking  their  kiiiieruise  in.the  Black  Sea,  and  it  remains  to  be  seen  it  ~,t  notice  the  cabinet  of  St.  Petersburg  will  think  0  1)11  '  h  take  of  this  demonstration.  There  is  no  t  ltt  u  q't  in  international  laws  for  any  remon-  S'ee  Russia  may  think  fit  to  make.  It  has,  N  ev STYLE=superscript  er,  been  more  than  once  indirectly  intimated  S  b STYLE=superscript  t  Russia  would  consider  the  entrance  of  foreign  ,  m STYLE=superscript  liti:„  i4 STYLE=superscript  to  the  Black  Sea  as  a  declaration  of  hos 'hos'  11  —.  Ile  Times  will  be  curious  to  learn  on  ‘  p  4 STYLE=superscript  r  t STYLE=superscript  o  g  r STYLE=superscript  ollnds  she  is  prepared  to  contend  for  such  g  N  josition  The  course  which  our  vessels  ;  43 STYLE=superscript  tir  s  ,,  a): STYLE=superscript  _,  may  be  compelled  to  adopt  on  this  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  et,  fl STYLE=superscript  eet  s STYLE=superscript  '  depends  entirely  on  that  of  the  Russian  '  4 STYLE=superscript  e  (  ii.:?r  it  is  certain  that  the  attitude  of  the  INb  e  .'ng  powers  will  be  of  a  strictly  pro pro.  . pro.  off  e  r  e STYLE=superscript  haracter  ;  though  if  any  opposition  should  ,4tr  u  d  to  the  progress  of  our  vessels,  they  have  eWts  which  to  meet  it.  The  Time  s  has  received  t  !kt  i  ,  i  '  4l STYLE=superscript  cll  makes  it  .  distrust  the  partial STYLE=superscript  Thecondi  condition  of  a STYLE=superscript  g:  ar  me  d  by  th  e  Turks  in  .  Asia.  ee  l  ,  is  b  y  b  y  no  means  favourable,  and  though  it  is  iti  as  ;N  h  ;  town  of  Akhaltsici  has  fallen,  the  Rus  - STYLE=superscript  NA  bold  the  castle  of  that  border  fortress.  Is  14  — STYLE=superscript  c STYLE=superscript  e  Woronzoff  has  recovered  from  his  illness,  W STYLE=superscript  hile  th  e  Turkish  reports  describe  the  army  of  gin  and  e!ii  ,the  the  ßt  Caucus  us  to  n  '  ou  bneee  thati  a  m  n  th  o  e  s  t  critical  ßusaian  .k.a  1 STYLE=superscript  is  about  to  assume  the  offensive,  and  march  hors  and  Erzeroum.  sirtEi,e  Turks  have  undoubtedly  taken  some  small  1 STYLE=superscript  )14  the  rumour  of  their  having  gained  deci decikiq  kiq decikiq  4 STYLE=superscript  dvantaaes  was  at  least  premature.  It  is  'ilti  rti  th STYLE=superscript  ere  is  - STYLE=superscript  a.  want  of  unity  and  authority  in  the  .  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  N,  4 STYLE=superscript  nd  of  the  Turkish  forces,  whilst  the  Russian  N  .  14 STYLE=superscript  Georgia  always  passed  for  a  corps  of  picked  4E  tt  ,  The  conduct  of  the  Persians  is  precisely  N  4  . STYLE=superscript  to  be  expected  from  that  perfidious  power;  ;°thge  circumstance  of  the  march  of  an  army  N  ti  c  frontier,  and  the  suspension  of  an  envoy's  Illi  2  11 STYLE=superscript  s  to  the  Shah,  as  reported  at  Constantinople,  hlitrero6  o  babl  Ay  add  still  further  complications  in  the  f  sia.  LATEST  PARTICULARS.  ANOTHER  BATTLE.  SLAUGHTER  OF  4,000  TURKS.  141 STYLE=superscript  t  trkklave  received  the  following  important  tele 'telel7'  a STYLE=superscript  dispatch;ll  I STYLE=superscript  NTA,  THURSDAY  MORNING.  — STYLE=superscript  The  Russian  N  e STYLE=superscript  :  4l STYLE=superscript  Andronikoff  has  totally  defeated  the  fila,  ill  a  battle  at  Akalsik,  on  the  borders  of  Sh  iiTc  Armenia.  A  le  !  , STYLE=superscript  Turks  left  4,000  slain  on  the  I STYLE=superscript  '  B STYLE=superscript  ,  Aghalzighe,  or  G  14i  4 STYLE=superscript  halzig,  is  a  province  of  t  1 STYLE=superscript  44  :  Turkey,p~  s  in  Armenia,  on  the  south-west  con-  N  e  ,  Of  Georgia.  It  derives  its  name  from  the  t STYLE=superscript  own  Akiska,  a  corruption  of  Akhissar,  or  St  C STYLE=superscript  astle;  but  it  is  called  Taik  by  the  inhabi inhabi't  't inhabi't  '  This  is  a  fertile  and  populous  country,  and  caintains  contain  the  richest  minerals;  how howmany  many howmany  depopulated  villages  show  that  it  t STYLE=superscript  :  4o STYLE=superscript  e  more  flourishing.  The  aborigines  are  101  l  distinguish  by  uncommonly  fine  thick  beards.  distinguish  them  from  the  new  settlers,  4 STYLE=superscript  t  i STYLE=superscript  e  l STYLE=superscript  ß  With  the  latter  they  practise  husbandry.  A  rig  bees,  and  the  culture  of  the  silk  - STYLE=superscript  worm,  It STYLE=superscript  k  t  ° STYLE=superscript  w  l. STYLE=superscript  l  is  open,  and  without  fortifications,  but  „  a  very  strong  and  lofty  castle,  which  the  1 STYLE=superscript  0  :; STYLE=superscript  kris  endeavoured,  about  30  years  ago,  in  vain  ke  ;  situated  on  the  left  bank  of  the  river  4  (3 STYLE=superscript  r  Cyrus,  which  arises  about  twelve  miles  to  Il STYLE=superscript  kti  c  ;  °4 STYLE=superscript  th-west.  Its  inhabitants  are  of  various  did  e  tl STYLE=superscript  '  , STYLE=superscript  Armenians,  Turks,  Jews,  and  Christians,  t STYLE=superscript  hel  ll STYLE=superscript  '3'  on  an  active  trade  with  Battoum,  a  port  on  t  Ne  t  k  Sea,  100  miles  distant,  and  intermediate  Zit  the  beside  mosques  it  contains  two  churches  k STYLE=superscript  i%t  a  T,  s  ,Christians  ;  and  the  Jews  have  a  synagogue.  k STYLE=superscript  qli:  l STYLE=superscript  90  miles  N.N.W.  of  Erivan,  100  S.W.  of  t'  •  k  t  l STYLE=superscript  s%  eo  the  journals  we  learn  that  :—No  fresh  (le (lett  tt (lett  %,  1  - STYLE=superscript  Leillated  to  throw  further  light  on  the  action  tli  e  ( STYLE=superscript  pe  have  come  to  hand,  and  from  the  banks  of  ,anUbe  we  only  learn  the  de  facto  suspen suspenli,ll  li,ll suspenli,ll  tq  w  ,Rostilities.  Military  operations  are  at  a  1,44  4  41 STYLE=superscript  1  everywhere,  even  at  Giurgevo,  where  the  , STYLE=superscript  Ptt  tt  ll STYLE=superscript  are  engaged  in  the  construction  of  a  fort.  k  ike....&#34;!e'reria  is  held  by  5,000  Turks.  Nothing  t  Tri  t.  l STYLE=superscript  raPortance  has  happened  at  Krajova  or  l  v  ti STYLE=superscript  A  ti  e STYLE=superscript  l  credit  accounts  received  from  St.  Peters Peters-I\ll  -I\ll Peters-I\ll  0  ,  53  e  Turk  s  h  ave  me  t  w  ith  di  sas  t  ers  i  n  A  s  ia  as  l STYLE=superscript  a  s  o  en  the  Black  Sea,  but  from  the  dates,  as  ti  t  ?;  t  o  r  t STYLE=superscript  her  circumstances  to  which  it  is  . STYLE=superscript  uuneces-  V  e STYLE=superscript  fer,  we  may  assume  these  accounts  to  be  iveencitirely  imaginative,  or  so  distorted  as  to  be  A  t  ,  h  e  of  all  claim  to  attention.  !li,NC,lebenburgen.  Boten  reports  that  General  I, STYLE=superscript  t'icl  h STYLE=superscript  ad  been  sent  to  Krajova,  with  orders  to  lis  t  li STYLE=superscript  eq  ß STYLE=superscript  t  e STYLE=superscript  „  t STYLE=superscript  he  Turks  from  Kalafat.  General  Anrepp  Rkik,.  'i  t  d.  '  i  II  _eneral  and  aide-de-cam  the  reserve  of  the  of  light  cavalry  of  of  the  41  e STYLE=superscript  t  o  I STYLE=superscript  R  et  11 STYLE=superscript  -SSian  S  and  Turks,  in  the  States  of  the  Powers,  have  been  placed,  by  mutual  under  the  protection  of  the  Austrian  11 STYLE=superscript  .  1 STYLE=superscript  t  t STYLE=superscript  t  ll STYLE=superscript  a  °  '4ll  l  '  tb.  '  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  e  --e STYLE=superscript  Constantinople  journals  of  the  2Sth  - STYLE=superscript  mari  e  \ie STYLE=superscript  n  i  ns.  correspondent  of  The  Times  thus  the  news  received  up  to  that  date:—  Turkish  bulletin  respecting  the  operations  of  the  European  army  attributes  the  retreat  of  Omar  Pacha  to  the  necessity  which  there  was  for  getting  his  troops,  which  had  begun  to  suffer  from  the  biting  cold,  into  their  winter  quarters  on  the  right  bank  of  the  river.  On  the  11th  of  November,  on  which  day  the  snow  had  begun  to  fall,  there  was  but  one  battalion  with  two  batteries  left  on  the  island  between  Turtukai  and  Oltenitza.  On  the  following  day  the  Russians  made  an  attack  on  the  tete  de  pont  on  the  island,  but  were  repulsed  by  Hall  Pacha..  The  Russians  sent  in  shells  and  grape  shot  for  about  an  hour,  but  did  no  damage.  Among  the  foreigners  who  distinguished  them themselves  selves themselves  at  Olteniza,  in  the  sallies  made  against  the  Cossacks,  were  the  Spanish  Commander  Pita  del  Corro  and  Captain  Rhodes.  General  Prim  and  his  staff  rendered  Omar  Pacha  great  assistance.  The  inhabitants  of  some  of  the  villages  and  hamlets  in  the.  neighbourhood  of  Kalafat  went  to  Ismail  Pacha  to  thank  him  for  the  protection  afforded  them;  and  to  punish  them  for  this,  the  Russians  billeted  troops  on  them,  and  threatened  to  burn  their  houses  over  their  heads,  if  they  did  not  take  up  arms  and  enter  the  Russian  ranks.  On  the  4th  November,  the  day  on  which  the  Russians  got  so  mauled  at  Oltenitza,  a  troop  of  mounted  Cos Cossacks  sacks Cossacks  and  Wallachians  (from  greater  Wallachia)  entered  the  village  of  Maglavit,  which  is  a  few  English  miles  from  Kalafat,  and  after  ill-treating  the  inhabitants,  plundered  their  houses,  and  killed  their  cattle.  At  the  approach  of  Ismail  Pacha,  who  left  a  garrison  at  Maglavit,  the  mauraders  fled.  The  bulletin  relative  to  the  army  in  Anatolia  tells  us  that  on  the  10th.  of  November  Ali  Pacha,  a  General  of  Brigade,  and  Colonel  Hassan  Bey,  marched  against  the  fortress  of  Achalzich,  which  the  Turks  call  Akiska.  The  Russians  made  a  sally,  but  were  repulsed  with  considerable  loss.  After  the  rencontre,  the  Turks  occupied  the  village  of  Soklis,  at  no  great  distance  from  Achalzich.  Some  doubts  naturally  arise  concerning  the  correctness  of  the  Turkish  bulletin,  as  we  directly  after  read,  that  three  Russian  battalions  and  1,500  horse,  with  40  guns,  had  forced  their  way  through  the  Turkish  district  of  Loseo,  as  far  as  Bedleh,  where  they  met  with  the  Turks,  under  the  Beys  Izzet  and  Achmet.  We  are  informed  that  the  Russians  lost  300  men.  among  whom  was  one  officer  and  several  non-com non-commissioned  missioned non-commissioned  officers.  These  skirmishes,  for  probably  they  were  little  more,  are  of  little  real  importance,  but  not  so  the  following  news,  if  true  :—When  the  Russians  returned  to  Achalzich  the  gates  were  closed,  and  the  inhabitants  fired  upOn  them  ;  the  troops,  however,  succeeded  in  forcing  their  way  into  the  town,  where  they  had  a  sharp  encounter  with  the  people.  The  notables  of  the  place  were  taken  as  hostages,  but  one  of  them,  who  had  kiiled  four  Russians,  was  beheaded.  A  corps,  under  the  Mudir  of  Erdeham,  met  with  1,000  Cossacks,  and  killed  some  50  of,  them.  The  com commander  mander commander  of  Divan,  who  has  but  2,000  men  under  his  command,  has  applied  to  the  Persian  authori authorities  ties authorities  on  the  frontiers  for  assistance  against  Selim  Pacha,  who  is  in  the  west  and  south  with  7,000  troops  of  the  line,  and  Schamyl,  who  is  in  the  east.  This  same  governor  has  arrested  the  Patri Patriarch  arch Patriarch  of  Etchamiadsin,  who  is  the  head  of  the  Arme Armenian  nian Armenian  Christians  in  Russian  Armenia,  because  he  did  not  seek  to  prevent  the  emigration  of  his  flock  to  Van,  on  the  other  side  of  the  frontier.  This  news  will  somewhat  startle  those  who  have  hitherto  be  lieved  that  non-Greek  Christians  are  happier  under  Russian  than  under  Turkish  rule.  The  Medari  Tidjaret,  the  capture  of  which  was  mentioned  yes yesterday,  terday, yesterday,  proves  to  be  the  vessel  which  was  taken  by  the  Bessarabia  with  a  cargo,  not  of  but  of  copper  on  board.  The  captain,  a  Dalmatian  with  a  part  of  his  crew,  put  into  a  boat  and  left  the  steamer  to  her  fate.  The  English  engineer,  the  stokers,  and  some  of  the  passengers,  who  refused  to  quit  the  vessel,  fell  into  the  hands  of  the  Rus Russians.  sians. Russians.  The  Medari-Tidjaret  belonged  to  a  Turkish  company,  and  is  said  to  have  had  2,000,000  piastres  as  well  as  copper  on  board.  It  was  sus suspected,  pected, suspected,  but  not  positively  known,  at  Constanti Constantinople,  nople, Constantinople,  that  the  Pervas  (she  was  taken  by  the  Viadimar)  had  met  with  some  accident.  According  to  advices  brought  by  the  last  Austrian  steamer  Europa,  from  Trebizond,  three  Turkish  steam  frigates  had  returned  in  safety  to  Sinope,  after  having  landed  a  large  supply  of  arms  and  ammu ammunition  nition ammunition  on  the  Circassian  coast,  near  Ghelendshik  (almost  at  the  northern  extremity  of  the  Caucasus.)  The  mountaineers  came  down  in  thousands  to  re receive  ceive receive  the  weapons.  It  is  also  said  that,  in  another  direction,  General  Brummer  charged  7,000  .  Turks  with  the  bayonet,  and  completely  routed  them,  taking  a  cannon,  two  standards,  and  a  part  of  the  Turkish  train  and  The  following  also  is  from  our  Second  Edition  of  yesterday—  SPAIN—MADRID,  10TH.—The  decree  closing  the  Cortes  read  by  the  president  on  closing  the  session,  made  a  favourable  impression  on  the  public.  PARIS,  WEDNESDAY.—The  funds  declined  con considerably.  siderably. considerably.  Three  per  Cents  closed  at  75f.  15c.,  and  Four-and  a-Half  per  Cents  at  102.  THE  PRESTON  STRIKE.  -  On  yesterday,  the  London  trades  delegates  published  an  address  to  the  operatives  exhorting  them  to  maintain  the  strike.  An  accident  occurred  in  a  coalpit  at  Wordsley  near  Stone Stonebridge,  bridge, Stonebridge,  early  on  Saturday  last,  by  which  four  men,  one  boy  and  three  horses  lost  their  lives.  An  unfavourable  opinion  has  been  expressed  of  Samuel Samuelson's  son's Samuelson's  digging  machine,  by  the  Berwickshire  farmers'  club,  after  trial.  No  further  deaths  from  cholera  have  taken  place  up  to  last  evening,  although  the  contrary  had  been  stated  through  town.  Her  Majesty  the  Queen,  in  consideration  of  the  severity  of  the  season,  and  the  excessive  price  of  every  necessary  of  life,  has,  with  her  usual  royal  munificence,  announced  her  gracious  intention  of  contributing  £250  towards  the  funds  of  the  association  for  promoting  the  relief  of  destitution  in  the  metropolis.  .  FlRE.—List  night,  about  half-past  six  o'clock  a  fire  broke  out  in  a  hay-loft  contiguous  and  to  connected  withthe  exten extensive  sive extensive  brewery  belonging  to  F.  S.  Eld  and  Co.,  Pepper-street,  Richmond-road.  Soon  after  the  alarm  was  given,  belonging  to  the  Rose-hill  station,  were  on  the  spot,  and  were  quickly  followed  by  the  fire  brigade  under  the  super superintendence  intendence superintendence  of  Mr.  Hewitt,  and  the  fire  was  speedily  extin extinguished,  guished, extinguished,  but  not  until  damage  to  the  amount  of  between  430  and  £4O,  had  been  done.  From  the  prompt  attend attendance  ance attendance  of  the  fire  brigade  may  be  attributed  the  saving  of  a  large  amount  of  property.  The  damage  is  fully  covered  by  the  insurance,  the  property  being  insured  in  the  Norwich  Union  fire-office.  GENERAL  HOLIDAY.—To  promote  the  observance  of  a  general  holiday  on  Monday,  the  26th  inst.,  the  Bank  of  England  and  the  other  bankers  will  present  on  the  previous  Saturday  all  bills  that  fall  due  on  the  26th  and  that  are  not  addressed  at  any  banking  establishment.  It  is  understood  that  the  transfer-offices  at  the  Bank  of  England  will  be  closed,  and  also  the  Stock-Exchange.  Nothing  has  trans transpired  pired transpired  with  regard  to  the  intentions  of  the  government.  It  appears  now  to  be  generally  considered  that  the  law  would  fully  authorise  the  proclamation  of  a  distinct  holiday,  and  the  convenience  to  trade  would  be  universal  if  the  latter  were  definitively  settled  in  that  manner.  Uunder  any  cir circumstances,  cumstances, circumstances,  however,  it  is  assumed  that  notices  will  be  issued  of  arrangemeuts  for  limiting  the  duties  of  all  the  public  offices  as  much  as  possible.  VISIT  OF  THE  RT.  HON.  B.  DISRAELI  TO  THE  EARL  OF  DERBY,  AT  KNOWSLEY  HALL  ,-Y-AB  ,.  we  before  announced,  the  Rt.  Hon.  Mr.  Disraeli,  the  ehancell9r  of  the  exchequer  under  the  Earl  of  Derby's  governmencarrived  during  the  past  week  at  Knowsley,  on  a  visit  to  the  noble  earl,  who  has  been  for  some  time  suffering  from  a  very  severe  attack  of  gout,  which  entirely  confined  him  to  his  room.  The  friends  of  the  noble  earl  will  be  glad  to  learn  that  he  is  now  so  far  recovered  as  to  be  enabled  to  attend  to  his  ordinary  avocations,  although  we  believe  the  noble  lord  has  not  yet  ventured  very  far  beyond  the  precincts  of  Knowsley.  The  ex-chancellor  left  Knowsley  on  Monday  last,  we  believe,  for  the  metropolis  •  and  it  is  said  his  visit  to  the  ex-premier  partook  more  of  a  political  than  a  social  or  friendly  character.  The  real  object  of  the  meeting  of  the  tory  chiefs,  was  to  decide  upon  the  course  of  political  action  to  be  taken  in  the  next  session  of  parliament.  A  prompt  decision  was  essen essential  tial essential  on  this  point  ;  and  as  Lord  Derby's  illness  confined  him  to  his  room,  Mr.  Disraeli's  presence  was  required  at  Knowsley.  REPORTED  -DISTURBANCE  IN  SEEL-STREET  CHAPEL.  —  Yesterday  morning  a  report  was  in  circulation  that  a  dis disturbance  turbance disturbance  had  been  created  in  Seel-street  Roman  Catholic  chapel,  by  a  person  who  opposed  the  priest.  It  appears  that  the  Rev.  Mr.  Furlong  has  been  preaching  at  this  chapel  for  some  time  past,  and  that  considerable  numbers  attend  daily  at  his  discourse.  Yesterday  morning.  about  8  o'clock,  the  chapel  was  full,  and  the  priest  was  addressing  the  people  on  religious  subjects,  when  a  person  stood  up  and  used  some  language,  which  it  was  imagined  was  insulting'to,  and  ten tended  ded tended  to  interrupt,  the  speaker.  The  circumstance  caused  some  excitement,  but  it  was  soon  allayed,  the  party  being  dis discovered  covered discovered  to  be  a  person  named  Reynolds,  who  it  appears  be became  came became  so  nervously  excited  as  to  stand  up  and  utter  some  exclamations  in  praise  of  the  speaker's  eloquence.  He  was  taken  into  the  vestry,  but  at  first  there  appeared  serious  symp symptoms  toms symptoms  of  confusion  amongst  the  people,  as  they  imagined  he  was  an  intruder,  but  on  learning  the  real  state  of  the  case  order  was  restored.  The  above  are  the  facts,  which  in  the  course  of  the  day  were  much  exaggerated  through  the  town,  HEALTH  COMMITTEE-YESTERDAY,  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  the  committee  was  held  yes-  terday,  at  half-past  two  o'clock.  Mr.  LANGSDALE  in  the  chair.  Other  members  present:  Messrs.  Beckwith,  Moss,  Dover,  Halhead,  Holt,  Nicholson,  Fleming,  Godfrey,  McNicoll,  Robertson  Gladstone..  Mr.  Moss  inquired  if  Mr.  Newlands  had  not  now  been  in  London  a  month  ?  He  should  like  then  to  know  whether  previous  to  Mr.  Newlands  going  he  had  intimated  to  the  committee  that  his  services  were  required  in  London  ?  The  CnAIRM  replied  that  they  had  received  no  such  intimation.  Mr.  Moss  considered  that  Mr.  Newlands'  omission  was  disrespectful  to  the  committee,  to  say  the  least  of  it:  Mr:  BECKWITH  observed  that  Mr.  Newlands  had  to  go  to  London  in  reference  to  the  sanitary  measures.  He  should,  however,  complain  that  any  account  of  the  expenses  so  in incurred  curred incurred  on  such  occasions  were  never  laid  before  the  com committee,  mittee, committee,  because  it  was  by  the  direction  of  the  committee  that  the  expenditure  was  incurred.  Mr.  Moss  :  then  has  Mr.  Newlands  gone  to  London  on  our  business  ?  Mr.  BECKWITH  :  yes.  The  CHAIRMAN  observed  that  he  had  only  heard  in  an  indirect  way,  that  Mr.  Newlands  had  gone  on  their  errand.  Mr.  McGowAN  explained  that  in  the  drawing  of  sanitary  clauses  much  time  was  spent,  and  profes  s  i  ona  l  information  required,  almost  every  moment,  by  the  counsel  engaged  in  framing  the  bill.  It  was  therefore  on  that  account,  most  probably,  that  the  town  clerk  detained  Mr.  Newlands.  The  subject  then  dropped.  Mr.  J.  H.  HORSFALL  waited  on  the  committee,  according  to  appointment,  and  again  preferred  his  complaint  in  almost  the  same  terms  that  he  used  at  the  last  meeting  against  their  officer,  Freeny.  He  observed  that  since  he  h  a  d  b  een  last  before  them,  Mr.  Mansfield  had  decided  the  point  aga  i  ns  t  him,  but  as  that  decision,  as  he  understood  it,  was  purely  on  a  point  of  law,  it  did  not  at  all  affect  his  complaint.  The  law  directed  that  the  party  in  whose  hands  the  nuisance  was  found  should  be  fined,  but  what  he  complained  of  was  the  statement  on  the  ‘  part  of  the  officer  that  the  nuisance  arose  on  his  property.  He  was  bound,  however,  to  give  the  officer  the  benefit  of  the  fact,  namely,  that  though  he  understood  him  to  swear  that  the  nuisance  did  not  originate  in  the  house  in  which  it  really  had  its,  rise,  Mr.  Mansfield  said  that  he  understood  him  to  say  that  the  nuisance  did  not  Arise  in  any  house  belonging  to  Mr.  Gillespie.  Mr.:GAnNurr,  clerk  to  the  magistrates.  who  was  in  kt kttendance,  tendance, kttendance,  said  that  that  was  what  the  officer  swore.  Mr.  Gillespie  was  the  real  complainant  in  the  matter,  and,  in  reply  to  Mr.  Mansfield,  Freeny  said  that  the  water  did  not  flow  from  any  house  belonging  to  Mr.  Gillespie.  From  the  statement  of  Freeny,  who  was  present  to  hear  the  complaint,  it  appeared  that  he  did  not  imagine  that  the  water  could  have  come  from  any  of  the  houses  in  the  neigh neighbourhood,  bourhood, neighbourhood,  inasmuch  as  they  were  all  sewered.  He  had  in  fact  visited  the  house,  from  which  it  was  now  plain  the  water  came,  on  the  cleansing  of  a  pig-sty  which  was  on  the  pre premises  mises premises  ;  but  when  he  was  there  the  place  was  concealed,  and  it  was  this  fact  which  strengthened  him  in  his  error.  Mr.  FRESH  said  that  he  had  been  pressed  by  Dr.  Suther Sutherland  land Sutherland  to  look  at  once  after  the  nuisances  arising  from  stagnant  water  in  the  locality  in  question,  and  that  any  blame  attach attachable  able attachable  to  the  officer,  he  took  on  himself,.  as  the  officer  acted  under  his  directions.  Moreover,  the  information,  according  to  the  law,  could  have  been  made  in  no  form.  Mr.  GARNETT  said  that  at  the  conclusion  of  the  case,  Mr.  Mansfield  observed  that  he  conceived  no  blame  attached  to  the  officer,  for  that  he  had  acted  to  the  best  of  his  ability.  Mr.  HORSFALL  /said  that  if  he  had  heard  at  that  time  that  observation  of  Mr.  Mansfield,  he  would  not  have  so  occupied  the  attention  of  the  committee.  Nothing  but  a  sense  of  public  duty  had  induced  him  to  come  forward,  as  he  thought  it  was  the  duty  of  the  officer  to  have  summonid  the  parties  who  originated  the  nuisance,  and  so  do  away  with  it.  Mr.  FRESH  observed  that  Freeny  had  been  many  years  in  the  service,  and  that  a  complaint  had  never  before  been  made  against  him.  A  desultory  conversation  took  place  on  the  subject.  No  substantive  resolution  was  moved,  but  it  was  the  opinion  of  the  committee  that  at  the  time  Mr.  Horsfall  was  summoned,  the  other  parties  should  also  have  been  summoned  ;  and  that  Freeny  in  not  having  done  that  was  in  some  measure  want wanting  ing wanting  in  diligence.  THE  SMOKE  NUISANCE.  The  following  was  contained  in  the  report  of  the  sub subcommittee  committee subcommittee  :  W.  Connachie,  civil  engineer,  who  has  acted  for  the  previous  health  committee  in  assisting  to  suppress  the  nuisance  (smoke),  attended  the  sub  committee,  and  explained  that  the  smoke  issuing  from  marine  and  land  engine  fur furnaces,  naces, furnaces,  could,  without  injury  to  the  proprietors,  be  so  far  prevented  as  not  to  become  any  annoyance  to  the  public  ;  and  that  by  carrying  out  the  necessary  arragements  for  the  purpose,  a  saving  of  fuel  would  accrue  more  than  sufficient,  in  most  cases,  to  remunerate  for  any  outlay  required  to  alter  defective  The  sub-committee  recommended  that  the  suggestion  be  acted  upon.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  that  on  the  river  the  nuisance  was  intolerable.  On  going  on  the  landing-stage  a  few  mornings  ago,  the  atmosphere  all  around  was  one  dense  mass  of  smoke.  Mr.  Moss  observed  that  after  the  very  ungenerous  way  in  which  the  committee  had  been  treated  by  gentlemen  in  the  council,  he  felt  almost  unwilling  to  interfere  any  further  in  the  matter.  He  did  not  know  what  the  motives  of  thoie  gentlemen  might  be  whether  they  arose  from  per personal  sonal personal  pique  or  otherwise—but  whatever  their  motives  might  be,  he  hoped  they  would,  on  consideration,  see  the  impor importance  tance importance  of  giving  the  committee  their  countenance  and  support  instead  of  throwing  every  obstacle  in  the  way.  He  would  propose  that  they  should  deal  with  the  steamers  first  ;  so  that  when  they  came  before  the  council  again  they  would  be  able  to  defeat  the  clique  which  had  endeavoured  to  pre prevent  vent prevent  them  in  abating  the  nuisance.  Mr.  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE  observed  that  the  committee  would  be  glad  to  hear  from  any  members  of  the  council  any  suggestions  that  they  might  offer  en  a  subject  of  so  m  uc  h  importance  to  the  town.  But  if  any  objections  were  made,  he  trusted  they  would  not  come  from  those  who  were  positively  contributing  in  their  own  bussiness  to  the  nuisance;  but  that  all  suggestions  and  objections  would  be  made  apart  from  private  considerations.  Mr.  GODFREY  having  asked  some  questions  in  reference  to  a  point  in  one  of  the  reports.  Mr.  BECKWITH  remarked  that  if  gentlemen  attended  the  committee  on  Tuesdays  they  would  have  no  need  to  ask  such  questions,  and  consequently  no  delay  would  take  place  in  the  business.  Mr.  GODFREY  should  object  to  such  remarks—it  was  ri ridiculous  diculous ridiculous  to  hear  them.  What  brought  them  there  but  to  discuss  the  question,  and  he  should  therefore  protest  against  any  such  remarks  as  those  used  by  Mr.  Beckwith.  The  MEDICAL  OFFICER  of  Health  reported  that  the  com comparatively  paratively comparatively  high  mortality  noticed  last  week  from  the  unusual  prevalence  of  inflammatory  diseases  of  the  lungs  still  con continues.  tinues. continues.  The  deaths  registered  in  the  week  ending  on  Saturday  last  were  241,  being  six  fewer  than  in  the  previous  week,  and  thirty-two  more  than  the  average  of  the  same  week  in  the  preceding  five  years.  In  the  parish  the  deaths  were  180,  and  in  the  out-townships,  61.  Of  the  total  241  deaths  not  less  than  104  are  from  diseases  of  the  lungs,  the  mortality  from  which  has  increased  three-fold  since  the  end  of  October.  The  deaths  from  zymotic  diseases  were  61,  in including  cluding including  15  from  hooping  cough  ;  19  from  cholera  ;  7  from  diarrhoea  ;  6  from  typhus  ;  5  from  measles  ;  4  from  scarlatina  ;  2  from  small-pox;  and  4  from  syphilis.  The  severe  weather  had  been  chiefly  fatal  to  infant  life,  nearly  58  per  cent.  of  the  deaths  having  occurred  below  the  age  of  five.  Mr.  Dentith  requested  the  sanction  of  the  committee  for  the  erection  of  a  slaughter  house  on  the  south  side  of  Lydia  Ann-street,  he  undertaking  to  construct  it  to  the  satisfaction  of  the  committee.  The  medical  officer  of  health  having  in inspected  spected inspected  the  premises,  was  of  opinion  that  no  special  objection  exists  to  the  site,  on  sanitary  grounds.  Allowed,—subject  to  the  decision  of  the  medical  officer.  Mr.  RISHTON,  the  building  surveyor,  reported  the  inspec inspection  tion inspection  of  170  dilapidated  privies  and  ashpits,  142  of  which  were  undergoing  alterations  and  repairs,  and  28  of  which  re required  quired required  such,  together  with  various  other  details  in  his  de department.  partment. department.  -  Mr.  NEWLANDS,  the  borough  engineer,  reported  nu numerous  merous numerous  particulars  of  the  work  done  and  in  hand  in  his  de department.  partment. department.  _  _  -  Mr.  FRESH,  the  inspector  of  nuisances,  reported  the  emptying  of  1,034  cess-pools,  the  inspection  of  84  nuisances  complained  of  by  inhabitants,  and  the  reference  of  113  others  to  the  borough  engineer,  for  remedy  by  drainage,  &amp;c.,  with  a  detail  of  other  operations  of  his  staff,  including  par particulars  ticulars particulars  of  a  sanitary  examination  of  525  court-houses,  and  331  cellars,  formerly  cleared  of  inmates  in  the  lower  parts  of  the  town,  and  from  which  it  appeared  that  the  sanitary  offi officers  cers officers  had  made  special  examinations  during  the  the  week,  of  1,280  different  apartments  in  street  houses,  and  1746  rooms  in  court-houses  in  the  districts  named,  for  the  purpose  of  era eradicating  dicating eradicating  unhealthiness  therefrom,  besides  the  cellar  inspec inspections  tions inspections  above  named.  In  answer  to  Mr.  Robertson  Gladstone,  The  MEDICAL  OFFICER  said  that  the  cases  of  cho cholera  lera cholera  reported,  had  all  occurred  in  the  same  locality  as  that  in  which  the  case  reported  at  the  last  meeting  had  oc occurred.  curred. occurred.  At  present,  however,  there  was  no  fear  of  its  spreading,  as  the  ordinary  and  invariable  evidences,  such  as  a  prevalence  of  looseness  of  the  bowels,  were  at  present  al altogether  together altogether  absent.  The  cases  occurred  chiefly  amongst  drunkards,  and  though  there  were  localities  as  wretched  and  as  poor  as  that  in  which  the  disease  now  appeared  (Vauxhall-road),  yet  he  attributed  its  lodging  there  to  the  open  and  undrained  land  about  it,  which  added  an  undue  moisture  to  the  atmosphere.  The  committee  then  adjourned.  SPORTING  INTELLIGENCE.  LATEST  BETTING.  TATTERSALLS  -YESTERDAY  EVENING,  LIVERPOOL  STEEPLE  CHASE.  9  to  1  on  the  field.  20  to  1  against  Sir  Peter  Laurie  (taken.)  DERBY.  9  to  1  against  King  Tom.  20  to  1  against  Ruby.  30  to  1  against  Bojardo  (all  taken).  DOCK  COMMITTER—YEsTERDAY.  The  weekly  meeting  of  the  Dock  committee,  was  held  at  one  o'clock  yesterday.  Charles  Turner,  Esq.  in  the  chair.  A  report  was  read  from  the  committee,  in  reference  to  the  construction  of  a  new  landing-stage  .  The  committee  produced  a  plan  of  Prince's-dock,  showinc  , STYLE=superscript  the  site  which  it  was  proposed  to  widen  by  15  feet  to  the  length  b STYLE=superscript  of  1000  feet,  but  the  committee  were  strongly  of  'opinion  that  the  addi additional  tional additional  width  would  be  carried  through  the  whole  length,  and  that  the  dock  estate  would  receive  some  compensation  from  the  council  :  [for  which  they  instanced  the  land  at  the  west  side  of  George's-dock,  being  corporation  property.  The  Prince's  parade  was  at  present  30  feet  wide,  and  by  throwing  back  the  wall  it  would  give  45  feet,  which  would  be  quiet  sufficient,  and  would  leave  to  the  dock  estate  a  width  of  135  feet  within  the  boundary  wall,  and  supposing  that  warehouses  of  90  feet  width  were  erected  that  would  be  45  feet  left  between  the  back  of  the  warehouses  and  the  boundary  wall,  which  would  be  sufficient.  The  committee  on  taking  the  matter  into  consideration,  thought  it  would  be  far  better  and  more  convenient  to  the  public  to  give  them  a  sight  at  the  north  as  well  as  the  south,  and  that  the  in increased  creased increased  width  should  be  carried  as  far  as  the  entire  length,  under  which  circumstances  they  thought  it  fair  that  the  Corporation  should  give  the  dock  estate  a  sum  equivalent  in  land  for  the  land  thus  given  up.  MR.  GREGSON,  thought  that  the  dock  estate  would  be  benefited  by  the  alteration  they  ought  not  to  call  upon  the  Council  for  any  compensation.  Mn.  BROCKLEBANK,  thought  it  would  be  as  much  an  ad advantage  vantage advantage  to  the  town,  as  to  the  dock  estate,  and  therefore,  the  Council  ought  to  give  an  equivalent  in  land.  MR.  GLADSTONE  asked  under  what  management  was  the  stage  to  be  ?  The  CHAIRMAN  :  I  apprehend  under  that  of  the  finance  committee,  as  they  are  to  pay  the  whole  of  the  expenses.  The  present  landing  stage  is  ~under  our  management,  although  we  derive  no  benefit  from  it,  as  we  have  to  pay  all  the  expense.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  thought  the  management  would  be  far  better  in  the  hands  of  the  committee.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  That  will  be  for  the  finance  committee  to  decide.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  asked  what  quantity  of  land  was  pro proposed  posed proposed  to  be  given  up.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  the  sub-committee  recommended  that  the  whole  3300  yards,  in  round  numbers,  should  be  taken,  but  the  council  only  applied  for  half,  or  about  1650  yards.  His  impression  was,  that  the  council  thought  as  they  were  to  expend  £140,000  or  £150,000,  and  take  upon  themselves  the  management  of  the  stage  there,  the  dock-committee  ought  to  throw  open  the  1650  yards  of  land  without  asking  for  any  compensation.  Mr.  EVANS  was  of  opinion  that  the  town  would  derive  the  whole  benefit  from  the  project,  and  that  the  dock  estate  might  as  well  be  asked  to  pay  for  the  mayor's  carriage.  Why  should  the  committee  give  up  everything  to  the  council?  Had  they  not  to  pay  the  council  for  everything  ?  For  every  penny  of  advantage  which  the  dock  estate  would  derive  from  the  work  he  maintained  that  the  town  would  get  £l.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  asked  at  what  price  the  land  might  be  estimated  ?  Mr.  HARTLEY  said  £5  a  yard.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  :  I  think  it  must  be  worth  more.  Mr.  EvANs  :  For  the  purpose  it  is  worth  [more  than  £2O.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  :  I  was  putting  it  down  at  about  £lO.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  Mr.  Hartley  had  explained  to  him  that  he  meant  £5  as  the  value  which,  under  the  circum circumstances,  stances, circumstances,  they  might  ask  of  the  corporation,  but  that  the  land  was  intrinsically  worth  much  more.  After  some  desultory  conversation  upon  the  subject,  Mr.  RANKIN  proposed  that  the  question  be  referred  back  to  the  sub-committee  to  confer  with  the  finance  committee  of  the  corporation,  with  the  recommendation  that  they  in intimate  timate intimate  to  the  finance  committee  that  the  dock  estate  were  willing  to  give  up  land  1,000  feet  in  length  by  15  in  width,  but  as  a  contingent  upon  the  corporation  taking  the  re remainder  mainder remainder  of  the  whole:length,  at  the  same  width,  and  giving  an  equivalent  to  the  dock  estate  for  the  latter  portion  out  of  the  land  on  the  west  side  of  George's  dock.  Mr.  LrrrLEDILE  seconded  the  motion.  Mr.  ROBINSON  moved  as  an  amendment,  that  inasmuch  as  giving  up  to  the  town  council  even  the  smaller  portion  of  land  in  question  would  involve  a  diminution  of  the  ware warehouses  houses warehouses  to  be  erected  on  the  west  quay  of  the  Prince's  dock,  and  be  otherwise  prejudicial  to  the  dock,  therefore  a  con considerable  siderable considerable  loss  to  the  dock  estate,  the  committee  are  of  opin opinion  ion opinion  that  the  estate  ought  to  receive  compensation  for  the  whole  of  the  land  so  given  up.  Mr.  Evens  seconded  the  amendment.  The  question  was  then  put,  when  there  appeared  7  for  the  amendment  and  9  against  it.  The  amendment  was  accordingly  declared  lost.  Mr.  GREGSON  moved  another  amendment,  to  the  effect  that  the  whole  specified  quantity  of  land,  with  any  further  quantity  which  might  be  required,  be  appropriated  to  the  corporation  free  of  all  cost.  The  amendment  was  not  seconded,  and  therefore  fell  to  the  ground.  Mr.  EVANS  :  Well,  I  am  very  glad  we  have  got  rid  of  that  idea.  That.  has  been  disposed  of  now,  and  I  hope  it  will  never  come  forward  again.  (H  ear,  h  ear,  and  laughter).  Mr.  BAXVISIII-I.Z.  motive  U.l  613u.0  rut,  anti  taw  divided  equally,  there  being  8  for  it  and  8  against.  The  chairman  therefore  gave  his  casting  vote  for  it,  and  it  was  accordingly  declared  carried.  Mr  Evans  protesting  against  the  casting  vote  of  the  chairman  being  allowed  to  decide  a  question  of  so  much  importance.  The  CHAIRMAN  explained  that  if  the  finance  committee  of  the  corporation  did  not  agree  to  the  stipulation  contained  in  the  resolution,  the  question  would  come  back  to  that  com committee.  mittee. committee.  The  sub-committee  produced  a  plan  of  the  graving  docks  at  the  Prince's  dock  basin,  together  with  a  report,  thereon,  which  were  laid  upon  the  table  to  be  considered  next  week.  The  CHAIRMAN  announced  that  tenders  for  building  a  schooner  buoy,  90  tons,  had  been  considered,  and  that  of  Messrs  Rennie,  Johnston  and  Rennie,  recommended  to  be  accepted.  The  tender  of  Messrs  Conway  and  Co.  was  re recommended  commended recommended  to  be  adopted,  for  clothing  for  the  dock  gate gatemen,  men, gatemen,  and  of  Mr.  Wm.  Gibson,  for  hats.  Some  discussion  arose  in  reference  to  the  propriety  of  having  Monday,  the  26th  December,  made  a  holiday  by  the  committee,  as  far  as  would  be  consistent  with  the  discharge  of  their  duties.  The:CnAinmAN  stated  that  he  had  attended  a  meeting  of  the  sub-committee  of  the  council,  summoned  by  .  the  mayor,  to  consider  how  far  they  could  co-operate  in  having  that  day  made  a  general  holiday  in  the  town.  Mr.  EVANS  :  I  dont  like  these  encroachments  coming  with  other  things,  with  robes,  and  gowns,  and  cocked  hats,  and  rubbish  of  that  kind.  (Laughter.)  The  CHAIRMAN  said  the  mayor  was  going  to  direct  that  the  public  offices  should  be  closed,  and  to  recommend  all  the  people  of  the  town  to  observe  that  day  as  a  holiday  ;  and  the  only  question  for  the  committee  to  consider  was,  how  far  they  would  co-operate  with  the  mayor  and  chairman  of  the  committee.  Of  course  there  were  some  duties  under  the  com committee  mittee committee  which  should  be  discharged  upon  that  day,  but  they  might  agree  to  make  it  a  holiday  for  any  of  their  officers,  whose  duties  could  be  dispensed  with.  After  some  conversation  upon  the  subject,  it  was  agreed  that  the  sub-committee  of  the  dock  committee  should  be  directed,  as  far  as  they  could  consistently  with  the  discharge  of  their  duties  do  so,  to  relieve  their  officers  from  attendance  on  that  day.  _  _  An  account  from  the  health  committee,  amounting  to  £993  19s  lld  was  referred  to  the  - STYLE=superscript  works'  committee.  A  letter  was  read  from  the  Rev.  Dr.  Raffles,  on  behalf  of  the  Seaman's  Friend  Soliety,  requesting  that  the  committee  would  grant  a  free  site  for  the  building  of  a  chapel  for  sea seamen  men seamen  professing  dissenting  creeds,  to  be  established  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Wapping.  The  CHAIRMAN  did  not  think  the  committee  had  any  land,  however  anxious  they  might  be  to  promote  such  an  object,  which  they  could  grant.  The  council  were  in  the  habit  of  giving  land  for  such  purposes,  and  it  would  have  been  better  to  have  applied  to  the  corporation.  Mr.  HOLDEN  said  they  could  give  no  answer  with  regard  to  Wapping,  as  they  did  not  know  what  land  might  be  open  for  the  purpose  when  their  operations  were  finished  there.  Mr.  EVANS  thought  public  grants  generally  had  the  effect  of  perverting  private  charity.  The  committee  finally  agreed  to  express  their  regret  that  they  could  not  comply  with  the  request.  This  closed  the  general  business.  .  COUNTY  COURT.—The  cour  t  on  ly  sa  t  f  or  a  very  s  h  or  t  time  yesterday,  and  no  business  came  before  it  of  any  public  importance.  THE  CHIEF  CONSTABLE  OF  SALFORD.—We  understand  that  the  salary  of  Mr.  Taylor,  chief  constable  of  Salford,  is  to  be  advanced  to  £260.  INTIMIDATION.—CAUTION  TO  OPERATIVES.-At  the  petty  sessions,  at  Hyde,  on  Monday  last,  John  Walker,  Isaac  Ha Hamilton,  milton, Hamilton,  Samuel  Partington,  Samuel  Booth,  Joseph  Walsh,  Seth  France,  William  Bowden,  John  Pearson,  and  James  Whitlock,  were  brought  up,  charged  with  having,  at  Comp Compstall,  stall, Compstall,  on  the  22nd  of  November  last,  used  and  employed  violence  to  one  Simon  Barber,  and  used  threats  and  intimi intimidation  dation intimidation  to  the  said  Simon  Barber,  for  the  purpose  of  forcing  him  to  contribute  to  Preston  turn-out  and  that  on  the  above  day,  at  Werneth,  employed  violence  to  the  said  Simon  Barber,  and  used  threats  and  intimidation  to  the  said  Simon  Barber,  for  not  having  contributed  to  the  said  fund.  Mr.  Johnson,  solicitor,  of  Marple,  appeared  for  complainant,  and  Mr.  W.  P.  Roberts,  solicitor,  of  Manchester,  for  the  de defendants.  fendants. defendants.  Mr.  Johnson  having  stated  the  case  briefly,  Mr.  Roberts  said  he  was  compelled  to  admit  his  clients  had  done  wrong,  and  were  guilty  of  the  offence  charged,  but  that  they  had  acted  through  ignorance  of  the  law,  and  they  were  ready  to  express  their  sorrow  for  the  course  they  had  pursued,  and  to  pay  the  costs,  &amp;c.  It  was  then  agreed  between  the  two  solicitors  that  the  defendants  should  pay  complainant  for  his  loss  of  time  and  expenses.  Mr.  Roberts  also  agreed  that  they  should  be  bound  over  to  keep  the  peace  for  six  months.  The  Chairman  expressed  a  wish  that  Mr.  Roberts  would  use  the  influence  he  professed  to  have  over  his  clients  to  prevent  a  repetition  of  such  scenes,  for  he  was  informed  similar  scenes  had  occurred  in  Dukinfield,  and  they  should  be  made  acquainted  with  the  illegality  of  their  proceedings.  Mr.  Roberts  promised  to  use  his  influence,  and  the  parties  paid  the  costs.  We  should  remark  that  although  Mr.  Ashton  was  on  the  bench,  he  did  not  take  any  part  in  the  above  case  he  being  connected  with  the  cotton  trade—Manchester  Examiner.  THE  COVERING-  OF  SMITHFIELD  MARKET,  MANCHESTER.  The  great  desideratum  of  a  covered  market  for  Manches Manchester  ter Manchester  is  about  to  be  supplied.  The  old  Smithfield  market  is  to  be  covered  and  roofed  with  glass,  slate  and  iron,  at  a  cost  of  upwards  of  £30,000.  The  market  is  to  have  four  arcades,  and  when  finished  will  have  a  handsome  and  elegant  appear appearance.  ance. appearance.  The  works  are  to  be  under  the  superintendence  of  our  celebrated  fellow-citizen,  Wm.  Fairbairn,  Esq.,  C.E.  The  roof  will  be  supported  by  about  eighty  pillars.  Yesterday  (Thursday)  the  foundation  stone  of  the  roof  was  laid  before  a  numerons  audience,  and  in  the  presence  of  several  city  councillors,  amongst  whom  we  noticed,  Mr.  Goodsby  (chairman  of  the  market  committee),  Mr.  Mackie  (vice-chairman),  Mr.  Thackray,  Mr.  Cottrill,  Mr.  Thomp Thompson,  son, Thompson,  Mr.  Bake,  Mr.  Warburton,  Mr.  Craston,  Mr.  Worth Worthington,  ington, Worthington,  and  Mr.  McGill.  Shortly  after  twelve  o'clock  the  parties  immediately  interested  in  the  proceedings  left  the  market  office  for  the  spot  where  the  corner  stone  was  to  be  laid,  in  the  following  order  :  Ins  Erectors  of  the  Markets.  Members  of  the  Markets  Committee  of  the  City  Council.  The  Contractors,  (Messrs.  Gilbert  and  Sharp,  for  paving,  sewering,  and  flag flagging;  ging; flagging;  Messrs.  J.  and  S.  Pattison,  for  stone  work;  and  Sir  James  Heywood,  of  Derby,  for  the  glass  and  slate.)  The  Superintendent  of  the  Markets,  carrying  a  silver  trowel.  The  Clerk  of  the  Works  (Mr.  Henry  Bake).  The  Engineer  (William  Fairbairn,  Esq.,  C.E.),  with  a  plan  of  the  roofing.  The  Chairman  of  the  Markets  Committee  (Thomas  Goodsby,  E.  Officers  belonging  to  the  Markets  Committee.  The  silver  trowel,  which  was  presented  on  the  occasion  to  Mr.  Goodsby,  as  chairman  of  the  market  committee,  by  Mr.  Mackie,  bore  the  following  inscription  Presented  to  Thomas  Goodsby,  Esq.,  chairman  of  the  markets  committee  of  the  city  of  Manchester,  on  the  occasion  of  laying  the  first  column  stone  of  the  roof  of  Smithfield  market.—Dec.  15th,  The  trowel  is  the  manufacture  of  Mr.  Bots Botsford,  ford, Botsford,  jeweller  and  silversmith,  St.  Ann's-square.  Mr.  Councillor  MACKIE  said  it  was  his  duty  that  morning  to  present  the  chairman  of  the  markets  committee  (Mr.  Goodsby)  with  a  silver  trowel,  for  laying  the  first  column  stone  for  the  roof  of  Smithfield  market.  It  was  a  very  pleasing  and  agreeable  duty  to  perform,  for  he  knew  of  no  one  who  had  taken  a  more  active  part  in  the  affairs  of  the  Manchester  market  than  Mr.  Goodsby,  whose  idea  it  was  that  the  market  should  be  roofed  and  covered.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  foundation  stone  was  laid  in  the  usual  manner.  Mr.  Councillor  GOODSBY  congratulated  the  assembled  mul multitude  titude multitude  on  there  being  at  last  the  prospect  of  a  covered  market  for  the  great  city  of  Manchester.  The  markets  committee  had  been  able  to  carry  out  this  without  adding  a  single  farthing  of  taxation  to  the  ratepayers  of  Manchester.  (Hear).  Three  cheers  were  given  for  the  Queen,  one  for  the  mayor  of  Manchester,  one  for  the  chairman  of  the  markets  com committee,  mittee, committee,  and  one  for  Mr.  Fairbairn,  the  engineer,  after  which  the  meeting  separated."
