text
"THE  NORTHERN  to  keep  Austria  in  check,  and  to  take  instant  advantage  of  any  favorable  turn  the  fortune  of  war  may  offer.  Thus  far,  then,  it  will  be  seen  that  the  Turkish  leaders  have  shown  themselves  fully  equal  to  the  task  of  defending  their  own  rights  and  interests,  and  this  fact  brings  us  back  again  to  the  gross  folly  and  impropriety  shown  by  the  Turkish  government  in  giving  the  command  of  large  and  valuable  divisions  of  the  army  to  un unknown  known unknown  and  untried  men,  such  as  General  PRIM,  who  is  not  only  a  RuSsian  by  convention  but  by  nature—a  man  unknown  to  the  world,  except  as  a  general  and  follower  of  Don  CARLOS,  whose  outrages  on  humanity  are  not  likely  to  be  forgotten  for  ages  to  come.  If  such  a  man  is  to  be  trusted  in  a  war  where  his  views,  feelings,  and  interests  all  hang  on  the  side  of  the  enemy,  why  not  employ  CABRERA  at  once?  He  is  really  a  gallant  and  daring  mountain  warrior.  But  who  would  trust  him?  Then  why  suffer  PRIM  to  take  a  leading  part  on  the  side  to  which  he  does  not  belong  ?  In  London,  the  Whig  ministers  are  losing  the  confidence  of  their  oldest  adherents,  because  their  present  leader  is  un unknown  known unknown  in  the  struggles  for  constitutional  freedom.  And  if  the  Turks  be  alive  to  their  own  interests  they  would  just  as  much  think  of  trusting  a  Span Spanish  ish Spanish  Carlist  as  the  reformers  of  Finsbury  would  think  of  expecting  a  large  and  enlightened  measure  of  parliamentary  reform  from  Lord  ABERDEEN.  The  season  being  now  broken,  military  opera operations  tions operations  on  the  banks  of  the  Danube  must  be  greatly  impeded,  if  not  wholly  suspended,  for  some  time.  And  we  sincerely  hope  that  this  season,  be  it  ever  so  short,  may  be  employed  in  bringing  this  most  unjustifiable  war  to  a  speedy  and  successful  issue  for  the  Turks.  This,  we  still  contend,  can  only  be  done  by  opposing  the  united  force  of  Constitutional  Monarchy  to  the  despotic  rulers  of  Europe.  If  LOUIS  NAPOLEON  be  really  sincere  in  his  pro professions  fessions professions  of  friendship  for  the  Turldsh  empire,  he  has,  thus  far,  gone  no  further  than  the  ABERDEEN  ministry.  If  the  EMPEROR  of  France  is  waiting  for  some  event  which  shall  render  the  assistance  of  France  unnecessary,  or  which  shall  at  once  force  him  to  an  immediate  armed  intervention,  what  will  be  his  ulterior  views  as  to  the  affairs  of  Europe.  In  adopting  the  political  system  of  Europe  as  it  at  present  exists,  NAPOLEON  has  given  the  strongest  assurance  of  his  disposition  to  preserve  the  peace  of  the  world.  But  should  he  be  goaded  into  a  base  and  unjust  war  at  the  beginning  of  hiS  reign,  it  would  be  rather  too  much  to  expect  that  he  will  swallow  all  that  the  hearts  of  the  BONAPARTES  have  been,  and  will  ever  remain,  pitted  against.  Are  our  secret  diplomatists  prepared  to  throw  any  light  on  this  subject  ?  Can  they  consistently  join  France  in  a  war,  which,  if  it  becomes  Bona Bonapartist,  partist, Bonapartist,  will  secure  the  prostration  of  Russia  by  the  restoration  of  the  Sovereignties  of  Europe,  whiCh  have  been  so  daringly  usurped  by  the  Gnu  ?  It  is  manifestly  the  interest  of  England,  that  Russian  ambition  and  perfidy  should  be  at  once  and  for  ever  prostrated,  and  that  the  lost  nation nationalities  alities nationalities  of  Constitutional  States  should  be  restored.  But  will  the  ABERDEEN  Ministry  admit  the  fact,  and  act  up  to  such  an  hypothesis  ?  Here  is  the  great  ABERDEEN  dilemma  !  There  is  no  difficulty  in  pre preparing  paring preparing  an  agreement  for  the  supply  of  troops  and  munitions  of  war  by  France  and  England—but  there  must  be  a  terrible  cloud  of  darkness  surrounding  our  Cabinet,  as  to  the  result  to  be  expected  from  follow following  ing following  France  through  the  swamps  of  the  Danubian  States.  Indeed,  if  we  might  venture  an  opinion  on  the  subject,  we  would  say  that  when  LOrdABERDEEN  joins  in  a  Bonapartist  war  on  the  Continent  of  Eu Europe,  rope, Europe,  that  fabulous  day  will  have  arrived  when  the  sky  is  to  fall  to  enable  us  to  catch  larks.  Taking  this  perfectly  rational  view  of  the.  sub subject,  ject, subject,  we  are  not  at  all  surprised  at  the  recent  anti  Russian  meetings  in  London,  expressing  a  want  of  confidence  in  her  Majesty's  Government,  as  it  is  at  present  constituted  with  reference  to  our  foreign  LAST  Monday  morning  the  metropolis  was  dis disgraced  graced disgraced  by  another  tragic  spectacle,  in  which  CAL CALCRAFT  CRAFT CALCRAFT  acted  his  accustomed  part.  Another  victim  has  been  sacrificed  in  keeping  with  the  stern  requirements  of  Justice  (?)  and  the  inexorable  Law  has  been  appeased  by  the  blood  of  a  mnrderer!  MOBBS,  in  a  moment  of  jealous  fury,  destroyed  the  life  of  his  wife,  and  then  made  a  deadly  aim  upon  his  own  existence,  by  severing  an  artery.  To  the  surprise  of  the  medical  profession  he  recovered.  But  the  law  seized  its  victim,  and  with  savage  inflexibility  demanded  blood  for  blood  During  the  two  months  the  unfortunate  man  was  lying  in  the  London  Hospital  he  was  heard  to  say  :  Why  do  they  endeavour  to  make  me  well,  when  it  is  only  to  hang  me—why  don't  they  let  me  die  now  .  2 STYLE=superscript  A  very  natural  and  a  very  rational  question.  But  then  the  Law,  forsooth  !  could  not  have  its  course,  and  Justice  could  not,  by  this  means,  be  appeased  !  GIBBON  says,  that  the  laws  of  a  people  form  the  most  important  portion  of  their  history.  And  there  is  not  the  slightest  doubt  of  it.  A  nation  makes  its  laws  ;  and  those  laws  afford  a  very  safe  criterion  by  which  to  estimate  the  character  of  nation.  In  order  to  ascertain  whether  it  be  barba.  rous  or  civilized  one  has  merely  to  peep  into  its  Statute-book.  All  is  then  told,  concisely  but  cor  rectly  We  agree  with  MONTESQUIEU,  that  laws  are  ne necessary  cessary necessary  relations  springing  from  the  nature  of  In  all  ages  they  have  been  held  sacred  and  inviolable.  The  THEMIS  of  ancient  Mythology  was  feigned  to  be  the  daughter  of  Heaven  and  Earth.  Society  without  laws  to  bind  men  together,  would  be  as  loose,  unconnected,  and  shifting,  as  the  sands  of  the  desert.  Indeed  DEMOSTHENES  went  so  far  as  to  characterize  good  laws  as  the  inven invention  tion invention  and  gift  of  With  just  laws  no  upright  man  can  quarrel  ;  but  when  the  principles  which  guided  society  in  barbarous  and  feudal  times  still  live,  and  move,  and  have  their  being,  in  our  own  day  and  generation,  then,  indeed,  the  matter  assumes  a  totally  different  aspect.  Nations,  like  individuals,  cling  tenaciously  to  usages,  however  cruel,  when  once  custom  has  formed  them  into  a  habit.  Every  day  one  abuse  or  another  is  being  rectified.  Com Commissions  missions Commissions  of  aro  raking  up  and  bringing  to  light  the  musty  mal-practices  of  Corporations  —  absurd  national  customs  are  fast  growing  into  a  state  of  desuetude—the  public  Press  is  loud  in  exposing  long-grown  and  deep-rooted  evils—Lord  BROUGHAM  aims  at  reforming  the  law  itself—whilst  even  the  sight  of  a  wretched  human  creature  dang dangling  ling dangling  from  the  gallows-tree  fails  to  afford  the  multi.  tude  the  amusement  it  was  wont.  These  are  cer certainly  tainly certainly  gratifying  marks  of  progress—but  still  there  remains  one  foul  stain  upon  our  Statute-book,  which  demands  immediate  expurgation—viz  :—the  inhu inhuman,  man, inhuman,  impolitic,  and  barbarous  requirement  of  life  for  life.  We  willingly  and  cheerfully  admit  that  the  ex extreme  treme extreme  penalty  of  the  law  is  carried  out  but  in  few  cases,  compared  with  former  times.  A  mild  and  merciful  spirit  is  a3tuating  the  popular  mind  of  this  country—and  even  the  character  of  our  legal  tribunals  themselves  are  becoming  daily  Subservient  and  obedient  thereto.  The  adminis administrators  trators administrators  of  justice,  there  can  be  little  doubt,  feel  oftentimes  the  difficulty  and  onerousness  of  their  position—when  they  have  to  decide  between  their  own  feelings  and  convictions  on  the  one  hand,  and  the  stern  and  absolute  demands  of  the  Law  on  the"
