text
":ed  at  Court  xtrava  the  ,  evening  of  Sat  urday  last,  aly  spectably  attired  person  was  accost(  n  to  a  ;ompany  her  , STYLE=superscript  ntered  the  ;  and  re  not  sc  'rudhoe  y  him  down  Very  R  of  St.  I  T,nnrinr  was  no  as  it  .W{  in  the  C(  rophec  leet  any  ht  Rev  •Very  Rey.  Can.  (  Very  Rev.  (  t  was  designed  wonderful  The  church  God  hin  us  system,  tt  Called  ur  wss  the  secul  g  up  his  f  Dr.  G  the  R  I  0  I  than  I  them  e,  Evert  time  Vic  tem.  Iher,  (Hay,  in  A  Rev.  (  e  Very  Linden.  n  to  wit  Plc  nn  1  Wedn  tnere  ,  from  I  secular  persecu persecuad  ad persecuad  draw  mony  of  lot  been  for  'en  back  em  now,  aged  to  the  ;refore  to  put  ler  the  Id  use  no  IOTING  07  au  pirit  of  gem  to  a  people  Ler  must  nded  by  the  d  co-eternal  evei  y  I  unei,  ,nd  as  fisted  to  then;  typical  But  there  spat  upon:  t  he  the  dis-  prayed  hem  was  not  nations  ,o  be  worked  he  looked  at  icy  had  to  ;mOoth,  made  smooth,  3  be  further  off  .ehy  and  them-  here  w  mystery  o'clock,  an  of  mor  lg  of  Mr  s  a  dinne:  We  ic  ,  Evert  the  as  I.  by  foi  f  his  so  s  in  lAN  ;.  ThiE  a,  1853  t  was  holc  Edwin-  I  Alderni  inquiries  kouLtua.yj,  I  either  ta  iat  on  Salford  eels  all  of  1  11  .  supplie  Anarrho  ?  MA  tot  Nithou  Dwn  g:  now  exj  , STYLE=superscript  na  93  humber  of  deaths  from  c  pOrt  ;  her  name  Could  not  - STYLE=superscript  b,  the  time  AIR.  I  sterday  whi  with  comic  o,  Mailing,  for  I  though  )ard,  carried-a.  s  Dispensary,  was  accor  IT  THI  'ed  his  second  lies'  Institute.  A  Vienna  letter  of  the  19th  !states  that  the  in.  tended  reduction  of  the  Austrian  army  will  coin•  of  battal  of  62  regiments  of  infantry  are,  it  is  said,  to  be  re reduced  duced reduced  each  from  10  to  60,  and  four  companies  of  chasseurs  from  180  men  each  to  120.  The  frontier  battalions  are,  it  is  added,  to  be  recalled  from  Italy,  as  already  stated.  The  same  letter  mentions  a  rumour  that  M.  de  Meyendorff,  son  of  the  Rus  sian  ambassador  at  Vienna,  had  left  for  Paris  In  a  v  I  of  15  w,  of  wha  lom  for  all  wi  and  M"
