text
"CONDITION  OF  THE  RUSSIAN  ARMY.  We  read  in  a  letter  from  Constantinople,  of  the  7th,  in  the  Journal  Des  Debuts;—  One  of  the  Russian  prisoners  captured  by  the  Turks  in  the  fort  on  the  frontier  of  Asia  Minor,  was  taken  the  other  day  before.  the  Seraskier,  and  there  he  underwent,  in  the  presence  of  several  persons,  a  short  interrogatory.  This  is  what  one  of  the  witnesses  to  the  scene  has  related  to  me  :—After  having  addressed  to  the  prisoner  several  questions  on  the  corps  to  which  he  be belonged,  longed, belonged,  and  on  the  military  regime  of  Russia,  the  perspective  was  opened  to  him  of  passing  some  days  at  Constantinople,  and  then  of  being  sent  to  Prince  Gortschakoff,  on  condition  that  he  would  everywhere  say  what  he  had  seen,  and  that  he  would  tell  his  comrades  that  the  Turks  do  not  eat  the  christians.  The  soldier  refused,  saying  that  he  did  not  know  what  awaited  him  on  his  re return;  turn; return;  that  the  best  that  could  happen  to  him  would  no  doubt  be  to  be  sent  back  to  his  regiment,  but  that  he  had  had  enough  of  it.  •  But,'  it  was  said  to  him,  'you  can  see  your  family  again.'  My  family  !'  replied  the  soldier,  it  is  now  eighteen  years  that  I  have  been  separated  from  it,  and  since  the  day  that  I  was  taken  off  from  my  village,  I  have  had  no  news  of  my  father,  my  mother,  or  any  one  of  my  relatives  !  They  are  perhaps  all  dead,  or  they  have  forgotten  me!  Leave  me  here  until  the  peace,  there  will  always  be  time  enough  to  give  me  up  !'  This  de declaration  claration declaration  produced  a  very  strong  impression  on  the  auditory,  and  it  was  naturally  related  everywhere.  Some  of  the  loaves  prepared  for  the  .Russian  soldiers  were  taken  in  the  same  affair,  and  they  were  so  disgusting,  black,  sour,  and  detestable,  that  the  captors  placed  them  on  board  the  steam steamfrigate  frigate steamfrigate  charged  to  bring  here  the  trophies  of  the  They  have  been  exhibited,  and  do  not  produce  less  effect  than  they  did  on  the  frontiers  of  Asia"
