text
"qa.  .  .  C.  71  •  •  s STYLE=superscript  OC  , STYLE=superscript  •  •  •  01  tN2  •  •  •  C  4  or+  VJ  5  CD  •g  tA  w  a—•  e+  CA,  CD  o  C•  g  -  `2l  ro  O  cp  o  t-a  rn  t  214  °  - STYLE=superscript  A-  F'D  .0  cc  CD  CD  CD  0  .1  .1  cr,  et-  Cr  ----,  •  •  •  h.,  -00  I  •  5  •  •  cxi  I  '  c.,  •  6;  '6;  c.  Cal--.  ••••7  1.7  C..  CA  C.  on.  .—•  o--•  C  •  •  * STYLE=superscript  ••-lt  00  CA  •  000  CC  -  , STYLE=superscript  I  •  •  CO  CD  CC  •  .  ,-,^  CO  Ca  C..  si  t•D  CT  CO  Vag  ►e,  O-t  O  •—•  ^  pd  •  2:  .ti  11  e-t.ti  ALBANY,  Nov,  29,  1853.---The  receipts  during  the  .  p;'''  twenty-four  hours  have  been  as  annexed:  Flour,;  4,000  bris,  , STYLE=superscript  ,  wheat,  7,000  bushels  ;  corn  2,500  bushels  ;  oats,  7,00`  - STYLE=superscript  '  bushels;  barley,  27,000  bushels.  Flour  steady  but  inactive  sales  2,000  brls  •  corn  in  speculative  demand  ,  25,00  0 STYLE=superscript  bushels  sold  at  80c  for  mixed  western:,  Barley,  sales  20,00  0 STYLE=superscript  •  _  bushels  at  83c  to  85c  for  Jefferson  county  tworowed,  and  83c  for  ordinary  four-rowed.  Rye,  1,000  bushels  sold  at  98c.  •  RUSSIA  AND  T  URKE  Y.  AFFAIRS  OF  THE  EAST.  (From  our  Second  Edition  of  Saturday.)  VIENNA,  FRIDAY  ETENING.  -  Bucharest  advice  to  the  sth,  and  Kalafat  to  the  3rd,  bring  nothing;  General  Osten-Sacken  cannot  reach  Moldavia,  before  the  end  of  the  month.  The  cabinet  messenger  with  the  proposal  of  the  Powers  to  the  Porte,  did  not  leave  till  Wednesday.  Letters  from  Asia  confirm  the  news  of  the STYLE=superscript  defeat  of  the  Russians  in  two  engagements  near,  Akeska,  as  well  as  the  storming  of  the  fortresses  of  AkeSka  and  Saifa.  *Abdi  Pacha  has  entered  Georgina,  marching  and  his  army  is  on  .Teflis.  Sir  Edmund  Lyons'  arrived  at  Constantinople  on  the  28th  of  November.  The  Times.  believes  the  collective  note  signed  at  Vienna  does  no  more  than  state  the  earnest  desire  of  the  four  powers  to  stop  the  effusion  of  blood,  and  obviate  the  danger  of  a  war,  which  already  seriously  threatens  the  security  of  Europe.  For  this  purpose,  and,  inasmuch  as  Russia  has  already  given  assurances  of  her  readiness  to  treat,  the  allied  courts  tender  their  good  offices,  and,  as  a  preliminary  step,  they  request  to  be  informed  on  . STYLE=superscript  what  terms  the  Turkish  government  is  prepared  to  open  such  a  negotiation.  The  mode  in  which  the  negotiation  might  be  opened  would  be  the  appointment  of  a  Turkish  and  Russian  plenipotentiary  to  meet  in  conference,  not  alone,  but  with  the  representatives  of  the  four  great  powers,  and  in  the  meantime  the  conclusion;  or  v.,  _Armistice  is  recommended.  The  protocol,  signed  at  ti.t  time,  and  originally  proposed  by  France,  is  a  document  Divssing,  in  precise  - STYLE=superscript  and  . STYLE=superscript  •  More  detailed  language,  the  views  mutual  en engagements  gagements engagements  of  the  four  powers  themselves.  ~ STYLE=superscript  vl.„t  ,  _  ever  may  be  the  fate  of  the  fresh  overture  now  made  to  the  belligerents,  this  declaration  places  in  an  authentic  form  the  assurances  which  Russia  herself  has  heretofore  made,  and  the  resolution  of  the  mediating  powers  to  insist  on  their  fulfilment.  The  Times  foresees  considerable  '  difficulty  in  bringing  to  any  tangible  'resnit  at  all,  even  in  the  shape  of  preliminaries  of  peace,  the  scheme  which  has  just  originated  with  the  four  poa•ers,'and  re received  ceived received  their  assent.  The  Morning  Post  says  it  is  believed  that  Aus  7  tria  and  Prussia  have  so  far  committed  themselves,  to  the  views  and  ideas  of  the  western  powers,.  than  in  the  event  of  a  hostile  collision  between  the  forces  of  England  and  France  with  thOse  of  Russia,.  the  German  powers  will  at  least  remain  completely  neutral  At  the  same.  time  the  Porte  expresses  with  regret,  its  Opinion  that  a  war  between  the  western  powers  and  Russia,  confined  in  all  probability  to  the  Black  Sea  and  the  Turkish  territory,  seems  inevitable."
