text
"ITALY.  The  Pope  left  the  Quirinal  on  the  6th,  on  an  excursion  . STYLE=superscript  to  Monte  Rotondo,  where  he  arrived  in  about  two  hours.  He  was  received  by  the  authorities  and  the  clergy,  .and  escorted  by  them  to  the  . STYLE=superscript  .palace  of  the  Prince  ofPiombino,  where  he  afterwards  ad admitted  mitted admitted  them  to  kiss  his  foot.  His  Holiness  then  visited  the  convent,  of  Capuchins,  where  he  dined  and  admitted  to  his  table  the  bishops  of  Sabina,  Pavia,  and  Brescia,  the  delegate  of  Rieti,  and  Gen,  Allouveau  de  Montreal,  with  one  of  his  aides-de aides-decamp.  camp. aides-decamp.  His  Holiness  returned  to  Rome  the  same  evening.:.  A  quantity  of  paper-money,  representing  the  sum  of  . STYLE=superscript  232,407  Roman  scudi  (1,243,377  f,)  was  burnt  at  Rom  e  'on  the  oth.  The  types  used.  for  the  printing  of  the  substitution-bonds  were  also  publicly  destroyed.  .  _  Queen  Amelie,  the  widow  of  King  Louis  Philippe,  passed  through  Turin  on  the  9th,  on  her  way  to  Genoa  and  Nice.  The  Pope  has  published  a  bull  of  excommunica excommunication  tion excommunication  against  the  Bishop  of  Deventer,  (hi*  the  Ne Netherlands),  therlands), Netherlands),  for  his  adhesion  to  Jansenist  prin principles.  ciples. principles.  A  shook  of  earthquake  was  experienced_  on  the  28th  ultimo,  at  CittadUcale,  in  the  Neapolitan  territory.  The  'Giornale  di  Roma  of  the  4th  announces  that  the  electric  telegraph,  which  already  extends  from  Rome  to  Bologna  and  Modena,  is  to  be  continued  to  Terracina,  there  to  meet  the  Neapolitan  wires;  so  that  Naples,  Rome,  Bologna,  and  Modena,  will  form  but  one  uninterrupted  line.  _  _  Father  Rosa,  one  of  the  astronomers  of  the  Col Collegio  legio Collegio  Romano,  announces,  in  the  Giornale  di  Roma,  that  on  the  23rd  ult.,  he  observed  the  comet  disco discovered  vered discovered  on  the  11th  ult.,  at  Berlin  by  Mr.  Brunns.  It  was  near  the  star  s  Leonis,  and  resembled  the  ne nebula  bula nebula  of  Hercules,  though  a  little  paler;  it  had  no  tail,  but  a  very  distinct  nucleus,  and  brilliant  enough  to  allow  the  telescope  being  moderately  lighted.  Father  Rosa  compares  the  comet  to  a  star  of  the  tenth  magnitude.  IRELAND  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  MONDAY  TIIE  FATAL  RAILWAY  ACCIDENT.  After  the  experiments,  some  witnesses  were  examined.  The  first  was  Owen  Gilson,  the  examiner  or  the  rolling  stock  of  the  company,  whose  duty  it  is  to  see  that  the  breaks  are  in  good  order,  on  the  departure  and  arrival  of  each  train.  He  deposed  that  on  Tuesday  the  break  of  the  van  belonging  to  the  goods  train  was  in  perfect  order.  Prue,  the  guard,  in  whose  charge  it  was,  made  no  complaint  of  it  to  witness.  John  Simmington  the  ticket-taker  at  Sallins,  deposed  that,  to  the  best  of  his  opinion,  the  express  train  had  a  tail taillight  light taillight  when  leaving  Sallins,  but  he  could  not  say  whether  it  was  a  red  one,  or  not,  or  whether  there  were  side-lights.  Mr.  Miller  'was  also  examined  relative  to  the  . STYLE=superscript  result  of  the  experiments  which  has  been  already  given  you.  The  inquiry  was  then  adjourned  till  to-day,  when  it  is  not  improbable  it  may  draw  its  slow  length  to  a  closd.  Mean Meanwhile,  while, Meanwhile,  itisbut  just  to  remark  that  the  Companyhave.through,  out  afforded  every  facility  to  elucidate  the  cause  of  the  accident,  and  I  understand  that  the  directors  have  expressed  their  intention  of  giving  full  and  reasonable  compensation  to  the  Men&amp;  of  those  who  were  killed,  or  to  any  who  suffered  injury.  They  will  not,  it  is  generally  said,  resort  to  any  vexatious  defence,  of  which  no  amount  of  damages  could  obliterate  . STYLE=superscript  the  recolletion.  But  whenever  matters  cannot  be  settled  by.an  arbitration,  judgment  at  nisi  prius  will  be  suf suffered  fered suffered  to  go  by  default,  and  then  the  defendants  will  . STYLE=superscript  go  before  a  judge  of  assize  to  assess  the  damages.  This  is  indeed  the  only,  as  it  is  the  best,  means  of  retreving  the  character  the  Company  has  hitherto  enjoyed;  and  I  believe  there  is  no  reason  to  doubt  the.  truth  of  its  being  contemplated,  as  be besides  sides besides  being  the  least  equitable,  it  will  also  be  the  most  ex expensive  pensive expensive  mode  tor  the  shareholders.  The  sufferers  in  hospital  are  progressing  favourably.  TRACT  DISTRIBUTING  IN  DUBLIN.—On  Saturday,  Mr.  M.  A.  O'  Brennan  a  gentleman  well  known  in  circles  here,  summoned  a  than  named  Smith,  before  Mr.  O'Callaghan,  at  Capel  Street,  under  the  following  circum circumstances.  stances. circumstances.  .  The  complainant  was  on  the  previous  evening  walking  in  Sackville  Street  with  a  lady,  when  the  defendant  advanced  and  a  paper  into  his  hand,  which  on  examining  Mr.  Ullmann  discovered  to  be  a  tract  hurtful  to  his  as  a  Roman  Catholic,  he  therefore  gave  Smith  into  custody.  The  cases  belli  in  question  was  an  invitation  to  attend  a  controversial  sermon.  The  plaintiff  having  sworn.  that  Smith  forced  the  obnoxious  document  into  his  hands,  the  presiding  magistrate  sentenced,  the  prioonci  to  by  bound  0V  VL  to  kccp  LLn  pctux  lu  Illsuwn  recognisances,  which  having  been  done,  he  was  discharged.  MELANCHOLY  OCCURRENCE.—The  Anglo  Celt  says  :  Friday  last,  a  dispute  took  place  between  a  per person  son person  named  Young,  stopping  with  his  uncle.  at  Arnaghan,  near  Scrabby,  in  this  county,  (Cavan,)  and  the  uncle's  servant  man.  Young  ran  into  the  house  for  a  gun,  when  an  aged  man  named  Halton,  got  before  him,  and  begged  that  he  would  be  calm.  The  gun  went  off,  and  Halton  was  shot  dead  on  the  spot.  Young  was  arrested  on  Saturday  morn morning,  ing, morning,  in  his  father's  house,  adjoining  this  town,  and  brought  before  the  SANITARY  STATE  OF  DUELIN.—The  Freeman  contains  a  long  account  of  the  prevalence  of  bad  sewerage  in  Dublin.  It  would  appear  that,  not  merely  in  the  slums  of  the  city,  but  in  the  most  fashionable  localities,  there  is  no  efficient  means  to  enable  the  inhabitants  to  get  rid  of  house-filth,  and  that,  in  most  instances,  it  accumulates  in  vaults,  cess cesspools,  pools, cesspools,  and  ashpits.  INHUMAN  TREATMENT  OF  A  WIFE—On  Saturday,  at  Col College-street  lege-street College-street  office,  a  respectable  man,  named  Carroll,  was  committed  for  trial  for  knocking  down  his  wife,  kicking  her  about  the  body,  and  threatening  to  a  knife  through  •  •  THE  NEW  FISHERIES  COMPANY.  --The  Evening  Post  says  :—The  honorary  secretary,  Mr.  Dillon  Croker,  has  re received  ceived received  a  communication  from  the  Home  Secretary,  Lord  Palmerston,  which  leads  to  the  belief  that  his  Lordship  will  recommend  that  a  Royal  Charter  shall  be  granted  to  the  company,  in  accordance  with  the  prayer  of  the  numerously  signed  memorial  recently  presented.  INCREASE  of  IVA.4ss.—Mr.  Dargan's  speech  as  to  the  in increase  crease increase  of  wages,  at  Limerick,  has  had  the  effect  of  stirring  up  the  operatives  more  than  the  employers.  Already  there  have  been  Several  provincial  meetings  of  workmen  asking  for  more  and  it  is  well  if  the  strike  movement,  which  has  shown  itself  slightly  in  the  north,  do  not  spread  itself  over  the  country.  .  EMIGRATION.—Accounts  from  the  South  tell  us  that  numerous  emigrants  are  still  leaving  the  ports  of  Cork  and  Waterford,  THE  LISBIIRN  ELECTION.—This  election  has  terminated  in  a  manner  creditable  at  once  to  the  independent  spirit  and  to  the  good  management  of  the  Liberal  electors.  The  re return  turn return  of  Mr.  Richardson,  of  the  Island,  has  taken  place  in  such  a  manner  as  will  effectually  secure  for  the  future  the  predominancy  of  the  Liberal  influence,  to  which  he  owes  his  •electian.—Northern  Whig.  The  well-known  residence  of  Mr.  George  ,Hud ,Hudson, STYLE=superscript  son, ,Hudson,  M.P.,  at  Albert-gate,  Knightsbridge,  has  been  let  for  five  years  to  Count  Walewski,  the  French  Ambassador,  at  rental  of  AN°  per  annum,  THE  PREMIER  HIMSEL  A.  numi  Sheffield  having  returned  th  llowin  Sir,—l  have  had  tII"
