text
"NOTICE  TO  ADVERTISERS.  In  consequence  of  the  Repeal  of  the  Advertisement  Duty,  the  following  Reduced  Scale  is  now  charged  for  Advertising  in  the  LEADER  Newspaper  :  Five  lines  and  under  .  .  .  0  2  6  Each  additional  line  .  .  Half  a  Column  Whole  Column  Advertisements  reaching  this  Office  on  Friday  Night  will  appear  in  all  editions.  THE  NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE  AND  ADVERTISER  FOR  THE  PRINCIPALITY,  published  at  Bangor  every  Friday  evening  in  time  for  the  early  posts,  and  extensively  circulated  every  Saturday  morning  throughout  the  six  northern  counties,  in  Cardigan  shire,  and  in  England,  Ireland,  and  Scotland,  is  the  bes  medium  for  the  publication  of  Advertisements.  Offensive  medical  advertisements  are  excluded  from  its  columns.  The  charges  for  advertisements  are—Two  lines,  is  ;  three  lines  is  6d  ;  six  lines,  2s;  nine  lines,  2s  6d;  twelve  lines,  3s  '  •  fifteen  lines,  3s  6d;  eighteen  lines,  4 STYLE=superscript  s  ;  twenty-one  lines,  4s  6d;  and  6d  for  every  two  lines  additional.  The  NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE  has  recently  been  very  greatly  enlarged  and  improved.  Orders  and  advertisements  are  respectfully  solicited  by  AUGUSTUS  ROBERT  MARTIN,  Proprietor.  To  whom  all  bank  and  post-office  orders  should  be  made  payable.  NORTH  LAN  CAS  HIRE.—ADVERTISEMENS  intended  to  be  read  by  the  Gentry  and  other  Inhabitants  of  North  Lancashire  should  appear  in  the  PRESTON  CHRONICLE.  Having  been  established  above  forty  years,  it  enjoys  a  large  circulation  among  all  classes.  Its  scale  of  charges  for  Advertisements  is  moderate,  having  been  reduced  since  the  abolition  of  the  Advertisement  Duty.  When  pre-paid,  which  can  be  done  by  postage  stamps,  Advertisements  of  4  lines,  or  30  words,  are  inserted  for  ls.  6d.,  and  8  lines,  or  60  words,  for  2s.—Published  every  Saturday  morning,  at  23,  Fishergate,  Preston.  MORNING  P  0  S  T  LONDON  DAILY  NEWSPAPER  In  consequence  of  the  repeal  of  the  Advertisement  Duty,  the  MORNING  POST  charges  will  be  on  the  following  reduced  and  reasonable  scale  :  Tradesman's  Advertisements,  five  lines  and  under  2  6  Every  addional  line  .  ..  0  6  Servants'  Advertisements,  Four  Lines  ....  ......  1  0  A  corresponding  reduction  is  made  in  all  other  classes  of  advertisements.  For  a  series  of  Advertisements  for  the  Year,  Half-year,  or  Quarter,  contracts  may  be  made  on  a  moderate  reduction  o  he  scale  price.  As  a  medium  for  Advertisements,  the  MORNING  POST  offers  the  greatest  advantages  for  the  speedy  and  extensive  publicity  of  all  announcements  addressed  to  the  affluent  and  purchasing  portion  of  the  community,  especially  the  nobility,  gentry,  and  monetary  interests  of  the  country.  The  circulation  of  this  long-established  Journal,  embraces  the  most  influential  classes  of  society—the  Political,  the  Aristocratic,  and  the  Commercial.  A  consistent  Advocate  of  Conservative  Progress,  and  Con Constitutional  stitutional Constitutional  Liberty—whilst  it  maintains  strongly  Estab Established  lished Established  Principles,  in  Church  and  State—it  constantly  seeks  out  error,  and  promotes  its  reformation.  It  contains  the  FULLEST  and  LATEST  intelligence  of  every  description,  whether  POLITICAL,  COMMERCIAL,  CLERICAL,  LEGAL,  or  FASHIONABLE,  with  all  news  relating  to  ARTS,  SCIENCES,  and  LITERATURE.  Experience  has  shown  that  the  MORNING  POST  possesses  by  far  the  most  reliable  information  on  every  important  poli political  tical political  subject  of  the  day.  In  its  FOREIGN  INTELLIGENCE  especially,  it  has  been  distinguished  by  remarkable  rapidi4y,  and  by  tha  accuracy  of  its  information,  derived  from  the  best  sources.  Combining  with  its  Political  features,  ALL  THE  NEWS  or  THE  DAY,  down  to  the  latest  hour  of  going  to  press  each  morning,  it  has  long  enjoyed  a  circulation  and  reputation  essentially  European.  Wellington-street  North,  Strand,  August  27,  1853.  AEngine  Coal.  Apply  to  Box  C.  A.  this  office.  Liverpool,  8  Nov.,  1833,"
