text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  krers  of  enquiry  are  not  limited  to  the  view,  that  where  used  ti  whilst  waiting  to  .g.  those  who  pay  the  rates  do  not  receive  a  corresponding  bene benefit  fit benefit  ;  that  they  apply  to  all  dues  levied  on  shipping,  especially  for  the  purpose  of  seeing  they  do  receive  a  benefit.  Mr.  NORTH  :  I  quite  feel  that,  as  I  gathered  the  spirit  of  into  the  Graving  Dot  your  enquiry.  The  CHAIRMAN  believed  that  they  levied  dues  only  for  the  If  they  wanted  a  graving  dock  let  them  construct  one  for  themselves,  and  not  uge  the  graving  docks  of  Liverpool,  to  the  injury-  of  vessels  paying  such  dues.  They  could  not  claim  it.  use  of  the  docks.  Mr.  NORTH  said  they  did.  They  had  power  to  receive  dues  on  goods  when  vessels  discharged  their  cargoes  in  the  stream  or  river.  This  was  a  privilege  which  the  legis legislature  lature legislature  thought  proper  to  reserve  to  them.  The  CHAIRMAN  Practically  they  received  no  amount  under  the  heading.  Mr.  NORTH  :  In  Liverpool  it  was  most  trifling.  It  never  could'be  considerable.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Are  there  any  exemptions  ?  Mr.  NORTH  :  Not  one,  with  a  slight  exception,  which  he  had  endeavoured  to  explain.  The  .  privilege  retained  to  them  to  receive  dues  from  vessels  was  in  consequence  of  this  state  of  things.  Until  the  year  1840  the  dock  trustees  had  ex exclusively  clusively exclusively  the  control  at  Liverpool.  Then  two  small  docks  were  made  on  this  side  of  the  river,  called  the  Harrington  and  Herculaneum  docks,  in  which  this  principle  was  in  some  degree  curtailed  to  the  extent  of  giving  vessels  using  those  docks  exclusively  exemption.  But  the  same  power  was  subsequently  added  with  reference  to  Birkenhead  when  it  sprung  into  existence  a  few  years  ago.  ,  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Therefore  a  vessel  going  to  Birkenhead  docks  does  not  pay  Liverpool  dock  dues  ?  Mr.  NORTH  :  They  do  not  unless  they  discharge  in  the  ;ream.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  I  mean  there  are  no  exceptions  in  cases  f  vessels  over  there  ?  Mr.  NORTH  :  None  whatever.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  No  differential  dutie  Mr.  NORTH  :  None.  Mr.  NORTH  thought  one  word  would  dispose  of  this  com complaint.  plaint. complaint.  This  was  not  a  forced  construction,  but  it  was  the  result  or  operation  of  an  act  of  parliament  ;  of  an  act  passed  immediatelybefore  the  establishment  of  the  Birkenhead  docks,  with  a  full  knowledge,  on  . STYLE=superscript  the  part  of  the  promoters  of  that  scheme,  of  the  existence  of  this  clause,  and  with  their  full  assent  to  it,  which  he  stated  without  the  fear  of  contradiction,  because  it  was  open  to  them  to  have  the  clause  repealed  and  investigated  at  the  time.  He  might  say  also  that  Birken Birkenhead  head Birkenhead  had  gone  four  or  five  times  already  to  parliament  for  the  purpose  of  altering  this  state  of  things  ;  and  it  remained  in  its  entirety  to  that  day.  Mr.  POWLES  remarked  that  Mr.  Turner  did  not  stick  to  principle.  If  they  kept  to  principle  they  should  get  on  better.  What  they  complained  of  was  this—Liverpool  ig ignored  nored ignored  the  existence  of  Birkenhead  as  regarded  the  tonnage  duties;  they  did  not  allow  them  to  be  a  near  coasting  port.  They  did  not  admit  them  in  that  capacity  which  they  claimed  by  their  geographical  position.  How  could  that  be  denied  ?  They  denied  Birkenhead  to  be  in  the  first  class  of  coasters  ;  that  was  to  say,  coasters  coming  from  the  nearest  coasting  port,  which  they  denied  it  was.  A  ship  coming  from  Birkenhead  to  Liverpool  had  to  pay  as  much  as  if  she  came  from  India  direct.  If  that  same  ship  had  gone  to  Fleetwood,  discharged  there  as  from  India,  and  then  came  to  Liverpool,  she  would  be  admitted  here  at  lid.  per  ton.  A  vessel  which  had  lightened  her  deck  load  in  the  river,  before  going  into  Birkenhead  docks,  had  to  pay  the  Liverpool  dues.  Mr.  TURNER  :  Not  on  her  cargo.  Mr.  BRAAilar  remarked  that  it  was  as  the  learned  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  had  stated,  that  vessels  entering  the  Birkenhead  docks  did  not  pay  Liverpool  dock  dues,  but  the  point  he  wanted  distinctly  to  bring  before  them  was  this  :  If  a  ship  left  the  Birkenhead  docks  for  the  purpose  of  coming  over  to  the  Liverpool  docks,  she  paid  the  whole  of  the  dues  from  the  foreign  port  she  might  have  left  before  coming  to  Birkenhead.  That  was  one  point  he  wished  particularly  to  put  before  the  committee.  Supposing  a  ship  came  from  India,  and  the  cargo  was  consigned  to  Birkenhead,  she  went  into  the-Birkenhead  docks,  and  she  paid  the  Birkenhead  dock  trustees  the  dues  they  were  authorised  to  levy  by  their  Act  of  Parliament,  and  she  then  had  occasion,  for  any  purpose  it  might  be  for  repairs,  to  enter  the  Liverpool  docks,  the  Liverpool  dock  trustees  charged  her  with  the  entire  rates  from  Calcutta,  or  whatever  other  foreign  port  she  came  from,  ignoring  the  existence  of  Birkenhead  as  a  dock  or  as  a  port.  They  did  not  deem  it  to  be  one  of  the  docks  of  Liverpool,  although  all  goods  landed  and  embarked  at  Birkenhead  were  charged  or  chargeable  with  town  dues.  A  case  had  occurred  within  the  last  few  weeks,  which,  as  example  was  better  than  theory,  he  would  detail.  A  large  ship  with  timber  entered  the  river;  in  consequence  of  her  great  depth  of  water  she  could  not  enter  the  Brunswick  dock.  The  Consignees  of  the  vessel  came  to  the  Birkenhead  trustees  to  see  if  they  would  take  her  in.  For  the  purpose  of  getting  rid  of  some  depth,  she  discharged  one  lighter  of  timber  in  the  river,  then  she  went  into  the  Birkenhead  docks,  and  the  result  of  the  operation  was  that  she  had  to  pay  the  whole  of  the  dock  dues  of  Liverpool  as  well  as  those  of  Birkenhead.  This  was  the  operation  of  the  Act  of  Parliament  of  the  Liverpool  dock  trustees,  and  he  wished  the  principle  to  be  brought  before  the  notice  of  the  commissioners.  This  was  no  new  question,  but  one  which  had  been  debated  for  many  years  past.  Mr.  CHARLES  TURNER  said  the  solicitor  had  explained  that  this  state  of  things  had  arisen  because  the  original  Liverpool  dock  trustees  had  a  power  of  collecting  toll  wherever  a  ship  was  discharged,  if  she  came  into  the  Mersey.  The  Birkenhead  docks  got  exempted  from  paying  dock  toll  for  all  vessels  using  their  docks  and  discharging  there.  This  was  a  part  of  the  original  grant,  it  was  noziew  thing  given  to  them,  and  when  the  Birkenhead  dock  trustees  were  exempted  from  paying  dock  dues  to  Liverpool,  they  were  quite  satisfied  with  it;  but  having  got  that,  they  now  claimed  to  get  some-  The  commissioners  must  not  go  away  with  the  Captain  IIooKIE,  master  of  the  Birkenhead  docks,  in in;tanced  ;tanced in;tanced  the  case  of  the  Sarah  Sands,  arriving  from  Canada  few  weeks  ago.  The  tide  being  low  she  was  lightened  Pefore  going  into  Birkenhead  docks,  and  that  vessel  was  3harged  the  full  dues  at  Liverpool.  This  he  urged  was  very  hard  on  Birkenhead.  No  portion  of  that  vessel's  cargo  ever  3ntered  Liverpool,  nor  had  she  in  any  way  directly  or  in-  Erectly  received  any  benefit  from  it,  and  yet  she  paid  as  though  she  received  the  whole  benefit.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Was  a  charge  made  on  the  cargo  ?  Captain  HOOKIE  :  No,  not  on  the  cargo,  but  on  the  ton tonnage.  nage. tonnage.  The  town  dues  were  levied  on  every  vessel.  Mr.  BLACKBURN  :  The  town  dues  are  a  different  thing.  [le  then  asked  had  not  this  arisen  from  Birkenhead  being  part  of  the  port  of  Liverpool  although  the  docks  were  sepa separate.  rate. separate.  There  was  no  doubt  the  application  of  the  act  of  parliament  led  to  these  anomalies.  Mr.  TURNER  :  This  state  of  things  would  arise  if  it  were  otherwise.  The  Birkenhead  Dock  Trustees  have  a  piece  of  [and  close  to  our  docks,  within  100  yards  of  your  docks.  Mr.  BRAMAH  :  I  beg  your  pardon,  not  the  dock  trustees.  They  had  no  property  but  what  was  granted  to  them  by  the  crown.  Mr.  TURNER  continued  to  remark  that  this  state  of  things  would  arise,  if  they  made  a  dock  on  this  piece  of  land  which  they  had  the  power  to  make.  Mr.  BRAMAII  :  I  beg  your  pardon  ;  it  is  not  your  land,  Mr.  TURNER  :  It  belongs  to  the  Dock  Company.  Mr.  BRAMAH  said  the  Dock  Trustees  had  no  more  to  do  with  it  than  he  had  to  do  with  the  land  in  New  Zealand.  Mr.  POWLES  wished  the  Commissioners  to  know  who  the  Birkenhead  dock  trustees  were.  ing  more  dea  those  rates  were  levied  on  the  Birkenhead  docks.  It  was  )art  of  the  old  privileges  of  the  Liverpool  docks,  parliament  Laving  taken  from  them  the  exclusive  privilege  which  they  ►reviously  had  over  all  vessels  entering  into  port.  With  .espdct  to  what  had  been  said  with  reference  to  all  vessels  )eing  charged  over  again  on  coming  into  the  Liverpool  lock,  the  commissioners  ought  to  be  aware  there  was  no  lifferential  rate  charged  inwards  and  outwards  ;  dues  were  mly  levied  in  Liverpool  docks  once.  If  a  vessel  came  in,  md  discharged  her  cargo,  she  paid  no  outward  dues,  and,  therefore,  arose  the  distress  of  coming  from  Birkenhead,  and  paying  the  whole  of  the  dock  dues,  because  they  did  not  pay  inwards  and  outwards  ;  they  only  paid  once.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  The  Liverpool  dock  dues,  are  they  calcu calcu[ated  [ated calcu[ated  on  distance  or  not.  Mr.  TURNER  :  They  were  to  some  extent.  There  were  rates  For  nearer  and  longer  voyages.  Mr.  BRAMAH  remarked  that  the  Birkenhead  docks  were  brought  into  existence  for  public  purposes.  They  were  a  public  trust.  Nothing  was  paid  but  the  interest  on  the  money  lald  uut,  um].  same  as  the  Liverpool  docks  had.  What  he  complained  of  was  that  the  shipping  using  Birkenhead  dock,  although  it  was  pretended  to  be  a  part  of  the  port  of  Liverpool,  when  they  went  into  the  river  were  treated  as  if  they  wore  perfect  strangers  entering  the  river  for  the  first  time,  and  it  mat mattered  tered mattered  not  at  all  whether  the  dues  were  payable  in  going  in  or  coming  out.  If  the  same  course  was  pursued  with  ships  going  from  one  dock  to  another  on  the  Liverpool  side,  it  would  be  consistent  ;  but  the  anomaly  was  one  which  he  thought  peculiarly  a  subject  for  inquiry.  Mr.  TURNER  said  the  Liverpool  docks  existed  for  the  benefit  of  the  public,  and  the  moment  they  got  anything  beyond  the  interest  accruing  on  their  debt,  the  dock  rates  on  shipping  were  reduced  immediately,  and  therefore  they  had  no  personal  interest  to  serve  in  the  matter.  All  they  were  interested  in  doing,  was  that  the  greatest  .  possible  ac accommodation  commodation accommodation  should  be  afforded  to  shipping  and  to  commerce,  and  that  those  demands  which  they  had  incurred  (they  had  an  uncovered  debt  of  £5,000,000  of  money)  should  be  discharged.  The  commissioners  should  understand  this,  if  a  vessel  going  into  the  Birkenhead  dock,  and  dis discharged  charged discharged  her  inward  cargo,  if  she  were  to  be  charged  no  rates,  then  she  would  come  over  and  use  their  graving  docks,  made  at  great  expense,  and  might  lay  in  their  docks  loading,  (though  she  was  discharged  in  two  days,)  for  two  months.  Was  it  reasonable  they  should  claim  or  ask  to  use  the  Liverpool  docks,  made  at  this  enormous  expense,  for  several  weeks,  and  pay  nothing  ?  That  was  the  object  of  it,  for  they  had  no  outward  rate.  Mr.  BRAMAH  was  not  aware  of  a  single  ease  like  that  mentioned  by  Mr.  Turner,  but  he  would  tell  them  what  occurred  to  the  Birkenhead  Trustees  every  day.  Unfortu Unfortunately  nately Unfortunately  they  had  no  graving  docks  at  Birkenhead;  the  works  being  at  present  incomplete,  and  the  great  necessity  was,  after  long  voyages,  now  so  frequent,  and  especially  iron  vessels  after  their  return  from  long  voyages—it  was  a  matter  of  necessity  that  they  should  go  into  a  graving  dock  to  have  their  bottoms  properly  examined.  A  vessel  going  from  Birkenhead  docks  to  Liverpool,  paid  for  the  use  of  the  grav graving  ing graving  dock  ;  but  she  had  also  to  pay  over  again,  although  she  came  out  of  the  Liverpool  docks  as  empty  as  she  went  in.  It  was  exactly  the  case  that  gentleman  mentioned.  It  was  note  a  ship  going  into  dock  and  taking  cargo,  it  was  the  peculiar  case  of  going  over  the  water  to  use  the  Liverpool  graving  docks  for  that  purpose  alone,  and  going  straight  back  again,  the  whole  of  the  dock  dues  from  a  distant  port  were  applied  for  at  Liverpool  as  a  matter  of  necessity.  There  was  a  steam  company  started  in  Liverpool,  the  South  American  Company  ;  their  ships  were  partly  built  on  the  Clyde  and  partly  at  Birkenhead,  in  Laird's  yard,  and  before  that  company  could  make  their  arrangements  for  the  dis discharge  charge discharge  of  their  cargoes  in  the  Birkenhead  docks,  they  came  to  them  to  know  the  amount  of  drawback  the  trustees  would  make  them  on  the  rates,  as  it  might  affect  their  ships  return  here,  discharging  in  Birkenhead  and  coming  to  Liverpool  to  use  the  graving  docks.  In  consequence  of  having  an  extra  rate  to  pay,  it  fell  upon  them  to  make  a  reduction  of  their  rates  to  meet  that  charge.  Mr.  TURNER  explained  as  to  the  Dock  Company  that  they  were  different  body  from  the  Dock  trustees,  the  one  being  a  Warehouse  Company,  the  other  having  the  management  of  the  water  space.  The  Dock  Commissioners  had  a  piece  of  land  near  to  the  docks  on  the  Liverpool  side  of  the  water,  which  under  the  act  of  Parliament  was  also  exempted  from  Dock  Dues.  Now,  if  those  state  of  things  were  permitted,  a  vessel  using  to  dock  might  come  into  the  Docks  of  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  without  paying,  and  making  such  use  of  it  as  they  pleased,  and  they  might  be  deprived  of  their  due  altogether  so  far  as  they  went.  This  had  been  argued  in'  Parliament  for  years.  In  the  first  instance,  Birkenhead  took  this  ex exemption,  emption, exemption,  and  having  got  this  great  exemption  from  the  large  rights  which  were  originally  given  to  all  docks  in  former  times,  in  a  few  years  they  came  and  tried  to  drive  the  wedge  a  little  further  home.  Parliamentary  Committees  had  hitherto  thought  that  the  dues  enjoyed  by  the  Liverpool  docks  were  no  more  than  they  were  entitled  to  .  for  the  benefit  of  the  port.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  There  is  one  point  which  has  been  mixed  up  a  little  ;  the  difference  which  exists  between  a  vessel  coming  into  the  Liverpool  docks  from  Fleetwood,  and  a  vessel  coming  to  Liverpool  from  Birkenhead—have  you  any  explanation  to  give  on  that  point.  Mr.  TURNER  thought  he  explained  that  matter.  It  arose  in  this  way.  There  would  be  no  difference  if  the  act  of  parliament  Were  not  evaded.  Vessels  coming  from  Fleet Fleetwood  wood Fleetwood  in  ballast,  or  from  Warrington  or  any  other  place,  would  have  to  pay  the  same  as  from  Birkenhead.  The  act  of  parliament  was  so  worded,  it  was  impossible  to  say  now  for  what  reason,  that  if  a  vessel  took  a  coasting  clearance,  if  she  cleared  as  a  coaster,  instead  of  coming  in  ballast,  she  was  then  exempted  from  dock  dues.  That  was  to  say,  if  she  took  a  few  casks  of  provisions  nominally  over,  and  took  out  a  coasting  clearance,  then  the  Liverpool  dock  dues  were  evaded.  Birkenhead  wanted  to  evade  them  in  the  same  Mr.  BLACKBURN  :  Wny  not  come  clearance.  I  suppose  because  it  is  within  the  port  ?  Mr.  TURNER  Just  so.  It  would  be  an  evasion  of  our  ratoe.  They  want  to  take  adrantago  of  the  slip  in  the  act  of  parliament.  Capt.  BETHUNE  :  Have  you  any  power  to  impose  an  out outward  ward outward  rate  ?  Mr.  TURNER  :  The  solicitor  will  answer  that  question.  Mr.  Rom  LAMONT  as  representing  the  owners  of  the  Sarah,  Sands,  complained  that  they  had  to  pay  the  Liverpool  dock  dues,  in  consequence  of  the  vessel  being  lighter  ed  in  the  river.  Ile  handed  in  the  following  correspondence,  which  had  taken  place  between  her  owners  and  the  dock  com-  mittee  :  Liverpool,  20th  September,  1853  Dock  Committee,  Gentlemen,  —We  beg  to  state  that  the  steamer  Sarah  Sands  arrived  at  this  port  from  Quebec  on  the  11th  inst.,  consigned  to  us  with  a  general  cargo,  destined  to  be  discharged  in  the  Birkenhead  Dock,  but  could  not  effect  this  purpose  for  want  of  water,  and  was  obliged  to  go  up  the  river,  where,  with  the  consent  of  the  Collector  of  Customs,  she  lighted  two  flat-loads,  and  afterwards  docked  at  Birkenhead,  taking  with  her  the  flats  into  which  the  portion  of  her  cargo  so  discharged,  was  put.  I  n  r  eporting  the  Sirah  Sands,our  custom-house  clerk  stated  to  the  treasurer  that  the  steamer  was  in  the  Birkenhead  Dock,  and  therefore  was  not  subject  to  the  dockage  dues  at  Liverpool,  but  the  point  was  urged  without  effect.  t,  w  e  b  r  ing  this  matter  before  you,  believing  that  you  will  cause  the  amo  a  u  r  n  e  t  of  dockage,  ,  Gentlemen,  en  o  t  c  l  e  m  a  7  114  ,  £64,  Eu  Ar  to  b  No  ,bet  e  diie,  inAlt  refunded  erryv,a  n  a  a  tonce.  servants,  Co  Dock  ecretary's  Office,  Liverpool,  23d  Sept.  Gentlernen,—The  Dock  Committee  having  had  under  their  consideration  your  application  of  the  20th  inst.,  to  have  the  Dock  dues  paid  on  the  Sarah  Sands,  (s.s.),  under  the  circumstances  stated  therein,  refunded;  and  having  received  a  report  from  their  officers  on  the  case,  I  am  instructed  to  inform  you  that  the  Committee  decline  to  comply  with  your  ap application.  plication. application.  , STYLE=superscript  g  I  am,  Gentlemen,  your  obedient  servant,  MASON.  The  CHAIRMAN  did  not  understand  the  complaint  was  as  regarded  the  payment  of  dock  dues  when  the  dock  was  used;  but  the  complaint  was,  that  vessels  really  only  coming  from  Birkenhead,  had  to  pay  the  dues  as  if  she  had  come  from  the  Brazils.  Mr.  BRAMAH  said,  if  Birkenhead  were  the  nearest  port  to  Liverpool,  consequently  the  rate  should  be  under  the  lowest  1  coasting  rate.  Mr.  BLACIBURNE  :  If  a  ship  were  discharged  in  Birken Birkenhead,  head, Birkenhead,  and  came  over  to  Liverpool  to  go  into  a  graving  dock,  she  had  to  pay  more  than  if  she  had  come  from  some  port  out  of  the  Mersey,  say  Fleetwood  ?  Mr.  BRAMAH  :  Certainly.  Mr.  BLACKBURNE  :  That  is  the  effect  you  complain  of.  Mr.  BRAMAH  :  She  pays  the  rate  on  the  most  distant  foreign  voyage.  If  she  came  from  Australia,  she  would  pay  the  whole  rate  over  again  from  Australia  to  Liverpool.  Mr.  TURNER  said  this  arose  from  an  anomalous  state  of  things  which  the  commissioners  did  not  quite  understand.  They  did  not'pay  more  than  a  vessel  coming  in  ballast  into  Liverpool  from  any  other  port  would  pay.  By  the  old  acts  of  parliament  this  anomalous  state  of  things  arose  :  a  vessel  coming  in  with  a  coasting  clearance,  but  only,  bringing  a  con  10  them  on  t'  ic.  nuneheons  of  rum  or  casks  of  provisions,  and  land  quay,  got  rid  of  port  and  dock  dues.  It  ~.  was  absurd  that  a  vessel  iu  1,4-  state  paid  less  than  a  vessel  coming  without  anything  on  board.  11.1.-.  , STYLE=superscript  irose  from  a  state  of  things  which  ought  to  be  removed  in  some  tut,—  get.  With  reference  to  the  graving  docks  of  Liverpool  ;  they  were  built  for  the  purpose  of  accommodating  vessels  using  the  Liverpool  docks,  and  Mae  charges  were  put  with  reference  to  those  vessels  paying  dock  dues.  Such  was  the  demand  for  graving  docks  now,  that  they  had  vessels  in  dock  for  a  fortnight  which  could  not  get  the  use  of  a  graving  dock  —  vessels  which  had  paid  the  Liverpool  dock  dues,  and  were  ring  out.  Now,  this  gentleman  claimed  that  vessels  com coming  ing coming  from  Birkenhead  should  have  the  use  of  those  graving  docks  to  keep  other  vessels,  paying  Liverpool  dock  dues,  still  longer  than  they  were  kept.  The  commissioners  would  see  at  once,  that  in  graving  docks  made  for  the  use  of  vessels  using  the  Liverpool  docks,  vessels  coming  from  another  place  and  paying  no  dock  dues,  should  not  keep  out  those  vessels  which  paid.  The  latter  should  have  the  preference,  and  at  the  present  moment  there  were  vessels  waiting  above  a  fortnight  and  could  not  get  on.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Would  it  not  be  a  good  reason  for  in increasing  creasing increasing  the  rates  ?  Mr,  TURNER  reminded  the  commissioners  that  those  vessels  port.  That  was  the  answer  to  the  whole  complaint  and  di difficulty.  fficulty. difficulty.  If  Birkenhead  could  succeed  in  obtaining  a  separa separation  tion separation  from  Liverpool,  then  they  would  be  in  the  same  relative  position  as  Fleetwood  or  any  other  foreign  port.  Mr.  BLACKBURN  asked  what  would  be  the  practical  differ difference  ence difference  in  pounds,  shillings,  and  pence,  if  Birkenhead  were  made  'a  separate  port  ?  Mr.  TANTON,  treasurer,  was  not  prepared  to  answer  the  question.  Some  discussion  here  ensued  as  to  the  optional  power  of  the  Liverpool  dock  trustees  to  charge  vessels  in-  Wards  or  outwards.  Mr.  NORTH  gave  it  as  his  decided  opinion  that  the  trus trustees  tees trustees  had  not  power  to  charge  outwards.  Capt.  HOOKIE  did  not  quite  agree  in  that  view.  A  vessel  coming  from  China  to  Fleetwood,  and  then  from  Fleetwood  to  Liverpool,  was  charged  only  on  the  outward  voyage,  al although  though although  it  might  be  a  short  one,  whilst  the  same  vessel  from  Birkenhead  was  charged  on  the  long  voyage  from  the  place  where  she  had  previously  been.  The  CHAIRMAN  remarked  that  the  gain  or  loss  depended  on  whether  the  voyage  was  a  long  or  short  one.  Cap.  HoomE  :  If  the  ship  had  a  short  voyage  they  might  charge  on  the  long  voyage  she  was  going  to  take.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  They  can  charge  on  either.  Capt.  HOOKIE  :  Yes,  but  whether  legally  or  not  I  cannot  say.  1  Mr.  TURNEs  said  it  ought  not  to  be  assumed  that  China  vessels  did  go  to  Fleetwood.  Mr.  BLACKBURN  :  The  difference  practically  is  this  ;  A  vessel  coming  in  of  a  high  class,  Birkenhead  suffers.  If  the  other  way,  it  does  not.  Mr.  TURNER  :  The  fact  was  this,  if  a  vessel  came  from  Birkenhead,  she  was  charged  inwards,  and  if  she  came  from  a  place  outside  the  Mersey,  the  outward  rate.  Mr.  NORTH  wished  the  commissioners  to  understand  that  if  a  vessel  was  charged  with  the  inward  rate,  that  fixed  the  quantity  of  payment  to  whatever  the  extent  of  her  tonnage.  If  she  came  from  China  to  Birkenhead,  and  crossed  to  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  she  must  pay  the  dues  for  China.  There  was  fid'incon fid'inconvenience  venience fid'inconvenience  in  this.  Birkenhead  was  on  the  same  footing  with  themselves.  Nr.  BLACKBURN  :  You  have  no  option  but  to  charge  in-  ward.  Mr.  NORTH  Clearly,  when  the  inward  rate  is  charged,  that  rules  the  rates  entirely.  The  CHAInMAN  :  That  is  a  distinct  statement,  that  it  is  not  optional  to  charge  inwards  or  outwards  on  the  part  of  the  Liverpool  dock  trustees.  Captain  HooKIE  asked  if  a  vessel  arrived  from  the  Medi Mediterranean  terranean Mediterranean  at  Birkenhead,  and  afterwards  e''iased  and  loaded  in  Liverpool  for  China,  had  not  the  Liverpool  trustees  the  option  of  charging  the  highest  rate  to  China  ?  Mr.  NORTIC:  Clearly  not.  We  could  not  do  so  —the  act  is  imperative.  In  practice  this  construction  of  the  act  was  adhered  to.  Mr.  SLoomAN  said  if  goods  were  sent  by  sea  from  London  to  Liverpool  they  were  not  charged  dues,  but  if  sent  from  Birkenhead  to  Liverpool,  they  paid  the  same  dues  as  if  they  came  from  China.  Mr.  BLACKBURN;  You  mean  in  case  of  a  cargo  of  foreign  goods  being  carried  across  the  river  ?  Mr.  SLOOMAN  :  Although  the  goods  may  have  been  twelve  months  warehoused,  they  were  carged  as  if  they  were  new  arrivals  in  the  country.  Mr.  NORTH:  Any  other  state  of  things  would  be  a  direct  evasion  of  the  dock  laws.  The  CHAIRMAN  observed  there  was  a  positive  statement  to  the  effect  that  it  was  not  optional  to  charge  inwards  or  outwards  on  the  part  of  the  of  the  dock  committee  of  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  and  if  parties  were  in  position  to  prove  practically  it  was  otherwise,  they  would  hear  the  evidence  or  it  might  be  communicated  by  letter.  It  was  clear  from  what  the  com commissioners  missioners commissioners  had  heard,  that  if  any  such  thing  had  occurred,  it  was  contrary  to  what  the  Liverpool  trustees  believed  to  be  the  law,  and  therefore,  the  commissioners  could  not  doubt  a  representation  to  the  trustees  would  receive  immediate  atten attention.  tion. attention.  Mr.  SLOOMAN  contended  that  the  act  of  parliament  left  it  optional  with  the  trustees  which  way  they  charged.  Mr.  BRA.MAR  said  there  were  one  or  two  things  not  as  they  ought  to  be.  First,  he  was  desirous  that  the  Com Commissioners  missioners Commissioners  should  have  a  distinct  notion  who  were  the  dock  trustees  of  Birkenhead,  and  who  were  the  Dock  Company.  After,explaining  how  those  two  distinct  bodies  were  con conconstituted,  constituted, conconstituted,  he  proceeded  to  say  the  real  question  in  this  case,  had  been  avoided.  This  subject  had  been  talked  of,  and  argued  since  April,  1847.  They  simply  asked  that  the  Birkenhead  Docks  should  be  put  on  the  same  footing  as  any  other  part  of  England,  with  reference  to  Liverpool  or  any  other  port  in  Great  Britain,  as  London,  Pleetwood,  or  Newcastle  ;  they  only  asked,  as  it  had  been  so  complacently  asserted,  it  was  a  part  of  the  port  of  Liver Liverpeol,  peol, Liverpeol,  that  it  should  be  treated  as  such.  Let  them  take  the  Geographical  rank  to  which  they  are  entitled.  The  question  of  reciprocity  was  never  before  the  Committee  of  the  House  of  Commons.  There  had  been  reciprocity  clauses  introduced  in  the  bills,  but  he  deeply  regretted  that  his  predecessors  had  withdrawn  those  clauses  from  the  bills  for  fear  of  arous arousing  ing arousing  the  opposition  of  a  body  so  powerful  as  the  Liverpool  Dock  Committee.  He  trusted  he  had  made  those  points  clear,  and  he  again  repeated  he  made  no  complaint;  but  it  was  unjust,  and  they  thought  if  the  facts  were  laid  before  the  parties  who  had  hereafter  to  deliberate  on  them,  they  8  1.t  fp  +  +llO  ralinf  thoy  wantpd.  Mr.  TURNER  said  with  regard  to  reciprocity,  it  had  been  several  time  in  their  bills,  and  it  hid  been  inciaentia.ny  auuaea  to  by  their  counsel,  in  his  opening  speech,  but  the  question  hadbeen  con considered  sidered considered  by  the  members  of  the  committee.  They  had  a  bill  in  parliament  the  year  before  last  in  which  there  was  a  reciprocity  clause,  but  it  was  ultimately  withdrawn.  It  formed  the  subject  of  conversation  between  members  of  the  committee.  But  when  they  looked  to  the  justice  of  this  case,  there  was  very  little  fairness  in  the  arguments  used.  There  was  a  compauy  at  Birkenhead  with  one  very  small  dock,  and  they  claimed  to  make  any  use  they  pleased  of  docks  which  •  cost  £10,000,000,  and  they  called  that  reci reciprocity.  procity. reciprocity.  Was  there  anything  like  reciprocity  in  that,  when  they  knew  their  ships  would  not  use  their  docks.  It  was  true  they  had  the  option  of  going  to  Birkenhead,  but  they  did  not  want  to  go  .  there.  They  had  no  graving  dock,  or  no  advantage  to  give  in  return,  and  yet  they  wanted  to  come  and  use  their  docks,  and  dignified  this  with  the  name  of  reciprocity.  Nothing  could  be  more  unfair  than  an  argument  of  that  kind.  Mr.  PowLEs  said  they  wanted  to  be  treated  as  other  ,eople  were.  The  CHAIRMAN  should  be  loath  to  stop  the  discussion  ;  but  ho  thought  the  whole  of  the  facts  were  before  the  com commissioners.  missioners. commissioners.  He  believed  very  few  vessels  were  discharged  in  the  Mersey.  Mr.  TURNER  said  large  vessels  were  lightened  in  the  river,  but  he  did  not  think  in  any  case  a  vessel  was  wholly  discharged  in  the  river.  Mr.  BLACKBURN  :  Is  there  a  dock  higher  up  the  river  ?  Mr.  TURNER  said  there  was  a  dock  at  Garston.  In  reply  to  a  question  from  the  chairman.  Mr.  NORTH  said  vessels  discharging  any  part  of  their  cargo  in  the  stream,  were  liable  fur  the  whole  of  dock  dues  on  the  tonnage,  but  not  on  the  cargo.  It  was  also  explained  that  the  Birkenhead  dock  trustees  had  no  personal  interest  whilst  the  dock  company  was  a  company  with  a  private  interest,  incorporated  by  act  of  parliament.  Mr.  LAMONT  complained  that  goods  coming  from  London  to  Birkenhead,  were  charged  with  the  Liverpool  town  ~  Messrs.  M'Kean,  M'Larty,  &amp;  dues.  After  some  conversation  of  a  desultory  nature  had  Mr.  PowLEs  again  complained  that  Liverpool,  an  univer-  taken  place,  and  some  documents  had  been  handed  in,  11  port,  should  admit  a  vessel  from  Fleetwood  at  11  the  enquiry,  so  far  as  related  to  the  dock  estate,  closed.  per  ton,  and  charge  a  much  higher  rate  on  a  vessel  from  THE  TOWN  DUES.  Birkenhead.  The  Birkenhead  docks  come  into  existence  The  CHAIRMAN  ;  We  received  last  night  a  schedule  of  because  it  was  believed  that  in  national  point  of  view  they  dues  which  are  levied  by  the  corporation.  The  limits  withir  would  be  conducive  to  the  extension  of  trade.  He  knew  which  they  were  stated  to  be  levied,  is  from  the  red  'stow  there  was  an  old  act  of  parliament  which  rendered  the  on  the  Cheshire  coast  at  Hoylake  all  over  the  waters  of  the  Mersey  subject  to  Liverpool,  so  that  she  could  levy  her  Mersey,  and  northward  to  the  junction  of  the  river  Douglas  dues,  but  that  had  been  invaded  to  a  moderate  extent,  and  with  Ribble.  Those  are  the  limits,  are  they  not  ?  statutes  must  give  way  as  well  as  every  thing  else,  Par-  The  TOWN  CLERK  :  Yes.  [A  map  was  then  handed  in  liament  admitted  that  by  its  proceedings,  and  they  claimed  which  was  proved  to  be  correct  at  the  trial  relative  to  till  as  high  a  ground  in  a  public  point  of  view  as  the  Liverpool  right  of  the  corporation  to  levy  town  dues,  which  showe  docks.  The  Liverpool  docks  sprung  out  of  the  circumstances  that  the  jurisdiction  included  the  whole  of  the  Mersey,  an(  and  exigencies  of  the  times,  and  the  Birkenhead  docks  in  went  up  to  Warrington.]  their  generation  claimed  that  principle  to  themselves,  as  The  CHAIRMAN  asked  if  on  the  trial  to  which  the  tows  much  as  Liverpool.  There  was  no  private  interest  in  clerk  reared,  the  title  of  the  corporation  to  the  town  due  Birkenhead  docks,  unless  the  rtceipt  of  6  per  cent.  on  the  was  not  'distinctly  proved  to  the  satisfaction  to  the  courl  outlay  was  called,  a  private  interest  in  the  sense  intended.  and  they  kot  a  verdict.  Unfortunately  no  dividend  had  been  as  yet  received.  The  TOWN  CLERK  :  Yes.  Mr.  TURNER  was  sorry  that  Mr.  Powles  advocated  as  a  The  CHAIRMAN  :  The  amounts  received  by  the  corporatio  principle  that  the  Birkenhead  dock  trustees  should  take  and  the  mode  in  which  they  were  expended,  appears  in  th  advantage  of  a  plain  defect  which  existed  in  an  old  act  of  borough  fund  account  ?  parliament.  There  had  been  so  few  vessels  coming  from  TowN  CLERK  :  Yes.  Fleetwood  and  other  places,  it  was  not  thought  necessary  to  The  CHAIRMAN,  who  was  under  the  impression  that  th  go  for  the  alteration  of  the  act  ;  but  if  it  were  brought  to  town  dues  were  reducing,  was  set  right  by  the  town  clerl  bear  on  a  place  like  Birkenhead,  they  should  go  to  parlia-  who  said  the  accounts  for  the  present  year  (which  the  chair  ment  to  have  the  anomaly  corrected  in  the  act  of  parliament  man  believed  he  had,  and  that  they  showed  in  decrease  which  the  Birkenhead  dock  trustees  wished  to  take  advan-  were  hot  yet  printed;  but  would  be  ready  in  a  few  day  tage  of.  .  They  showed  an  increase  in  the:previous  year.  The  CHAIRMAN  did  not  quite  understand  it  so.  He  The  CHAIRMAN  asked  were  there  any  exceptions  to  the!  understood  the  complaint  was  entirely  to  the  operation  of  town  dues  ?  the  existing  Act  of  Parliament  The  TowN  CLERK  said  the  exceptions  were  the  freeme  Mr.  BR/N.514M  considered  in  one  point  of  view  they  were  of  Liverpool,  Bristol,  London,  Wexford,  and  Waterford,  re  more  hardly  treated  by  Liverpool  than  they  were  able  to  sident  in  town,  but  they  were  aware  they  were  dying  out.  bpar.  It  was  principally  that  affected  them.  The  CHAIRMAN  asked  could  the  Town  Clerk  give  them  any  Mr.  TURNER  :  Not  if  they  came  in  ballast  in  the  same  information  as  to  what  was  the  value  of  those  exemptions  to  way  ;  but  they  were  more  hardly  troatod  being  within  the  the  freemen  of  Liverpool.  port  of  Liverpool,  they  were  not  able  to  evade  the  Act  of  The  TowN  CLERK  could  not  say.  It  would  depend  or  Parliament  as  others  were.  It  was  just  whether  they  the  amount  of  business  which  the  houses  were  doing.  should  have  the  power  of  evading  it  as  others  had.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  They  were  not  charged  and  remitted.  Captain  BETHUNE  :If  a  vessel  came  in  ballast  from  The  TowN  CLERK  :  They  were  not  charged  at  all  when  Fleetwood  would  you  charge  as  much  as  if  she  came  from  the  parties  were  known  to  be  freemen.  Sometimes  it  oc octhe  the octhe  furthest  end  of  the  world—that  is  if  she  came  from  curred  that  one  of  the  partners  of  the  house  was  a  freeman  India  ,oo  to  Ale  o  T  Fleetwood,  oc  end  then  came  in  ballast  from  Fleet-  and  the  goods  were  paid  for  in  the  name  of  the  whole  firm  , STYLE=superscript  ‘d  t  Mt  BOLD  :  If  she  came  from  Fleetwood  she  would  be  pauardtnthere,sreitnutniere  charged  .I.!‘a  Mr.  PowLEs  Der  ton.  wass  aidst.  made  how  aaccordings  awareo  of  t  o  n  n  t  the  proportion  t,lnee  whle  r  o  o  f  o  the  n(  Captain  Bri..--,  NE  :  If  she  went  to  Birkenhead,  unloaded  p  ar  t  ner  '  s  s  h  are  o  f  thi  s  exem  ption  was  worth  £  l5O STYLE=superscript  per  there,  and  came  from  Birkenhead  here,  what  would  she  be  annum  .  •  charged  ?  Mr.  BLACKBURN  asked  if  the  mode  of  collection  wouh  Mr.  BOLD  :  18d.  a  ton.  Thu.  was  th  e  b  ear  i  ng  o  f  it.  enable  them  to  tell  the  amoun  t  th  a  t  would  be  levied.  Let  them  take  London,  from  which  vesso-  more  frequently  The  TowN  CLERK  thought  not,  but  he  would  endeavour.  came  to  Liverpool.  There  Was  no  evasion  v:  +he  Act  of  if  possible  to  find  it  out.  Parliament  at  all,  as  the  custom  was  to  get  into  the  L,..t,•  „  0  ,  ,  '  'qr.  IURNER  remarked  that  very  few  of  the  freemen  were  trade  by  bringing  a  clearance  from  London,  which  dray  -*nzao•ed  in  mercantile  business  ;  they  were  principally  could  not  get  at  Birkenhead.  If  the  London  vessel  loaded  trauZ-  ~.,.  .  Mr.  -r.---3  1E  of  the  firm  of  Holme,  Slater,  and  Crook,  in  their  docks  they  charged  her  again,  which  they  would  11- STYLE=superscript  gtili  •-.  '  3 STYLE=superscript  -7  had  to  pay  town  dues  on  all  the  wood  not  be  able  to  do  to  the  Birkenhead  people,  according  to  complained  than  d  although  the  vessel  came  direct  the  Act  of  Parliament  at  present.  The  CHAIRMAN:  They  have  the  power  of  charging  on:oassine  the  entries  at  the  loadinutwards.  Custom  House  they  had  to  pay  tne  they  received  a  abroad.t  B.  i  k  e  --rn  dues  of  Liverpool.  Mr.  NORTH  remarked  that  Mr.  Blackburn  had  hit  the  •  The  CHAIRMAN  observed  it  was  stated  he  return  there  right  point,  It  arose  from  Dirkenhead  being  within  the  was  no  xesponsitility  imposed  (Who  Corporath,..,,  B  the  re."
