text
"THE  WAR.  FRANCE.  Apart  from  the  intelligence  sent  us  in  regular  course  by  our  own  Paris  correspondent,  we  glean  from  other  sources  that  as  yet  no  accounts  have  been  received  in  Paris  as  to  the  impression  produced  on  the  Russian  Government  by  the  communication,  of  the  Austrian  propositions  of  which  Count  Esterhazy  was  the  bearer,  and  I  do  not  believe  that  we  can  have  any  before  Wed Wednesday  nesday Wednesday  next.  M.  de  Nesselrode  will  not  give  his  answer  immediately,  and  some,  though  no  very  great  time,  will  be  allowed  for  deliberation.  The  best  informed  persons  here  hardly  permit  themselves  to  think  that  Russia  will  accept  our  conditions  of  peace.  It  is  barely  possible,  though  not  probable  ;  and  those  who  at  one  time  hoped  even  against  hope  itself,  would  be  surprised  indeed  if  Russia  yielded.  We  only  !know  as  yet  that  Count  Esterhazy  has  had  an  interview  with  M.  de  Nesselrode.  The  principal  topic  discussed  was  the  conduct  of  Austria;  and  the  Russian  Minister  expressed  himself  in  plaintive  terms  on  it.  He  was  replied  to  by  Count  Esterhazy,  and  it  is  but  just  to  say  that  his  language  i  defence  of  master  was  pr  ec  i  se  and  decided.n  But  of  the  imhis imhisportant  portant imhisportant  point  of  the  acceptance  or  refusal  of  Russia  We  are  as  yet  ignorant.  The  naval  authorities  of  Cherbourc,,  have  been  ordered  to  arm  three  screw  liners  and  three  sailing  frigates,  which  are  to  be  ready  for  the  opening  of  the  campaign  in  the  Baltic  in  April  next.  These  three  ships  are  the  Arcole,  90  guns,  and  900-horse  power,  the  armament  of  which  is  nearly  completed  ;  the  Donawerth,  90  guns,  which  is  to  be  converted  into  a  screw  ship,  and  is  transformationalready  undergoing  th  a  t  transform  ,  althOugh  she  only  arrived  from  the  nan  12  days  ago;  and  the  St.  Louis,  90  guns,  launched  at  Brest  on  the  25th  of  April  last,  which  is  at  present  on  her  way  from  Toulon.  Independently  of  these  three  ships,  which  are  to  be  fitted  up  with  a  ll  possible  expedition,  Cherbourg  is  to  arm  the  war  screw  transport  Yonne,  of  1,200  torts,  the  vessels  of  the  Iceland  station,  and  the  five  bomb  vessels  and  the  twelve  steam  gunboats  which  have  returned  from  the  last  campaign  in  the  Baltic,  and  to  form  part  of  the  formidable  expedi expedition  tion expedition  which  is  to  operate  in  that  sea  next  spring.  It  was  stated  some  time  since  that  the  govern government  ment government  of  the  United  States  of  America  had  made  a  treaty  with  the  Shah  of  Persia,  and  that  they  pro proposed  posed proposed  to  g  uarantee  his  territory  on  the  side  of  the  Persian  Gulf.  No  such  treaty  has  been  entered  into,  but  it  is  certain  that  advances  of  the  most  friendly  description  have  been  made.  Russia  is  also  intriguing  very  hard  with  the  Shah,  and  it  is  unfortunate  that,  at  such  a  moment,  when  his  favour  is  eagerly  sought  by  these  two  powers,  a  suspension  of  diplomatic  relations  with  England  should  have  taken  place.  RUSSIA.  We  have  advices  from  St.  Petersburg,  via  rlin.  to  the  d  a  t  e  of  the  sth  inst.  These  inform  ü  ß STYLE=superscript  s  e STYLE=superscript  that  the  nomination  of  Prince  Menschikoff  to  the  Governorship  of  Cronstadt  is  understood  in  St.  Petersburg  to  have  been  the  direct  consequence  of  the  untiring  efforts  of  the  Grand  Duke  Constan Constantine  tine Constantine  in  every  possible  direction  to  bring  forward  the  old  Russian  party  into  an  all-absorbing  promi promizence.  zence. promizence.  r  eoeive  The  o STYLE=superscript  nly  commanders  th  a  t  h  ave  in  this  war  besidd  the  Order  of  St.  George,  Second  Class,  es  Mour  av  i  e  ff  ,  (an  especial  favourite  with  party),  are  Bebutoff  and  Nachimoff,  and  of  all  three  it  is  understood  that  they  were  strongly  recommended  for  it  by  the  Grand  Duke  C STYLE=superscript  onstantine.  The  distinction  conferred  upon  Prince  Menschi Menschikoff,  koff, Menschikoff,  in  confiding  the  defence  of  Cronstadt  to  him,  which  is  virtually  putting  into  his  keeping  the  keys  of  St.  Petersburg,  is  a  conclusive  refutation  of  the  Many  stories  that  were  current  at  the  time  of  his  retirement,  of  his  having  fallen  into  disgrace  with  lass  late  master.  The  present  Emperor  has  not  only  assigned  to  him  Zthe  splendid  hotel  of  the  Staff  of  the  Marine  for  a  residence,  but  has  kept  him  as  much  as  possible  near  him  and  in  his  con-  Idence,  and  has  sent  him  on  an  important  mis misaion  aion misaion  to  Finland,  with  -  particular  reference  to  Swee.borg.  In  consideration  that  the  service  of  the  coast  batteries  and  fortifications  for  the  defence  of  the  shores  of  the  Baltic  will,  this  year,  require  a  much muchincreased  increased muchincreased  number  of  officers,  General  Count  Rudi Rudi,ger,  ,ger, Rudi,ger,  the  C  ommander  of  the  Guards  and  Grenadier  t STYLE=superscript  '°rPs,  calls  upon  all  naval  officers  who  are  incapa incapacitated  citated incapacitated  from  continuing  to  serve  afloat  to  apply  for  commands  at  the  forts  and  land  batteries.  In  the  files  of  newspapers  from  Finland,  that  reached  Stockholm  direct  on  December  24,  for  the  first  time  since  the  establishment  of  the.  blockade,  is  contained  the  news  of  a  fresh  Imperial  order,  commanding  three  fresh  Finnish  battalions  of  sha STYLE=superscript  rpshooters  t  o  be  f  ormed,  together  with  a  reserve  for  each  battalion.  Each  of  the  new  battalions  is  to  be  000  men  strong,  and  the  reserve  160,  40  men  for  each  company.  These  are  the  warlike  incidents  which  have  been  occupying  the  minds  . STYLE=superscript  of  the  St.  Petersburgers  simultaneously  with  the  reports  of  approaching  peace,  as  conveyed  to  them  by  foreign  papers.  These  pacific  views  and  expectations  met  there  with  a  ready  echo  in  very  extensive  circles,  but  they  are  met  at  the  same  time  with  too  striking  a  , STYLE=superscript  contradiction  in  the  extreme  tension  of  every  war warlike  like warlike  feeling  in  the  nation,  in  the  excessive  ramp rampancy  ancy rampancy  of  the  old  Russian  party,  and  in  the  convic  Con  that  the  religious  character  stamped  on  the  whole  conflict  precludes  anything  like  compromise,  or  the  widely  prevalent  wish  for  peace  to  become  anything  like  a  generally  entertained  hope  or  ex expectation  pectation expectation  of  it.  To  evade  the  subject  of  the  proposals  or  the  .demands  made  by,  the  Allies,  the  constant  subter subterfuge  fuge subterfuge  is  to  allege  what  they  call  the  cause  of  the  war,  vii  ,  that  the  Sultan  has  been  unfaithful  to  his  treaty  ,obligations,  and  that  all  differences  that  have  arisen  4.n  consequence  must  be  settled  between  him  alone  and  Russia.  Such  results  as  have  been  as  yet  attained  in  a  preliminary  inquiry  into  the  losses  and  expenses  entailed  by  the  defence  of  Sebastopol  are  of  such  on  orruous  dimensi  ons  that  they  seem  to  all  informed  of  them  to  pass  credibility.  The  means  of  arriving  at  any  positive  and  accurate  knowledge  on  this  hsubject,  such  as  archives,  registries,  accounts,  &amp;e.,  Save  been  for  the  most  part  destroyed  by  fire  and  vitter  n  the  retreat  from  the  south  to  the  north  hide.  `he  Grand  Duke  Constantine,  in  his  capacity  of  Chief  of  the  Marine,  has  issued  a  circular  to  all  officials  connected  with  that  branch  of  the  service,  n  the  most  binding  expressions,  requiring  for  the  future  that  all  official  reports  shall  contain  the  entire  and  simple  truth,  without  reservation  or  faise.colonring.  The  Cracow  Paper  OzaB  mentions  also  that  the  Russian  Government  has  ordered  the  abolition  of  robot  (vilien  socage)  in  Poland,  by  commutation  into  a  yearly  money  payment.  The  Russian  ministry  of  foreign  affairs  has  just  met  with  a  serious  loss  in  the  death  of  Herr  von  Labenski,  who  has  for  many  years  past  been  the  writer  of  the  Nesselrode  despatches,  and  who  has,  in  addition  to  the  works  he  has  already  published,  left  behind  him  numerous  mscripts,  evidences  of  hi  s  i  nde  fatigable  literary  indanuustry.  AUSTRIA.  Our  advises  from  Vienna  are  to  the  date  of  the  3rd  instant.  They  convey  to,  us  the  intelligence  that  the  Austrian  public  is  so  profoundly—  ignorant  Count  of  what  has  been  doing  during  the  last  few  weeks  in  the  Eastern  question  that  it  belie  ves  Nesselrode's  circular  of  the  22nd  December  to  be  a  reply  to  some  project  of  peace  that  has  recently  prnanated  from  the  Allied  Powers.  The  circular  9r  the.  Russian  Chancellor  of  State  is  merely  a  repdtitiOn  of  terms  of  peace  some  three  weeks  sinc  e  proposed  by  Prince  Gortschakoff  to  Count  Buol.  The  Austrian  Minister  of  Foreign  Affairs  declined  te  d STYLE=superscript  iscuss  the  merits  o  f  th  e  R  uss  i  an  propos  i  t  i  on  with  Prince  Gortschalcoff,  but  he  lost  no  time  in  com STYLE=superscript  municating  what  had  passed  between  himself  an STYLE=superscript  d  the  Russi  an  di  p  l  omat  i  st  to  the  representatives  _of  the  Western  P  owers  .  Th  e  conditions  proposed  by  Russia  were  positively  rejected  by  Aali  Pacha,  Lord  John  Russell,  and  M.  Drouyn  de  Lhuys,  on  the  21st  of  April,  1855,  and  it  is,  therefore,  but  natural  that  they  will  not'  now  be  taken  into  con consideration.  sideration. consideration.  It  may  be  observed  that  the  pertinacity  displayed  by  Russia  excites  a  mixed  feeling  of  astonishment  and  indignation  in  the  mostinfluential  Austrian  circles.  Up  to  the  present  moment  the  very  best  informed  persons  in  this  city  are  in  total  ignorance  of  the  intentions  of  the  Russian  Government,  but  it  is  believed  Count  Esterhazy  will  be  able  to  give  some  little  insight  into  them  in  the  course  of  next  week.  The  definitive  reply  of  Russia  is  not,  however,  likely  to  be  given  until  twenty-one  days  from  the  27th  of  December,  on  which  day  the  Austrian  propositions  were  corn.  municated  to  Count  Nesselrode.  The  long  expected  Colonel  Manteuffel  arrived  last  night,  and  he  has  today  presented  an  autograph  letter  from  his  Sovereign  to  the  Emperor  Francis  Joseph.  The  exact  contents  of  the  Royal  missive  are  not  likely  to  transpire,  but  it  is  already  well  known  that  Prussia  will  refuse  to  give  her  assistance  to  Austria  should  she  attempt  to  enforce  the  accept.  ance  of  the  propositions  which  she  has  just  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  Russia.  His  arrival  is  not  likely  to  make  any  change  in  the  political  situation.  It  is  known  that  Prussia  is  resolved  not  to  place  herself  on  the  same  level  with  Austria,  and  her  neutrality  will  be  made  an  excuse  for  Austria's  remaining  a  passive  looker-on  during  the  cam campaign  paign campaign  of  1856.  -  If  what  is  called  tact  he  the  first  of  diplomatic  qualities,  M.  von  Stockhausen,  the  Hanoverian  Minister,  must  be  a  very  poor  diplomatist.  On  the  31st  of  December  he  invited  some  acquaint acquaintances  ances acquaintances  to  see  the  old  year  out  and  the  new  one  in,  end  his  guests  were,  the  members  of  the  Russian,  English,  and  French  embassies.  The  first  arrival  was  Sir  Hamilton  Seymour,  who  chanced  to  be  so  deeply  engaged  in  conversation  when  Prince  Gortschakoff  entered,  that  he  did  not  remark  his  presence.  The  Russian  Minister  had  hardly  made  himself  comfortable  in  his  chair,  when  M.  de  Bourqueney,  accompanied  by  one  or  two  of  the  members  of  the  French  embassy  arrived.  Whether  the  air  of  the  room  was  oppressive,  or  whether  Prince  Gortschakoff  was  out  of  his  element,  is  unknown  to  me  ;  but  certain  it  is  that  he  left  the  house  soon  after  M.  de  Borqueney  entered  it.  According  to  advices  of  the  26th  of  December  from  Berdiansk,  in  the  Sea  of  Azoff,  all  the  vessels  belonging  to  M  Gopcevich  had  left.  On  the  day  in  question  a  very  hard  frost  set  in,  and  all  the  wheat  that  was  to  be  had  was  bought  up  by  government  at  seventeen  roubles  in  assignats— assignatsequivalent  equivalent assignatsequivalent  to  five  silver  roubles—the  tschetwert.  The  Marquis  de  Ceva.  the  Sardinian  minister,  has  returned  to  Vienna  after  a  prolonged  absence.  The  retreat  of  Omer  Pacha  has  been  announced,  and  bad  weather  is  the  reason  given  for  the  retrograde  movement.  It  is  related  that  Marshal  Pelissier  has  been  summoned  to  Paris.  General  Durando  now  commands  the  Sardinian  troops."
