text
"WEST  DERBY  GUARDIANS  ly  ilieeting  df  the  itotird  Nttiliclaissteidayjn  the  noard:roorn  - STYLE=superscript  at  theVOrkiiouse,  Mill  Road,Eveaon,  JOSEPH  .HAnnisON  in  the  chair.  There  were  also'present  the  following  members  of  the  Board  :—.*Rev:  W.  Baduall,  Messrs:  Abraham,  Lunt,  Craig:,  Hayes,  Metcalf,  Tattersall,  Roikell  ;  Wengley,,  Aliddss,  Jeffries,  ,Horsfalli  Gilbert  Harrison,  James  Birch,  Dry,  Owen,  and  Davies:  •The  minutes  of  the  last  Board  having  been  read,  the  plications  for  out-clOOr  relief  were  disposed  of,  after  .which  the  cioiernor,  Subniitted  his  weekly  report,  from.which  it  appearti.  that  the  number  df  paupers  . STYLE=superscript  in  the  house  during  the  week  was  624,  against  632  in  tile  cardpoilding•  week  of  last  year.  .  IRREGULARITIES  IN  THE  lIOUSI  •  11r.  GOUGH,  the  governor,  stated  to  the  Board,  that  on  Saturday  last;  three  of  the  female  inmates::ivere  in  a  state  of  into  eatiOn  i  and  created,  a  disturbance  in,  the  house.  On  enquiry,  he  ascertained  that  they  had  given  frionby  to  come  workmen  of  Messrs.  Weber,  iron-founderS,  at  present  on;  ployed  on  the  premises,  and  that  with  theineney  these  men  brought  spirits  into  the  house  for  the  women:  He  (Mr.  Gough)  had  brought  the  case  before  the  - STYLE=superscript  Beard;  in  order  that  the  Men  might  be  punished  for  this  intlingenient  of.  the  Act  of  Parliament,  which  provided  that  no  person  .should  be  allowed  to  bring  spirituous  liquors  into  the  house  without  the  consent  of  tie  master;  under  a  •  penalty  iif  £lO,  or  two  months'  •  Imprisonment  —The  Rev:  IV:  BADNALL  Have  yiiit  the  names  of  the  ?—The  tiOvitSdn;  I,  haie,  btit  not  here.—The  Rev:  W.  BA.DNALL  :  It  is  a  most  disgraceful  case,  and  I  ,moye  that  the  men  be  sum  mo  n  e  d  .b  e  f  ore  the  magistrates,  in  order  that  the  case  may  be  dealt  with  under  the  Act  ,of  Parliament—Mr.  WENSLEY  seconded  the  motion.  He  thought  the  Men  ought  to'  be  made  an,  example  of.  The  motion  was  carried  unanimously,  and  the  clerk  was  in-  Struc  tcd  accoldina  Exterior  ot  . STYLE=superscript  8008-BEEP)  ALPASS  reported  from  the  committee  appointed  to  investigate  the  applications  which  had  , STYLE=superscript  been  sent  in  for  the  office  of  bookkeeper,  that  ;  th.o  committee.  were  unanimous  Nfr,  Cape  for  the  situation  The  tea  monials  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  James;  and  of  Mr.  and  Mrs;  Nash,  of  Ireland,  were  also  highly  creditable  ;  but  the  Committee  specially  .  recommended  Mr.  Cape,  and  he  begged  to  move  his  appointment.—Mr.  Rosa.ma.  seconded  the  noMination;—  Mr;  Kinxus  thought  Mr.  SitllleS  a  more  eligible  candidate.  He  was  a  married  man,  and  it  was  understood  that  . STYLE=superscript  the  Parties  were  to  be.niarried.  Mr.  Cape,  too,  was  above  the  specified  age  j  he  was  fifty_3  - STYLE=superscript  ears  old.—Mr.  ALPASS  :  That  is  most  unfair.  Mr.  Cape  distinctly  told  ns  that  his  age  was  forty-five.--Mr.  Timms  :  He  is  fifty  if  he  is  a  day:—Mr.  ALPASS  :  Really  it  is  highly  improper  to  give  Mi.  .Cape  the  lie  in  this  manner.  [Mr.  Cape  was  her  called  before  the  Board,  and  stated  that  he  was  forty4our  last  birth-day.]--  Mr:  lituti.ns  then  Urged;  as  a  further  objection  against  Mr.  .Cape,  that  he  did  not  knot  whether  his  wife  was  living  or  not.  It  was  understood  that  she  was  a.  drunken  Woman  ;  and  if  she  Was  living  ;  and  came  to  create  an  annoyance  at  the  hospital,  it  would  be  very  inconvenient.  •  The  testimo testimonials  nials testimonials  of  the  various  candidates  Were  licit  read;  Mr.  AVENSLEY  then  moved,  seconded  by  Mr.-Ix/it,  the,  appoint appointment  ment appointment  of  Mr.  and  Mrs..  James.---Mr.  'ABRAHAM  proposed  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Nash.---Mr.  TAITERSALt;  sMonded  the  pro proposal.---The  posal.---The proposal.---The  CHAIRMAN  then  put  - STYLE=superscript  the  names  of  the  three  candidates,  when  there  voted  for  Mr.  Cape,-  Mr.  James,  5  ;  Mr.  Nash,  4.  Mr.  Nash's  name  ,being  -the  lowest,  was  struck  out,  and  on  the  second  voting  the  num,bers  were---  for  Mr.  Cape,  9  ;  Mr.  James,  6.  .  Mr..  Cape  .  having  been  elected,  was  called  in  and  informed  of  his  appointment.  CHOLERA  PRECAUTION'S,  The  Rev.  W.  - STYLE=superscript  BAuxilL  said,  there.  Was  a  most  important  - STYLE=superscript  matterthat  he  Wished  to  bring  bef  ,, STYLE=superscript  re  the  board,  in  connexion  with  the  deputation  which  had  been  appointed  from  that  board,  to  wait  upon  the  Health  COmmittee  of  Liverpool;  but;  before  doing  so;  he  would  ask  the  Chairman  if  the  hOspital  was  in  a  sufficiently  complete  state  to  receive  patients,  provided  the  cholera  'should  break  out  amongst  us  ?  The  •  CHAIRMAN  :  •  I  believe  not  at  present,  but  it  will  be  shortly.  The  Rev.  W.  BADNALL  :  He  hoped  it  would  not  .be  long  before  the  hospital  would  be  ready  to  receive  patients.  He  felt  - STYLE=superscript  Very  anxious  that  something  should  at  once  be  done  'to  meet  the  contingency.  The  fittmgs  of  this  hospital  had  been  very  expensive,  and  if  the  rate-payers  should  find,  in  the  event  of  the  cholera  breaking  out,  that  there  was  not  accommodation  for  the  cholera  patients,  the  board  would  incur  a  heavy  and  a  fearful  responsibility.  He  hoped  it  might  please  providence  to  avert  this  .dreadful  scourge  from  visiting  us;  but  still  they  ought  to  be  in  a  state  of  preparation.  He  strongly  urged,  that  the  hospital  should  at  once  be  got  ready;  in  case  of  an  event,  which  they  must  all  deeply  deplore.  Hitherto,  they  had  not  taken  any  active  part  in  connexion  with  :the  -Liverpool  -Board  of  Health,  because,  thein  Committeeunion.  of  H  ha STYLE=superscript  e  pp STYLE=superscript  n  i STYLE=superscript  o  ly STYLE=superscript  w'  cnaome  case STYLE=superscript  to  the  of STYLE=superscript  c STYLE=superscript  d  h STYLE=superscript  e  o STYLE=superscript  p  l STYLE=superscript  u  er STYLE=superscript  t  a STYLE=superscript  ati  h STYLE=superscript  o  a STYLE=superscript  n  d STYLE=superscript  to  ye STYLE=superscript  th  t STYLE=superscript  e  oc STYLE=superscript  H  cu STYLE=superscript  e  r STYLE=superscript  a  r STYLE=superscript  l  e STYLE=superscript  th  d STYLE=superscript  Liverpool,  which  that  board  appointed  at  its  meeting  last  week.  With  respect  to  their  relative  position  to  the  Health  Committee  of  Livorpool,  it  was  absolutely  necessary,  that  there  should  be  no  mistake  in  the  minds  of  any  one  at  the  board.  It  should  be  understood,  that  in  administering  medical  relief,  the  Liverpool  authorities  and  themselves,  were  - STYLE=superscript  distinct;  Whatever  medical  relief  might  be  required  in  the  union,  neither  the  medical  ;relief  Committee  of  Liverpool,  nor  •  the  health  Committee  of  Liverpool,  had  anything  to  du  with  it.  Again,  the  health  .Committee  of  Liverpool  had  nothing  to  do  with  the  West  Derby  union  districts  except  in  one  important  point,  which  showed  the  great  desirability  of  their  co-operating  with  that  body.  The  objeet  of  the  health  Committee  of  Liverpool  was  to  prevent  disease  by  the  removal  of  nuisances,  whilst  the  object  of  that-Board  was  to  cure  dise'ase--to  instruct  their  Medical  Officers  .to  ,  meet  cases  when  they  did  arise.  Now,  he  thought  it  .was  highly  necessary  that  their  medical  officers  should  make  daily  returns  to  the  medical  officer  of  health  in  Liverpool,  in  order  that  that  gentleman  might  be  'put  in  possession  of  every  particular  as  -to  the  state  of  the  .  health  of  the  town,  so  that  when  any  special  case  arose  he  •  might-  be  in  a  position  to  direct  his  attention_  to  any  par particular  ticular particular  locality.  affected.  That  was  the  reason  why  their  Medical  officers  should  give  daily  returns  to  Dr.  Duncan  of  all  cases  of  diarrhoea  or  cholera  that  might  arise.  He  should  also  say  that  •  their  relieving  officers  should  report  •  any,  nuisances  which  they  might  see..  These  nuisances  .Should  he  taken  notice  of,,  and  laid  before  this  Board,  so  that  when  they  'went  down  to  meet  the.  Health  Committee  of  Liverpool,  representations  of  such  nuisances  might  be  laid  before  the  Committee  ;  and  he  had  the  authority  of  the  :Mayor  for  saying  that-such  was  now  the  staff  placed  under  •Mr;  Fresh,  the'lnspector  of  Nuisances,  he  was  in  a  position  at  on  te'  remove  such  nuisances.  (Hear,  hear.)  If  this  ar arrangement  rangement arrangement  was  not  carried  out,  the  probability  was  that  many  nuisances  within  the  union  would  not  'be  removed.  With  that  view  he  would  move  the  resolution  he:had  drawn  up.  4e.wqs  exceedingly  alxious  that  such  a  resolution  should  bo  put.upon  their  books,  in  order  that  the  Health  . STYLE=superscript  Committee  of  Liverpool  might  be  perfectly  satisfied  than  they  were  .  quite  willing  to  co-operate  with  them.  (Hear,  hear).  He  thought  they  had  had  warninf  , STYLE=superscript  enough,  and  ifthey  - STYLE=superscript  '6ould  arrest  the  progress  of  this  formidable  disease  in  the  event  of  its  appear appearing-amongst  ing-amongst appearing-amongst  them,  they  would  not  only  be  doing  their  duty  to  that  large  population  which  was  placed  under  their  care  as  the  guardians  of  the  poor,  but,  they  would  also  be  con conferring  ferring conferring  a  benefit  on  every  class  in  the  'community.  They  knew  well  that  if  the  cholera  might  bfeak:  but  among  the  poor,  it  might  also  reach  the  higher  classes,  and  'therefore,  when  they  were  taking  care  of  the  poor,  they  were  ,  at  . STYLE=superscript  the  same  time  taking  care  of  themselves:  He  concluded  by  proposing  the  following  resolution  That  this  Board,  from  an  anxious  wish  to  co-operate  with  the-  authorities  in  Liverpool,  in  devising  and  adopting  measures  for  arresting  the  progress  of  Asiatic  cholera,  do  hereby  request  the  medi medical  cal medical  officerS  of  such  parts  of  this  union  as  are  situated  within  :the  municipal  borough  of  Liverpool,  to  make  a  daily  return  of  all  cases  of  diharrhm  or  cholera,  to  the  medical  officer  of  health  for  Liverpool,  at  the  public  offi.cei.  in  Cornwallis-street.  And  further,  that  the  relieving  officers  do  report  weekly  to  this  board,  any  nuisances  which-  they  may  consider  injurious  to  public  health;  in  their  several  *districts  within  this  borough,  or  on  the  filthy  condition  of  any  lodging  house,  cottage,  or  cellars,  of  which,  they  may  have  knowledge  within  the  ROSKELL'  seconded  the  motion.—  The  CLERK  suggested  that  the  terms  of  the  resolution  should  not  - STYLE=superscript  be  confined  to  the  borough.  If  there  was  a  nuisance  at  Kirby,  why  should  it  not  be  reported  by  their  officers  as  well  as  one  in  Toxteth  Park  ?  Mr.  BADEALL  :My  motion  is  necessarily  confined  to  the  municipal  borough,  'because  the  .  health  committee  have  not  jurisdiction  beyond  it.  After  some  little  discussion  the  resolution  was  carried  unanimously.  THE  MANURE  DEPOSIT  IN  SEFTON  STREET  The  CHAIRMAN  followed  up  Mr.  BaanalVs  resolution  by  bring  .  ing  before  the  Board  thB  subject  of  the  Manure  Depo Deposits  sits Deposits  in  Sefton-street,  Toxteth-park.  He  complained  that  notwithstanding  the  remonstrances  which  had  been  made,  Mr.  Rose  still  continued  to  deposit  the  night,  soil  he  removed  into  Setton-street.  The  subject  had  been  a  source  of  much  annoyance  to  that  board  for  infiny  some  time  ago  - STYLE=superscript  Mr.  - STYLE=superscript  Cleaver  wrote  •  to  ..Mr.  Rose,  .giving.  him  notice  that  if  the  . STYLE=superscript  nuisance*as  . STYLE=superscript  not  removed,  proceedings  would  be  taken  against  him  by  that  Board,  but  still  the  nuisance  was  con continued.  tinued. continued.  The.  other  day,  whilst  he  .  was  with  the  Deputy  Town  Clerk,  in  Cornwallis-street,  Mr.  Rose  came  into  the  room,  and  on  that  occasion  he  stated  to  him  (the  Chairman)  that  no  more  •manure  would  be  deposited  there  but  cinders,  and  that  what  was  already  there  would  •be  removed.  Now,  in  spite  of  this  promise,  Mr.  Rose  was  actually  depositing  manure  there  at  the  resent  time,  and  Ire  therefore  thought  that  the  time  had  arrived  when  proceedifigg  should  be  taken  against  Mr.  Rose  to  compel  him  to  remove  it.  With  this  view  he  moved  that  Mr.  Cleaver  take  such  legal  steps  against  Mr.  Rose  as  the  circumstances  of  the  case  demanded.  —Mr.  WENSLEY  seconded  the  motion,  which  was  carried  without  a  dissentient  voice.  After  some  fUrther  routine  business  the  Board  adjourned.  SCOTCH  say  the  .  papers,  has  already  set  in  with  severity  in  What  is  worse  ;  Lord  Aberdeen  has,  months  since,  set  in  with  severity  in  E  ngland.—Punch.  ,  QUEENSTOWN.  —A  sad  accident  has  happened  to  Lieutenant  Fitzgerald,  of  the  Marines,  belonging.to  the  Terrible,  by  the  want  of  thought  of  some  midshipman,  whom  he  met  returning  from  shooting.  It  appears  he  'asked  the  youngster  some  questions  upon  which  the  latter  answered,  I  wi  ll  l  e  t  you  know  who  I  firing  off  his  gun  in  the  marine  officer's  face.  Happily,  it  was  not  loaded  with.  shot,  although  the  force  of  the  powder  has  destroyed  the  sight  of  one  eye,  if  not  both.  -Major-general  Sir  J.  Thackwell,  is  expected  in  Cork  to-morrow,  when  he  will  receive  a  public  reception.  POLICE  COURTS.-  tiCTEPDAY  TilE  KNIFE.---A  young  man  of  very  ill  appearance,  named  Mogi  Tdy  ;  ;was  brought  forward,  charged  with  stabbing  a  girl  halted  BetSy  Ingfam  on  Monday  night.  The  prosecutrix  said,  she  Went  with  the  prisoner'  du  the  evening  in  ques question  tion question  to  take  a  glass  of  ale  in  a  Vault  in  Watertoozroad,  when  they  had  some  dispute,  and  the  prisoner  dabbed  het',  A  medical  gentleman  deposed  to  examining  the  wound,  which  Ni`eiit  to  the  bone  in  left  side  but  was  not  dangerous.  Tlie  prisoner  was  corataitted  for  trial  to  the  assizes.  THE  ACt  OF  TE.A.nTs.—A  decent  res#eetably  clad  sea seaman;  man; seaman;  who  gave  his  name  as  William  Doherty,  of  the  ship  charged  three  men  ;  with  swindling  him  out  of  two  shillings,  in  Mr.  Condliffe's  public_  hous  e;  i  n  London Londonroad.  road. Londonroad.  He  had  been  paid  off  on  Tuesday,  aild  was  proceed proceeding  ing proceeding  in  the  direction  M  t, STYLE=superscript  George's-road,  wh  en  h  e  fl  ee  t  t  wo  of  the  Prisoners;  One  of  theni  rtresepted  himself  to  be  a  farmer.  They  induced  to  enter  the  l!Ouse  i  and  called  for  drink,  Parker  afterwards  came  in  as  if  selhii  .z`  razors,  They  riden  produced  cards,  and  the  complainant  was  in induced  duced induced  to  play;  they  offered  to  bet  with  him,  that  he  would  not  find  the  ace  of  hearts  by  looking  at  the  hacks  of  the  bards,  a  bet  he  was  simple  enough  to  make.  When  the  fel fellows  lows fellows  were  arrested,  several  flash  notes  and  sovereigns  were  found  on  their  persMisi  The  magistrate  said,  that  it  was  quite  evident  the  prisoners  Were  roBues  and  vagabonds:  Ile  would  therefore  commit  them  for  three  monthi  each:  Mr.  Clough.Saidi  that  they  very  accurately  answered  the  deserip  , STYLE=superscript  tion  of  three  men  Charged  With  a  robbery  somewhere  In  Suffolk.  CUTTING  WTTII  A  'Won.—  Mary  M'Evdy  charged  a  hideous-loookinm  ruffian,  named  John  Kelly,  with  Miffing  and  maiming  her  in  the  public-house  of  a  person  named  Fishers  in  Tithebarn-street.  She  deposed  that  she  had  formerly  cohabited  with  this  brr  T.  went  hihi  and  a  woman•  into  the  public-hodge  named;  when  he  knocked  her  dolirn  aio.  cut  her  arm  with  a  rator  r  in  a  very  serimie  manner:,  The  .  other  .  weniai  swore  that  -the  savage  knocked  her  down  and  cut  her  fin  with  the  same  weapon,  though  she  had  at  child  in  her  arms.  The  prisoner  was  co  time  a  monthei  with  hard  labour:  A  PLnAgAY'r  IN  Gostilloe,  one  of  th  Lancashire  Artillery,  Was  cliatecl  with  indecently  exposinl  his  person,  and  alherwise  most  outrageously  conducting  hiniself  in  the  house  of  Mr.  Bontlierby  ;  Great  Ilaracr.street,  where  he  was  billetted.  lie  had  thictivit  the  bed  and  bed-clothe  shout;  broken  a  jug,  threatened  to  piill  down  the  house,  made  tise:  of  most  ruffianly  lang,uage,  and  to  wind  up;  committed  an  indecent  nuisance  in  the  bar  before  complainant's  wife.  The  magistrate  said  that  re respectable  spectable respectable  peoplp  must  be  protected  from  such  ruffians.  It  was  hard  enough  to  have  people  billetted  in  decent  houses,  without  the  occurrence  of  such  conduct,  He  therefore  fined  the  prisoner  405.,  and  in  default  to  be  imprisated  for  one  month.  •  AN  AMATEUR  DETECTIVE.---A  Scotchman  who  was  sworn  after  the  usages  of  the  Scotch  covenant  said  that,  on  Thurs Thursday,  day, Thursday,  he  was  going  cloWii.  Tithtbarn  , STYLE=superscript  street  when  he  saw  an  ill-looking  person,  named  Sallies  &amp;gat,  tie  prisoner.  Sup Supposing:  posing: Supposing:  him  to  be  a.bad  character  lin  resolved  to.  detect  hini,  and,  for  thatpurpose  feigned  s'e3p  and  inebriety,  Whilst  he  allowed  the  prisoner  to  rob  him  of  his  watch,  which  the  latter  broke.  The'  officer,  found  the  Wateli  lying  on  the  street;  The  magistrate  discharged  the  prisoner  on  the  ground  that  the  prosecutor  had,been  served  perfectly  right.  61.1E111  4 STYLE=superscript  0R  WAGES.--DISPUTED  JURISDICTION.  —Yesterday  'four  seamen,  speaking  the  Spanish  language,  and  one  who  spoke  English,  summoned  Dominick  Azzopani,  of  the  ship  Anturo.  The  captain  was  represented  by  Mr.  Campbell,  solicitor;  whilst  Mr.  Chilton  appeared  for  the  claimants.  Mr.  Campbell  said  that  he  believed  the  prelimi preliminary  nary preliminary  question  was  whether  the  magistrates  had  or  had  not  jurisdiction,  and  he  believed  he  could  chew  that  they  had  not.  Accordingly  the  captain  was  sworn  and  examined  by  an  interpreter,  when  he  said  that  the  vessel  belonged  to  the  principality  of  Wallachia,  now  occupied  by  Russian  troops,  and  the  owner  resides  in  Constantinople,  and  is  a  subject  of  Wallachia.  The  magistrate  said  that  this  settled  the  mat=  ter,  as,  in  order  to  give  the  court  jurisdiction,  the  vessel  should  be  a  British  one.  This  matter  was,  however,  ad adjourned,  journed, adjourned,  on  the  moVement  of  Mr.  'Chilton,  to  have  the  ship's  certificate  produced.:  FURIOUS  DRIVING.—ThOMaS  Jackson  was  fined  ss,  for  furiously  driving  a  spring  cart  through  the  streets:  Thomas  Rowe,  fined  5s  and  costs,  for  driving  a  car  in  Pork-Toad  at  the  rate  of  12  miles  an  hour.  John  Hanley,  5s  and  costs,  for  furiously  driving  in  Windsor-street.  William  Tarbert,  lOs  and  costs,  for  furious  driving  in  St.  James's-road:  CRUI:LTY  TO  ANIMALS.—Thomas  Gullagher  was  fined  2s  6d  and  costs,  for  driving  a  poor  donkey,  whose  back  was  all  raw  under  the  saddle,  and  described  as  being  in  a  state  shocking  to  look  at.  SToxi  THROWING.,—TWO  little  boys  ;  named  Warburton  and  Enerdall,  were  charged  with  throwing  stones  in  the  street  ;  at  a  nurse  with  some  children,  and  fined  5s  each.  A  PRINTER  IN  DIFFicuLTIEs.-Alexauder  Campbell,  a  printer,  was  placed  in  the  .dock,  charged  by  Mr.  Hilton,  a  gentleman  connected  with  the  office  of  the  Northern  Daily  Times,  with  having  come  into  that  establishment  upon  the  previous  night,  quite  drunk,and  created  a  disturbance  there.  Mr.  Hilton  stated  that  he  appeared  upon  the  part  of  Mr.  Charles  Withrwr,  and  that  the  prisoner  had  herrn  mado  drunk  by  members  of  the  Printers'  Society,  in  order  to  pre prevent  vent prevent  him  from  doing  any  work  for  the  Northern  Daily  Times.  Mr.  Maisfield  asked  what  the  prisoner  had  to  say  in  his  defence.  Prisoner  :  I  believe,  your  worship,  this  is  a  court  of  justice;  - STYLE=superscript  and  I  trust  you  - STYLE=superscript  iaf3t  grant  me  the  privi privilege  lege privilege  of  explaining  this  transaction  up  to  the  present  hour.  I  am  a  journeyman  printer,  and  I  vacated  my  situation  in  London,  to  take  a  frame  upon  Mr.  Charles  Willmer's  news newspaper.  paper. newspaper.  I  came  down  from'  London,  and  having  been  in  Liverpool  before,  I.  niet  a  number  of  old  acquaintances,  and  had  a  glass  or  two  with  them,  and  the  consequence  .was,  I  became  seriously  'indisposed,  and  unable  to  commence  business  at  the  time  aypointed.  I  went,  the  following  day,  and  tendered  my  services  .to  51r.Willmer,  but  he  said,  have  come  too  late  ;  I.  am  afraid  you  are  like  others,  led  away  from  me  by  the  Printers'  Society,  and  I  have  put  another  man  in  your  From  that  time  to  this,  I  have  met  Mr.  Willmer  frequently  in  the  street,  and  have  spoken  to  him,  and  he  told  me  that  the  first  vacancy  which  occured  in  the  office,.  I  should  be  put  to  the  frame.  Yesterday,  I  was  anxious  to  obtain  employment,  and  I  went  to  Birkenhead,  where'  a  gentleman  named  Osborne  had  en engaged  gaged engaged  me  for  service,  to  commence  this  morninz.  There  was  a  gentleman  ;  an  old  friend  of  mine,  Mr.  Willmer's  foreman,  whom  I  wished  to  see,  and  I  went  into  the  office  last  night.  That  mail  was  not  the  clerk  there,  but  another  young  man.  I  asked.  to  see  my  friend,  but  I  was  told  he  was  busy.  I  asked  to  go  up  You  can't  do  so  without  •  Where  is  Mr.  Willmer  is  engaged  .I  was  in  altercation  with  the  clerk,  respecting  the  unreasonable  nature  of  his  refusal.  when,  my  face  being  turned'  towards  the  street,  this  individual  came  behind  my  back,  gave  'ine  a  push  in  the  neck,  and  pushed  me  into  the  street.  I  turnedround  to  see  who  it  was;  nd  imme immediately  diately immediately  I  saw  Mr.  Willmer  coming  round  from  the  back  of  the  shop.  The  policeman  who  took  me  into  custody  can  tes testify  tify testify  that  I  came  quietly,  and  even  he  pondered,  paused,  and  argued  the  question,  and  said,  Well,  really,  if  you  press  the  charge,  I  must  take  -I  was  not  drunk  ;  I  had  only  taken  a  glass'of  ;.  lam  not  a  member  of  the  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  Printers'  Soclety,.nor  am  I  connected  with  them  in  any  opposition  to  Mr.  -Willmer  ;  I  protest  it  on  the  honour  of  a  man  ;  I  know  there  is  a  strong  feeling  existing  against  me  ;  I  have  not  a  friehd  in  Liverpool,  and  I  do  trust  sincerely  that  the  magistrate  on  the  bench  will  not  inflict  a  penalty  on  me,  for  I  am  unable  to  pay  it,•  and  must  be  committed  to  prison,  the  consequences  of  which  would  be  disastrous  to  me  ;  I  have  left  a  wife  and  an  infant  at  her  breast,  at  Rugby,  - STYLE=superscript  in  Warwickshire,  and  if  I  am  sent  to  prison,  the  only  .  possi possibility  bility possibility  of  support  she  has  is  gone.  Mr.  HILToN  said  that  Mr.  Willmer  did  hot  *Wish  to  press  the  charge,  but  he  was  anxious  that  the  matter  should  be  brought  before  the  public.  The  annoyance  was  not  in  that  man  being  made  drunk,  butin  a  dozen  other  cases.  Last  week  a  machinist  of  Mr.  Willmer's  'was  made  drunk,  and  the  same  thing  had  ooeurred  in  several  other  instances.  The  officer  was  perfectly  aware  that  there  was  no  violence  at  all  used  towards  that  man.  Prisoner  :  I  appeal  to  the  officer:  The  'Police  Officer  :  You  were  not  shoved  out  of  the  shop  ;  I  had  to  take  you  out.  Prisoner  :  I  gave  offence  to  no  one,  and  I  am  not  acting  in  concert  with  the  Liverpool  Society,  nor  would  I  do  anything  inimical  to  Mr.  Charles  Willmer  ;  on  the  contrary,  perhaps  I  would  be  the  man  who  would  have  the  courage  to  speak  out  against  the  unreasonable  nature  of  the  opposition  of  the  printers  of  Liverpool.  Mr.  HILTON  :  This  man  would  have  been  em employed,  ployed, employed,  but  he  never  was  sober.  Mr.  MANSFIELD  :  You  have  certainly  no  reason  to  complain  of  Mr.  Willmer.  He  is  perfectly  ready  to  fulfill  his  contract  with  you.  In  place  of  coming  to  your  work,  and  acquiring  the  character  of  a  respectable  man,  the  appearance  you  make  is  in  a  state  of  into.ication.  The  best  thing  yon'  an  do  is  to  go  to  Cheshire,  and  seek  employment  there.  Let  him  be  discharged.  MANCHESTER.-Cm  COURT  CHARGE  OF  ROBBING  A  TIMBER  WHARF.—Two  boat boatmen  men boatmen  named  Thomas  Peacock,  and  James  Birtles,  were  placed  in  the  dock,  charged  with  having  stolen  a  quantity  of  wood,  the  property  of  Messrs.  Hay,  Nish,  and  Mc  Kean,  Oxford Oxfordstreet  street Oxfordstreet  Saw  Mills,  but  under  the  charge  of  the  Harrington  Carrying  Company,  from  whose  yard  it  was  alleged  that  202  deals  of  timber  had  been  stolen  by  the  prisoners.  Mr.  In Inspector  spector Inspector  Maybury  of  the  detective  department,  the  two  prisoners  were  taken  into  custody  on  a  charge  of  having  taken  a  quantity  of  deals  from  the  side  of  the  canal  near  the  Harrington  Carrying  Company's  wharf.  In  answer  to  questions  put  in  cross-examination  by  Mr.  IV.  P.  Roberts,  solicitor,  who  appeared  for  IPeaCock,  Inspector  Maybury  said  that  in information  formation information  of  the  timber  having  been  stolen  was  given  at  the  Town  Hall,  on  Tuesday  week,  that  the  deals  were  recovered  on  Thursday,  that  Birtles  was  apprehended  the  same  night,  and  that  Peacock  was  brought  to  the  Town  Hall  on  the  previous  day  (Tuesday,)—Mr.  Mc  Hale,  book-keeper  of  the  Harrington  Carrying  Company,  stated  that  202  deals  had  been  missed  from  the  yard  belonging  to  the  Company.  They  took  stock  yesterday  (Tuesday),  and  they  found  that  that  number  was  missing.  The  deals  had  been  received  at  the  yard  at  different  times  within  the  last  12  months.  He  did  not  think  they,  could  have  been  sold.—Cross-examined  by  Mr.  Bart,  solicitor,  who  appeared  for  Riffles  :—I  have  been  in  the  employment  of  the  Company  since  last  Novem November,  ber, November,  but  he  had  never  taken  stock  before  Tuesday,  since  he  went  to  that  establishment.—Mr.  William  Mc.Cowau,  a  book-keeper  in  the  employment  of  Messrs.  Hay,  Nish,  and  McKean,  builders;  Oxford-street;  stated  that  according  to  the  books  of  his  employers,  the  Harrington  Carrying  Com-,  patty  ought  to  have  had  in  their  possession  (belOnging  to  his  .  employers)  6981  deals  of  timber,  but  according  to  the  stock  taken  by  the  company,  they  could  only  produce  6779,  con consepiently  sepiently consepiently  therewas  a  deficiency  of  202  deals.  The  Harrington  y'  *ereCompan  the  carriers  of  Messrs  Hay,  Nish,  and  Mc.  Kean,  and  the  eonipany  were  bound  to  produce  the  number  of  deals  on  the  bookS  of  his  employers.  Witness  knew  the  deals  produced  by  the  mark  on  them.—Cro--  amined.—  The  deals  might  have  been  Christmas  last  (when  he  lot  t  Messrs.  Hay,  Nish,  and  I.lc.lCeim  in  the  yard  of  the  rying  Company,  the  yard  of  Messrs.  Bellhouse,  Oxford-roau,  and  their  own  yard.  The  Messrs.  Bellhouse,  who  were  ready  to  produce  the  account  in  full  of  the  deals  under  their  charge,  were  certain  that  none.of  the  timber  had  been  taken  from  their  yard.  The  missing  deals  might  have  been  taken  from  the  yard  of  the  Harrington  Carrying  Company,  or  from  that  of  the  Messrs.  Henry,  Nish,  and  McKean.  Mr.  Mc  Nish  stated  that  he  went  to  the  Town's  Yard  on  Monday,  when  a  party  told  him  that  he  thought  certain  deals  then  produced,  were  the  property  of  Messrs.  Henry,  Nish,  Kean,  whose  mark  was  upon  them.  The  firm  immediately  sent  to  the  offices  of  the  Harrington  Carrying  Company,  with  a  request  that  they  would  take  stock  of  the  quantity  of  deals  in  their  yard  belonging  to  the  firm.  It  was  then  dis discovered  covered discovered  that  202  deals  were  missing.  John  Lister,  who  is  employed  in  the  tonnage  department  of  the  Bridgewater  Canal,  stated  that  on  the  previous  Wednesday  morning,  a  man  paid  him  2s:  tonnage  for  a  quantity  of  timber  in  a  boat.  The  man  who  paid  him  the  money  was  not  present,  but  Bir Birles,  les, Birles,  one  of  the  prisoners,  was  near  to  the  boat  when  wit witless  less witless  went  dov  i.  to  it.  A  person  named  John  Ilan  brilter,  stated  hat  he  purchased  from  a  friend  Henry  HO*  , STYLE=superscript  ker;  in.  Salford,  thirty  deals  of  woou,  went  Qv  as  to  iudu  , STYLE=superscript  of  timber  1  Liverpbl  of  which  bolt  PC,  111  M  to  m  gave  him  had  deal's  sout  a  Yard  by  M  ton  Carl  atually  the  thirty  deal.  ad  Pule(  A  purl  the  boat  and  Mc  .Hon  of  In  order  to  iivetim  two  sur  each."
