text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  of  the  word—once  so  wide  spread  and  89  com-  mon  that'  the  dangers  arising  therefrom  formed  as  much  a  matter  of  calculation  for  the  shipowner  or  the  underwriter,  as  those  from  fire,  wars,  or  ship shipwreck—have,  wreck—have, shipwreck—have,  as  before  said,.  been  put  down  by  the  united  energy  of  civilized  nations  ;  and  of  such  perils  no  Vessel  leaving  port,  manned  even  .aCcord .aCcording  ing .aCcording  to  the  most  approved  peace  fashion,  need  en entertain  tertain entertain  a  dread.  But  there  is  another  species  of  piracy  to  which  merchant  vessels,  especially  those  trading  to  or  from  ports  of  half-civilized  coun countries,  tries, countries,  and  in  consequence  frequently  having  a  few  •  natives  of  them  among  their  crews,  are  still  subjected  ;  and  •of  this  fact  our  columns  lately  afforded  a  truly  fearful  exemplifi exemplification.  cation. exemplification.  The  details  of  the  catastrophe,  as  we  are  possessed  of  them,  are  as  brief  as  they  are  horrible—we  will  place  them  once  more  before  our  readers.  The  Aratoon  Apcan  clipper clipperbark;  bark; clipperbark;  belonging,  it  seems,  to  Calcutta,  left  Hong  Kong  a  few  months  since,  on  her  return  voyage.  She  was  under  the  command  of  Captain  Henry  Lovett;  and,  besides  her  compliment,  (made  up  principally  of  Bengalese,  with  ten  'Chi 'Chi.neSe,  .neSe, 'Chi.neSe,  the  mates  being  English),  appears  to  have  had  two  or  more  Chinese  passengers  and  two  Eng English  lish English  on  board.  According  to  the  last  entry  made  in  the  log  book  of  the  ill-fated  ship,  Green  island  was  distant  at  noon  on  the  day  of  their  departure  N.E  52  miles.  At  midnight  the  pilot  took  his  de departure,  parture, departure,  leaving  the  ship  in  charge  of  Mr.  Wood Woodburne,  burne, Woodburne,  the  second  mate.  Half  an  hour  after  this,  the  Chinese  portion  of  the  crew,  with  the  two  Chi Chinese  nese Chinese  passengers,  rushed  up,  armed  with  sharp  square  knives,  and  after  murdering  and  throwing  overboard  the  unhappy  mate,  made  their  way  into  the  cabin,  where  the  captain,  the  chief  mate,  a  young  relative  of  the  former,  and  the  two  passen passengers,  gers, passengers,  one  a  surgeon,  and  the  other,  the  late  com commander  mander commander  of  a  merchant  vessel,  were  in  their  berths.  All  these,  with  the  exception  of  Captain  Lovett,  who  was  mortally  wounded  and  left  in  the  cabin,  were  either  thrown  or  jumped  overboard.  The  man  at  the  wheel,  it  seems,  and  some  Lascar  seamen,  who  were  on  deck  at  the  time,  made  their  way  into  the  rigging,  and,  about  two  o'clock,  con contrived  trived contrived  to  communicate  the  dreadful  scene  they  had  witnessed  to  the  gunner,  who  occupied  a  berth  for forward,  ward, forward,  and  was  in  utter  ignorance  of  any  thing  ex extraordinary  traordinary extraordinary  having  occurred.  Meanwhile  the  villians,  having  spiked  the  guns,  cut  away  the  top topsail  sail topsail  halyards,  and  endeavoured  to  set  the  ship  on  fire,  made  their  escape  in  the  quarter  boats.  Great  hopes  are  entertained  of  their  capture,  as  also  that  some  of  their  victims  who  are  missing  may  have  .succeeded  in  reaching,  a  small  island  near  which  the  ship  lay  at  the  time  of  the  outbreak.  Thus,  then,  we  see  that  the  discipline  even  of  an  English  ship,  commanded  by  English  officers,  may  prove  inadequate  to  .forstall  or  contend  against  the  diabolical  daring  and  cunning  of  exasperated  or  greedy  savages—for  the  cause  which  provoked  their  passions  in  the  present  case  is  yet  unknown—or  how  far  their  object,  whatever  it  may  have  been,  beyond  murder,  was  effected.  The  one  lamentable  fact  before  us,  that  British  officers  have  been  mur murdered,  dered, murdered,  a  British  vessel  captured  and  afterwards  abandoned,  by  a  small  band  of  cowardly  savages,  is,  we  think,  a  sufficient  justification  for  bringing  it  thus  prominently  before  our  readers.  If  there  is  once  place  more  than  another  especially  interested  in  such  a  tragical  occurrence,  it  is  assuredly  the  Port  of  Liverpool.  THE  ISAAC  WRIGHT."
