text
"have  been  made  at  various  pric  Fine  fresh  old  wh  per  quarter  late  rates.  Barley  was  more  ple  Oats  full  as  dear.  Beans  were  arrivals  for  the  barley,  1,875  ;  oats,  336  ;  I  GLASGOW  MARKETS.  —our  Fit;  rtioN  market  yesterdn  0.72-.  7,  steady,  and  prices  a  shade  higl  cr,  warrants  were  bought  a  lers,,  No.  1,  gau.b.  66s  Gartsherrie,  721  CATTLE  MARKET,  OCT.  6.—There  were  868  beasts  at  market  yesterday,  and  5,446  sheep  and  1,174  lambs,  but  business  was  flat  and  prices  tending  downwards.  Only  a  small  proportion  of  %the  stocks  found  buyers.  The  best  quality  of  beef  sold  at  .555.  per  cwt.,  and  best  mutton  at  6d.  per  lb.  VISIT  OF  THE  RIGHT  HON.  W.  E.  GLADSTONE,  M.P.,  CHANCELLOR  OF  THE  EXCHEQUER,  TO  MANCHESTER.—The  Right  •H  on  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer  is  expected  to  arrivein  Manchester  on  Monday  next,  on  a  visit  to  J.  C.  Harter,  Esq.,  Broughton  Hall.  On  Wednesday,  addresses  will  be  presented  to  the  Right  Hon.  Gentleman  on  behalf  of  several  public  bodies,  in  the  Town  Hall,  King-street.  Yes Yesterday  terday Yesterday  (Friday)  the  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Commercial  Association  met,  and  agreed  upon  an  address  ;  the  Directors  of  the  Chamber  of  Commerce  have  taken  a  similar  step,  and  on  Monday  a  special  meeting  of  the  .  City  Co  unc  il  i  s  t  o  b  e  held,  for  the  purpose  of  considering  the  propriety  of  pre presenting  senting presenting  an  address  to  the  Right  Hon.  W.  E.  Gladstone,  M.P.,  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  on  the  occasion  of  his  visit  to  this  Mr.  Gladston  e  ,  it  i  s  expected,  will  re receive  ceive receive  the  addresses  in  the  Town  Hall,  about  one  o'clock  on  Wednesday  afternoon, STYLE=superscript  when  he  will  probably  speak  at  con conconsiderable  considerable conconsiderable  length  before  the  assembled  councillors,  mer merchants,  chants, merchants,  manufacturers,  and  other  citizens,  invited  to  be  pre present  sent present  on  the  occasion.  A  luncheon  will  then  take  place  in  the  Hall,  at  which  M  r.  Gl  a  d  stone,  an  d  a  d  i  st  i  ngu  i  shed  company,  will  bepresent.  Iu  th  e  f  orenoon  th  e  Ri  g  ht  H  on  .  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  will  be  present  at  the  inauguration  of  the  Peel  statue  in  front  of  the  Royal  Infirmary.  It  is  unneccessary  to  refer  to  the  close  intimacy  which  existed  between  the  Right  Hon,  gentleman  and  the  late  illustrious  statesman,  in  whose  honour  the  statue  has  been  erected.  Mr.  Gladstone  will  be  accompanied  by  Mrs.  Gladstone,  and,  we  understand,  that  during  their  stay  at  Broughton  Hall,  the  Right  Rev.  the  Bishop  of  Oxford  will  be  the  guest  of  Mr.  J.  C.  Harter.  Mr.  Gladstone  has,  we  believe,  accepted  an  invitation  to  dine  with  the  Mayor  of  Manchester,  at  Brookside,  on  Thursday  next,  when  the  Bishop  of  Oxford,  the  Bishop  of  Manchester,  and  a.  distinguished  party  will  meet  the  Right  lion.  Geutl€  DIED  On  the  6th  inst.,  at  his  residence,  Strand  Villtt,  Bootle,  Edward,  third  son  of  the  late  Watkin"
