text
"at STYLE=superscript  icqlai  Education,  which  was  every  d  ore  Popish  in  its  'ten  ,tselreplied  that  it  would  I  L'  ad  1  would  go  into  the  uouncii  LOLany  utipieugt  13'14t  „'olvever  been  brought  up  and  educated  a  Pr  [  ,7  4  4 STYLE=superscript  7,  a STYLE=superscript  Churchman,  and  wishing  the  Church  well,  i STYLE=superscript  T,  5 STYLE=superscript  11  4 STYLE=superscript  1,  anything  that  would  injure  the  Protestant  ,\APPIau  )  As  to  giving  any  particular  pledge  p;  e STYLE=superscript  details  .  of  measur  .  es,  he  trusted  he  would  liaolv  ev  — STYLE=superscript  ''u.  guilty  of  discourtesy  in  refusing.  lie  would  itteli:  l STYLE=superscript  '  , STYLE=superscript  that  he  would  support  education  based  upon  '&#34;xli  e  '  l( STYLE=superscript  .  4l STYLE=superscript  and  the  Bible.  eting  then  separated.  by  his  a&amp;  .14$t  PITT-STREET  WARD.  :  1(1 STYLE=superscript  )(  4:  1'll STYLE=superscript  ing,  a  meeting  of  the  Electors  of  Pitt-street  et  Vi  ll  °llr STYLE=superscript  able  to  the  return  of  Mr.  W.  MANN,  was  held  e  6:  Tavern  Pitt-street,  Mr.  Alderman  TOULMIN  d  -46 STYLE=superscript  Aldermrn  Bo  Mr.  Jeffreys,  an  414,15,'  r.  cino,  M STYLE=superscript  and  several  other  ld, STYLE=superscript  gentlemen  were  pre-  having  opened  the  business  of  the  meet meettt4l,  tt4l, meettt4l,  an STYLE=superscript  .1,  1) STYLE=superscript  .  StprnEys  proposed  a  vote  of  thanks  to  Mr.  Tow  N STYLE=superscript  irnin,  for  his  services  to  the  Ward  in  his  capa capacittiOlutll.,  cittiOlutll., capacittiOlutll.,  Councillor.  seconded  the  motion,  which  was  carried  unani-  ,&gt;4t  4l  ,  f  o  felt  grateful  for  the  honour  conferred  1  e4  4 STYLE=superscript  s?  many  year,  and  he  felt  gratified  sottha  his  .tly  f  ,  to  * STYLE=superscript  be  filled  up  by  a  gentleman  pre pre-41114tialified  41114tialified pre-41114tialified  as  Mr.  Mann,  who  was  so  well  known  11  , STYLE=superscript  rut  and  ho  uarble  man  of  business,  who  *as  no  ,  t  , STYLE=superscript  „  4 STYLE=superscript  let  i  m  acquainted  with  the  duties  which  devolved  ,  e STYLE=superscript  !  of  the  Council.  lie  had  already  served  in  when.  ,  1„  as  a  ---  -  Person  whom  they  wouldl  farm  as  a  fit  e  believed  be  Vl?r  e  - STYLE=superscript  s  - STYLE=superscript  e  t STYLE=superscript  ,Proposed  Mt  ik  Ne  letl  ,  lit  the  Ward.  H  k  Ith  o  '  re STYLE=superscript  presentative  .  He  hero  read  n  .  s  l  .  in  London,  stating  he  could  not  '  3ll.  to  Monday;  but  he  hoped  on  Saturday  evcnin,  h  .  kil,sti  ounce  by  telegraph  to  Mr.  Mann  his  trium-  totu  Mi  Vseconded  th  e  p  ropos  iti  on  .  1  Ali'-si,t..)l  then  call  e  d  on  M  r.  B  o  ld  t  o  a  dd  1 STYLE=superscript  ,Ile  kt  4 STYLE=superscript  :rman  BOLD  then  came  forward,  and  was  ri  .t STYLE=superscript  t  Iv  °I  a  4  Kentish  fi  re.  He  said  that  Mr.  Mann  t  well  known  that  it  would  be  import'  likruilttee  any STYLE=superscript  forthinsix  g STYLE=superscript  y  ears  with  in  his  favour  M  .  in  He  had  sat  r.  Mann,  and  •  et STYLE=superscript  e  ,  I  th  ,  d  t  here  w  as  a  nore  valuable  man  on  the  it STYLE=superscript  Co  erg  bgeneral  experienee  in  shipping  and  mercanti  alg  o  a  r STYLE=superscript  ,  olight  to  beat  in  the  most  admirable  manne  ):  111 STYLE=superscript  abi  e  g,,°,  0 STYLE=superscript  (1  speaker,  and  after  losing  the  services  c  '  five  they  would  secure  by  Mr.  Mann'  kembers  for  their  Ward  (Hear,  hear),  H  mittee,  led  upon  them  to  vote  ear  tnn  would  be  triumphantly  returned.  (Applaus(  The  motion  was  then  unanimously  agreed  to.  and  by  two  o'clock  Several  other  gentlemen  then  bore  testimony  to  the  ability  and  high  character  of  Mr.  Mann,  and  after  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  chairman,  t  Sings  termi-  A  meeting  of  the  supporters  of  Mr.  John  Smith,  was  held  at  Weston's  95,  Park-lane,  last  night.  The  chair  was  taken  by  Mr.'MMILLEN.  Among  the  gentlemen  present  were  Messrs  Bell,  Wright,  Steele,  Carpenter,  Pepper.  Lowe,  Lovell,  Barlow,  Thompson,  M'  Clelland,  Doran,  Heylock,  Kennedy,Campbell,  Bennett,  Maguire,  Buggiano,Casey,  Fitz Fitzgerald,  gerald, Fitzgerald,  M'Kenna,  Rees,  Jeffreys,  Evans,  Crowe,  Williams,  &amp;c.  Some  time  having  been  occupied  in  making  arrange-  rents  for  the  polling  this  day,  Mr.  BARLOW  at  the  request  of  the  Chairman,  addressed  the  Meeting.  He  reminded  them  that  at  nine  o'clock  next  day,  the  polling  would  commence,  and  he  asked  them  whe whether  ther whether  on  to-morrow  they  were  to  be  placed  in  the  minority:  STO,  For  his  own  . STYLE=superscript  part,  he  couldonlystiy  that  if  they  were  placed  in  that  position,  he  should  be  ashamed  of  his  neighbours,  and  ashamed  of  Ward,  but  not  ashamed  of  the  principles,  which  they  had  endeavoured  to  inculcate  upon  the  minds  of  the  electors.  (Hear,  hear,  and  applause.).  Should  they  then,  or  should  they  not,  ap apply  ply apply  to  their  work,  to  morrow  morning  like  men  ?  He  for  one  would  do  so.  (Applause.)  He  trusted,  and  he  felt  con convinced  vinced convinced  that  before  twelve  o'clock  to-morrow,  if  they  all  worked  properly,  they  would  have  convinced  their  oppo opponents,  nents, opponents,  that  the  Pitt-street  Ward,  was  not  as  they  imagined,  the  rock  of  Gibraltar  to  them,  but,  that  the  liberal  party  in  that  Ward  could  win  it  and  retrieve  their  character.  (Hear,  iplause.)  They  should  endeavour  to  tale  thC  Dad  of  then-  opponents  at  - STYLE=superscript  nine  o'clock  in  the  morning,  and  o  hold  that  position  throughout  the  entire  of  the  day.  Hear,  hear.)  Let  no  excuses,  no  causes  whatever,  lead  ny  man  to  delay  going  to  the  poll  until  an  advanced  period  f  the  day,  but  let  them  all  be  there  at  nine  o'clock,  and  efore  twelve  they  would  be  able  to  settle  down  to  their  wn  business,  satisfied  that  the  election  was  won.  (Ap-  Ilause.)  He  need  say  nothing  about  the  candidates,  both  of  whom  were  known  to  all  of  them.  As  to  their  opponent  he  believed  , STYLE=superscript  that  if  more  were  known  of  him  ho  would  be  less  liked.  Let  them  then  send  in  a  man  as  their  represen representative,  tative, representative,  who  could  speak  for  them,  and  who  would  speak.  Who  could  work  for  them,  and  who  would  work,  and  who,  he  fully  believed,  would  let  slip  no  opportunity  of  advanc advancthe  the advancthe  interests  of  that  Ward,  as  well  as  the  community  of  Liverpool  in  general.  (Applause.)  Mr  ANS  thought  one  great  reason  why  they  should  .1%  Mann  was,  to  be  found  in  the  very  fact,  that  a  he  had  been  sent  in  from  the  Park  to  the  Conn Conn.ore,  .ore, Conn.ore,  he  absolutely  went  diametrically  in  opposition  to  nterests  of  the  people  there,  and  voted  for  the  removal  ie  timber  trade  from  that  place  to  the  north  end,  for  which  reason  principally,  he  believed,  they  would  not  have  him  any  longer  in  the  Council.  That  fact  proved  that  he  was  not  the  man  for  the  people.  (Hear,  hear).  It  proved  very  clearly  that  he  was  not  a  man  associated  with  the  people  and  that  he  did  not  know  their  wants.  The  snore  they  in investigated  vestigated investigated  his  public  character  the  less  they  had  any  reason  to  estimate  it,  and  the  great  reason  why  they  should  do  all  which  lay  in  their  power  to  return  Mr.  John  Smith,  was  that  they  knew  he  had  ever  been  the  champion  of  the.  people.  (Hear,  hear).  He  was  always  most  easly  to  be  approached  by  every  one,  and  was  just  such  a  man  as  they  wanted,  and  one  whom  they  would  never  have  to  bundle  from  the  ward  for  saying  or  'doing  anything  in  the  Council  which  would  be  opposed  to  their  interests.  (Hear,  hear).  They  all  knew  that  his  principles  were  right  and  just.  They  remem remembered  bered remembered  when  Liverpool  was  sunk  in  Torysim,  and  he  be believed  lieved believed  that  Torysim  never  elevated  any  nation,  and  that  all  the  good  which  Englishmen  enjoyed  either  in  Church  or  State  they  owed  to  the  principles  of  Reform,  that  nation  never  rose  by  any  other  means,  and  never  shone  in  such  lustre  or  beauty  as  when  the  princip'es  of  true  reform  began  to  prevail.  (Cries  of  hear,  hear,  and  loud  applause).  Mr.  REES  JEFFREYS  briefly  stated,  'that  out  of  'seventeen  gentlemen  in  Park-lane,  who  had  voted,  as  he  and  the  meet meeting.believed,  ing.believed, meeting.believed,  upon  the  wrong  side  at  the  ,  last  election,  he  le  number,  would  not  alone  vote,  but  would  work  heart  hand  at  'the  right  side  this  'time.  (Applause  1,  they  would  work  earnestly,  keep  their  tempers  and  in  - STYLE=superscript  Ei;Ecron  :  We  don't  live  in  the  West  Derby  ward  ear,  hear,  and  laughter.)  Mr:  JEFFIIEYS  said  tbei  would  be  certain  to  walk  over  the  Jones  this  time.  (Hear,  hear.)  •  .  BARLOW  hoped  'the  meeting  would  understand,  that  i  any  remarks  which  were  Ir.  Mann,  there  was  nothin  ade  that  evening  regarding  'hatever  said,  or  intended  to  be  said,  against  his  character  as  a  private  'gentleman,  but  merely  that  his  public  principles  were  not  those  which  that  meeting  would  desire  to  see  in  the  Council.  (General  cries  of  hear,  hear.)  The  CHAIRMAN  :  We  have  nothing  whatever  to  do  with  him  as  a  private  gentleman.  It  is  only  his  public  character  with  which  we  deal,  as  that  of  a  gentleman  who  has  come  NETT  then  addrE  did  not  come  there  to  discuss  the  private  character  of  any  eman.  It  was  of  men's  public  character  that  they  ;  and  it  was  upon  that  ground  that  he  said  he  had  heard  of  any  one  better  qualified  to  represent  that  than  t  le  cant  ate  wtio  now  b,  that  meeting.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  was  a  man  who  had  been  the  great  source  of  information  upon  most  affairs  to  all  around  him.  They  who  knew  anything  were  mainly  in indebted  debted indebted  to  him  for  their  information.  Not  only  the  imme immediate  diate immediate  political  questions,  but  all  questions,  his  large  mind  had  embraced.  Foibles  or  errors,  if  he  had  any,  were  not  observed  in  him  ;  they  were  not  perceptible  to  the  general  mass,  for  he  kept  them  at  home,  and  only  brought  the  large  qualities  of  his  mind  before  the  public.  (Hear,  hear).  When  any  great  occasion  arose  which  wanted  a  man,  then  he  was  to  be  found,  and  he  had  the  will,  and  the  energy,  and  the  soul  to  interpret  it.  (Re (Renewed  newed (Renewed  applause.)  It  was  such  a  man  they  wanted—a  man  who  could  represent  their  interests  as  he  could  do.  If  they  elected  John  Smith  to-morrow,  as  the  representative  of  Pitt-street  Ward,  they  would  be  not  only  doing  a  service  to  themselves  by  electing  a  man  who  was  qualified  to  represent  their  interests  and  the  interests  of  the  town,  but  they  would,  at  the  same  time,  be  setting  an  example  to  every  other  Ward  in  Liverpool.  (Hear,  hear,  and  loud  applanse).  He  looked  upon  it  that  by  the  very  fact  of  the  position  they  1  up,  they  had  already  done  a  great  deal  to  cause  warm  to  become  vigorous,  and  those  who  disposed  to  be  idle  ;  who  were  li  ho  had,  as  They  imagined,  vested  k  about  them  and  attend  to  the  rinance  of  their  duties,  (Hear,  hear).  He  had  no  t  that  the  stand  they  had  taken  would  have  the  effect  of  jouncil  to  be  far  more  att  'ties  for  the  future.  (Hear,  hear).  Bat  i  who  came  before  the  iany  in  the  C  tive  than  they  had  been  to  th  vas  not  sufficient  Wards  as  candidates,  must  be  men  not  seeking  to  bias  any  of  the  electors  ;  but  men  who  took  up  the  duty  with  a  full  sense  of  the  responsibility  which  the  election  would  entail  upon  them,  and  men  who,  when  returned,  would  use  their•  exertions  for  the  benefit  of  the  town.  (Hear,  hear).  'Mr.  HAYLOCK  said  the  time  for  the  eleCtion  was  so  - STYLE=superscript  near  at  mud,  that  they  could  not  devote  much  of  it  to  making  ipeeches,  but  should  give  their  energies  a  practical  direction.  If  there  was  any  gentleman  who  - STYLE=superscript  felt  it  his  duty  to  aid  in  return  of  a  good  man  to  the  Council,  to  protect  the  lirge  estates  which  he  perceived  were  spoken  of  by  Mr.  Mann  in  his  address,  and  he  who  had  not  yet  come  forward  to  offer  them  his  assistance,  he  trusted  that  that  gentleman  would  now  come  forward  before  the  meeting  separated,  and  declare  that  he  was  willing  to  devote  the  Saturday,  although  the  most  important  business  day,  and  render  all  the  assistance  he  could  in  the  promotion  of  the  good  cause,  and  in  carrying  out  the  principle  which  they  had  always  professed  :  and  if  they  Nv  Ildetermined  to  - STYLE=superscript  give  their  aid  in  that  manner  md  - STYLE=superscript  to  work  as  they  ought,  there  could  be  no  doubt  that  they  would  return  their  man  by  a  triumphant  majority.  (Hear,  hear,  and  loud  applause).  It  was  quite  evident  from  the  3hange  it  the  toile  of  feeling  in  that  ward  since  the  last  !lectien  that  the  means  were  within  their  grasp,  and  that  it  would  be  their  own  fault  if  they  were  not  successful.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  was  quite  evident,  from  what  he  had  heard  stated  by  gentlemen  who  took  an  active  part  in  the  business  of  that  ward,  that  a  great  many  of  those  who  voted  for  Mr.  Jeffreys  at  the  last  election  did  so  from  respect  for  his  amiable  and  gentlemanly  private  character,  but  they  now  felt  that  their  public  duty  would  induce  and  compel  them  to  vote  for  the  best  man  at  this  present  election,  irrespectve  of  friendly  feeling  altogether.  He  was  therefore  satisfied  that  many  who  voted  for  Mr.  Jefferys  at  the  late  election  would  now  not  only  vote  but  cordially  work  to  secure  the  return  of  Mr.  John  Smith.  (Hear,  hear).  If,  therefore,  that  meeting  kept  up  the  steam  which  had  been  generated  that  night,  they  would  win  the  race  to-morrow,  and  before  long  they  would  go-ahead.  (Hear,  hear,  cheers,  and  laughter).  Mr.  THOMPSON  briefly  addressed  the  meeting,  stating  that  the  result  of  the  election  would  show  that  the  Pitt  Street  Ward  was  not  designed  to  be  always  Tory-ridden,  as  they  rad  been  before,  for  they  were  determined  to  retrieve  thei  j STYLE=superscript  r  haracters  to-morrow,  and  by  industry,  perseveran  ce  ,  an  d  arnest  work  to  place  Mr.  John  Smith  at  the  head  of  the  )01l  by  an  overwhelming  majority,  and  show  the  Town  )ouncil  they  could  send  11  .  1  a  man  who  would  be  a  check  upon  their  actions.  (Hear,  hear,  and  loud  applause).  They  did  not  mean  to  say  anything  derogatory  to  the  private  character  of  any  gentleman,  for  they  acted  altogether  upon  public  grounds.  He  trusted  that  they  would  all  do  their  duty  at  . STYLE=superscript  the  election,  and  place  Mr.  John  Smith  before  12  o'clock  in  such  a  majority  as  would  strike  terror  into  the  hearts  of  all  their  opponents.  (Hear,  hear,  and  loud  applause).  Mr.  M'CLELLAND,  who  acted  as  vice-president  to  the  meeting,  next  spoke.  He  had  no  objection  whatever  to  Mr.  Mann.  He  should  be  excedingly  delighted  that  Mr.  Mann  ;uhi  go  into  the  Council,  buf  not  that  time.  (Hear,  hear.)  ey  said  seniores  priores.  (Laughter.)  Mr.  Smith  first,  1  Mr.  Mann  as  soon  after  as  he  could  get  in.  (Laughter,  loud  applause.)  Let  it  not  be  understood  for  one  mo mont  nt mont  that  the  Pitt-street  Ward  Reform  Association,  or  any  tuber  of  that  committee,  or  any  gentleman  was  anxious  to  urn  Mr.  Smith  to  the  Town  Council,  meant  to  say  a  e  word  against  Mr.  Mai  r,  hear.)  He  was  a  ,  bad  been  a  very  us(  when  he  was  in  the  ivate  character.  In,  and,  in  his  the  Dock  Corn Cornbut  but Cornbut  it  should  be"
