text
"DARTFORD  PETTY  SESSIONS.  BRUTAL  TREATMENT  OF  A  PONY.—Henry  Weller,  gar gardener  dener gardener  to  Mr.  Herds,  of  Dartford,  appeared  to  answer  a  com complaint  plaint complaint  at  the  instance  of  David  Watson,  an  officer  of  the  Royal  Society  for  the  Prevention  of  Cruelty  to  Animals,  for  the  following  barbarous  treatment  of  a  small  Shetland  pony,  belonging  t  3  Mr.  Applegath,  of  Dartford  :—From  the  evidence  it  appears  that  the  pony,  which  was  not  more  than  three  feet  high,  had  strayed  into  a  field  of  Mr.  Hard's,  where  it  was  attacked  by  the  defendant,  who  struck  it  a  tremendous  blow  with  a  large  stake,  which  caused  it  to  fall  down  a  bank  and  roll  into  the  river  Dart.  On  getting  out  the  pony  was  again  attacked  by  the  defendant,  who  struck  it  between  the  eyes  and  across  the  loins  with  the  same  large  stick,  and  drove  it  under  some  railings  which  had  been  placed  to  protect  a  haystack.  While  there  it  was  brutally  kicked  by  the  defendant  in  the  tender  parts  of  the  body,  and  when  extracted  from  the  railings  it  was  found  to  have  lost  the  use  of  its  hind-quarters,  and  was  unable  to  stand.  The  poor  animal  was  conveyed  home  in  a  cart  ;  but,  finding  that  no nothing  thing nothing  could  be  done  for  it,  it  was  found  necessary  that  it  should  be  killed.  The  bench,  taking  into  consideration  the  defendant's  previous  character,  did  not  inflict  the  full  penalty  of  the  law,  but  sentenced  him  to  pay  a  fine  of  forty  shillings,  with  thirty  shillings  costs.  BANKRUPTS.  (From  the  London  Gazette  of  yesterday.)  William  Hinde,  .plumber,  Bedford.  Caleb  Ambrose,  ironmonger,  Sheerness,  Kent.  Henry  Wheeler,  baker,  George-street,  Richmond,  Surrey,  William  Cutler  the  younger,  carpenter,  Ryde,  Isle  of  Wight.  Robert  Frederick  Miller,  coach-builder,  Hammersmith,  Middlesex.  Thomas  Hayward,  pastrycook,  Gloucester.  John  Innell,  grocer,  Weston,  Hereford.  Joseph.  Johnson  the,  younger,  estate  agent  and  lime  bur.  ner,  Liverpool.  Jonathan  Androw,  commission  agent,  York-place,  Man.  Chetter."
