text
"wether  iq  to  Press  E4e  -kortOrn  WEDNESDAY,  JANUARY  16,  1856  IN  :the  Rug  aley  poisoning  cases,  a  verdict  of  wilful  has  been  returned  against  the  accused,  WILLIAM  PALMER;  and,  beyond  this,  we  do  not  feel  justified  in  going  into  the  matter  while  it  is  still  in  the  hands  of  the  administrators  of  the  law.  But,  we  may  with  all  propriety  advert  to  the  ary  defects,  and  almost  unintelligible  extraordi  character,  of  the  machinery  by  which  such  a  verdict  has  been  obtained.  In  the  course  of  the  lengthened  proceedings,  jurymen  are  said  to  have  exhibited  extraordinary  zeal  in  endeavouring  to  procure  evidence  against  the  prisoner  charged  with  the  Crime  they  were  called  upon  to  investigate  ;  the  postmaster,  in  whose  hands  important  communica communications  tions communications  were  placed  in  the  ordinary  course  of  postal  arrangements,  is  now  in  custody  for  violating  his  official  trust,  and  divulging  secrets  in  connection  with  the  prosecution  ;  the  Coroner,  whose  evidence  was  required  on  this  portion  of  this  most  melan melancholy  choly melancholy  and  mysterious  case,  was  obliged  to  be  brought  before  the  Justices  on  :a  warrant  ;  and,  lastly,  the  medical  report  which  was  to  establish  the  guilt  or  innocence  of  the  prisoner,  was  handed  by  Dr.  TAYLOR,  according  to  his  own  admission,  to  the  Reporter  of  the  London  Times,  and  was  published  in  that  journal  several  hours  before  the  Coroner  or  his  Jury  could  have  had  any  legal  knowledge  of  its  contents  !  On  reading  this  brief  narrative,  the  world  will  be  inclined  to  think  that  in  this  nineteenth  century  England  is  only  trying  her  'prentice  at  that  most  invaluable  of  all  institutions--an  enquiry  into  the  charges  brought  against  a  subject,  by  twelve  good  men  and  selected  for  the  purpose,  without  political  bias  or  sectarian  consi consideration.  deration. consideration.  Those  who  do  not  know  our  history  will  scarcely  believe  that  this  glorious  institution  has  been  established  in  this  country  for  centuries,  that  the  citizen  looks  upon  it  as  the  paladium  of  his  civil  rights,  and  that  it  is  held  to  be  the  most  perfect  and  pure  of  all  tribunals,  by  the  ruling  Monarch  down  to  the  lowest  beggar.  The  expe-  rience  of  ages  has  given  it  the  highest  sanctity;  and  it  will  take  something  more  than  the  most  flagrant  ignorance  of  its  duties,  and  abuse  of  the  powers  conferred  on  its  officers,  to  shake  the  national  confidence  in  it  as  a  shield  standing  between  the  Crown  and  the  subject.  We,  however,  view  all  that  has  transpired  in  the  enquiry  at  Rugeley  as  exceptional,  and  such  as  will  occur  once  or  so  in  a  generation,  to  prejudice  the  case  of  the  accused,  or  to  defeat  the  ends  of  justice  by  unaccountable  irregularities,  which  are  tantamount  to  direct  violations  of  all  the  technicalities  of  law.  The  finding  of  the  Jury  in  PALMER'S  case  was  strictly  in  accordance  with  the  evidence  ;  but  what  will  a  jury  in  a  superior  court,  and  a  judge  character  of  the  evidence,  the  means  bv  which  it  was  who  must  take  into  ac  count"
