text
")  invoic  plaintiff  were  then  handed  the  witness.  He  admitted  that  they  were  from  their  firm,  and  that  they  slightly  differed.  A  letter  was  also  handed,  the  signature  to  which  the  wit witness  ness witness  admitted  to  be  his.  The  letter  was  sent  from  the  office  of  Bury,  Curtis,  and  Kennedy  to  the  defendant,  and  went  on  to  say  that  having  learned  that  Mr.  Rigle  y  had  left  the  country,  they  had  no  one  to  look  to  but  Mr.  Johnson,  fi  the  work  done  to  his  (Mr.  Rigley's)  order.  On  r  wever,  Mr.  Kennedy  said  that  on  signing  by  a  clerk  in  t  Tr.  Thomas  K  the  letter  LCh  was  written  eer,  an  superintendent  of  the  works  under  IVfr.  Simpso:  examined.  He  stated  fendant  on  the  slown  ating  with  t  with  NI  contract,  the  latter  said,  alluding  to  the  work  in  the  hand,  of  ltigley,  I  have  now  got  Bury,  Curtis,  and  Kennedy  to  do  it  The  witness  was  cross-examined  at  some  length,  to  show  that  the  work  now  sought  to  be  claimed  for,  was  extra  work,  and  that,  under  any  circumstances,  the  defendant  could  not  be  liable  for  it,  inasmuch  n.  ;4.  --  •  -  -  For  the  defence,  Mr.  Roby  urged  that  taking  all  the  Ir.  Kennedy's  re  Ay  because  Mr.  Itigley  was  out  of  reach.  Mr.  'as  then  sworn  and  examined.  He  stated  that  he  interfered  with  the  execution  of  that  portion  of  the  hich  he  had  given  to  Mr.  Itigley,  and  that  he  had  had  nev  appear.  Mr.  Moss  contract  v  Kennedy,  nor  did  Mr.  Keened  ,  .nd  as  to  what  Mr.  t  - STYLE=superscript  the  conversation  between  them,  witness  more  than  that  it  was  a  falsehood.  When  tated  in  telling  Mr.  On  cross-es-  Johnson  stated  that  Mr.  to  do  with  it  was  m  s'  ;howedthemselves  at  t  tiOn  by  Mr.  Almond,  ad  never  debited  Woman  ttlement  of  any  ac-  ter  Robinson,  the  tenant  of  lined,  and  deposed  to  a  clerk  of  ,nd  Kennedy  I  to  whoni  tf  to  Riele;  Though  there  wa:  Lion  was  not  involved,  as  the  case  was  one  in  which  they  The  jury,  without  leaving  the  reed'tl  be  •  mi  CORONER'S  INQUESTS  1  - STYLE=superscript  streets  in  West:  Dc  The  C  FATAL.  ACCIDENT  AT  TILE  Tk  Doc  An  inquest  r.  Samuel  upon  replying,  by  thanking  th  was  their  intention  to  adopt  Kenyon  d  employed  at  Tuesday  week.  points  at  the  new  Wappi  when  he  got  drunk,  and  vent  over  him.  Ho  was  taken  to  the  vhere  he  died  on  Tuesday,  from  the  iniu  An  inquest  body  Of  Thomas  Wilson,  a  I  thin  there  were  ,tearner,  Whilst  on  board  tli  ambed  between  twc  )ed  from  their  berths,  and  was  much  injured,  from  ti  its  of  which,  he  died  on  Wednesday  in  the  Norther  quickly,  and  tha  .—Verdict  accordinah  FATAL  ACCIDENT  TO  A  CHILD.—An  inquest  was  he;  3  body  of  Elizabeth  Maddox,  a  child  ten  months  old  1-street  Id  on  the  body  I  ran  after  1  se  by,  and  wi  _  as  been  sent  to  hospital,  the  whole  of  the  remaining  passenger  - STYLE=superscript  s  _,,d  y  t  o  were  landed,  and,  by  the  Mayor's  directions,  sent  to  the  length,  to  workhouse,  where  accommodation  had  been  provided  for  such  ..for,  was  extra  an  emergency.  Nine  deaths  have  occurred  among  the  pas pas_flees,  _flees, pas_flees,  the  defendant  sengers  since  their  landing.  The  daily  returns  of  the  district  sit  was  not  in  his  con-  medical  officers,  as  well  as  the  registers  of  deaths,  show  that  town,  in  connexion  with  the  appearance  Of  the  disease  on  board  the  two  emigrant  ships  before  mentioned,  shows  the  propriety  of  :the  steps  already  taken  , STYLE=superscript  by  the  Health  Com•  mittee  and  the  parish  authorities,  for  placing  the  town  in  th(  best  possible  condition  to  meet  the  E  Ademie  whenever  it  may  lid,  although  he  regretted  exceedingly  that  the  parish  authorities  had  not  met  the  wishes  of  the  Health  Com Committee  mittee Committee  with  that  promptitude  which  might  have  been  attended  with  better  results,  still,  in  justice  to  them,  he  should  say  that  they  were  meeting  the  present  emergency  Maley  was  not  in  diffiCulties  at  that  i  with  very  great  attention,  and  that  they  were  now  fully  .  -  prepared  - STYLE=superscript  toprovide  every  necessary  accommodation  and  as assistance.  sistance. assistance.  (Hear,  hear.)—Mr.  GLADSTONE  said  he  had  occa occasion  sion occasion  to  visit  the  Borough  Gaol,  and  they  were  all  aware  that  h  places  cholera  and  diseases  of  that  kind  generally  c  very  outset.  The  nun  bar  at  present  in  the  gaol  was  certainly  comparatively  smaL  but  still  it  was  right  to  say  that  they  had  not  had  a  single  cas  , STYLE=superscript  of  cholera  or  diarrhoea  during  whole  of  the  least  for  a  very  considerable  period  He  thour  the  whole  of  the  y(  .ht  that  wa  Mr.  Moss  :  Filth  a  An  Epßlic  read  from  two  Collectors  .under  the  Committee,  (slim  and  William  Bennett,  which,  after  a  short  It  was  should  be  adopted  by  the  Committee.  An  application  was  read  from  Mr.  M.  C.  Baky,  requesting  permission  to  con construct,  struct, construct,  at  his  own  expense,  a  lamp-post  at  the  junction  of  mmittee  determined  g  that  it  Titer,  but  statir  ieh  a  measure  themselvc  An  order  was  given  for  the  paving  of  Back  Everton-street  ind  several  other  streets.  A  recommendation  was  read,  that  0  new  watering  carts  be  made,  in  addition  to  30  already  Mr.'  GLADSTONE  thought  the  work  should  be  done  iackney  coach  proprietors.  The  uno  oe  don,  a  trot.  He  was  sur  several  hackney  coachmen  who  would  b  ~t)  contract  for  it.—The  INsrEcron  said  it  wa  ,ce  impossible  to  water  the  streets  at  a  trot,  fo  he  water  would  only  come  out  at  a  certain  rate.  It  was  t  have  tl  be  watered  a  second  time  viien  necessary,  that  the  seciim  application  was  made.—Mr.  GLADSTONE  suggested  tha  wrought-iron  wheels  should  be  adopted,  which  would  pre•  vent,  a  great  deal  of  the  decay  caused  at  present  by  thi"
