text
"BANKRUPTCY  COURT.-YESTERDAY  (BRFORE  MR.  COMMISSIONER  STEVENSON.)  IN  RE  W.  SWIFT.—The  bankrupt,  a  carter  of  Liverpool,  applied  this  day  for  his  certificate.  His  Honour  granted  a  certificate  of  the  third  class,  but  ordered  that  it  should  be  suspended  for  twelve  months,  without  protection  for  four  months.  (BEFORE  MR.  COMMISSIONER  PERRY.)  IN  RE  BENJAMIN  TIAINSWORTIL—The  bankrupt,  who  carried  on  the  Myrtle  -street  brewery,  in  this  town,  passed  his  last  examination  yesterday,  without  opposition.  Mr.  Evans  appeared  for  the  bankrupt,  and  Mr.  Frodaham  for  the  assignees.  Ix  RB  LACE  AND  ADDISON.—The  bankrupts,  formerly  proprietors  of  the  Liverpool  Standard,  came  up  this  day  on  their  adjourned  last  examination,  but  the  amended  balance balancesheet  sheet balancesheet  not  having  been  filed,  the  case  was  further  adjourned  to  the  sth  February.  EASTERN  COUNTIES  RAILWAY  AGAIN.—In  the  Court  of  Common  Pleas  on  Saturday,  Mr.  Pearce,  on  behalf  of  a  Mr.  Crickmer,  moved  for  a  rule  calling  upon  the  Eastern  Counties  Railway  Company  to  show  cause  why  an  injunc injunction  tion injunction  should  not  issue  under  the  provisions  of  the  Act  for  the  better  Regwlation  of  Traffic  on  Railways  (17  and  18  Vic.,  c.  31),  to  restrain  them  from  showing  an  undue  pre preference  ference preference  to  the  Norfolk  and  Eastern  Railway  Company  (of  which  Mr.  Gooch  is  the  principal  proprietor),  over  ordinary  persons  in  the  charge  for  the  transport  of  coals.  It  appeared  from  the  report  of  the  Railway  Investigation  Committee  that  the  charge  made  to  Mr.  Gooch  was  7-16ths  of  a  penny  a  mile  per  ton.  The  applicant,  by  his  affidavit,  stated  that  the  charge  made  against  him  was  lid  a  mile  per  ton.  It  was  now  contended  that  such  a  difference  in  the  railway  charges  was  wholly  at  variance  with  the  provisions  and  spirit  of  the  act  referred  to,  which  was  intended  to  secure  equal  charges  in  railway  traffic.  The  court  granted  a  rule  to  show  cause.  THE  LATE  EIRE  AT  THE  PIANO-PORTE  MANUPACTORY.—  Messrs.  Hopkinson  have  supplied  the  following  particu particulars  lars particulars  respecting  the  fire  on  Tuesday  morning,  at  their  factory  The  premises  were  built  by  ourselves  in  1852,  on  leasehold  ground.  The  insurances  effected  are  3,5001.  in  the  County  Fire  Office,  and  2,0001.  in  the  North  of  England.  The  total  loss  is  not  yet  made  out,  but  it  is  far  from  being  covered  by  insurance.  The  number  of  men  employed  on  the  premises  was  110,  about  one-fourth  of  whom  only  liad  insured  their  tools.  The  manufactory  was  heated  by  steam  alone,  from  a  boiler  fixed  in  an  outer  house  building.  a  n  d  Thetim  timber  -y  l  e  a  r  ofd  was  t  he  sheaapspo  happily  y  e  d  s  o  e  o  d  (  .  1  inA  About  h  o  e  u  t  d  2  r  y  oo  _  piano  -fortes,  half  of  them  nearly  finished  were  destroyed,  and  amongst  them  were  two  expensive  patent  grands,  one  sent  in  only  a  few  hours  before  the  fire  broke  out,  to  be  packed.  and  the  other  was  one  which  appeared  at  the  Paris  Exhibition.  The  particular  instrument  for  which  the  medal  was  awarded  was,  fortunately.  , STYLE=superscript  n&amp;t.  iu  the  build building.  ing. building.  No  clue  as  to  th  e  cause  of  the  ;'  O  4  km  y  e  t  b  een  dis discovered.  covered. discovered."
