text
"TURKEY  AND  RUSSIA.  Accounts  received  from  Constantinople  of  the  10th,  by  the  Vienna  Telegraph,  state,  that  the  Sul Sultan  tan Sultan  had  made  a  formal  demand  to  the  Ambassadors  of  England  and  France  to  summon  the  allied  fleets  to  the  Bosphorus.  The  ambassadors  had  accord accordingly  ingly accordingly  done  so.  It  is  said,  in  a  despatch  from  Bucha Bucharest,  rest, Bucharest,  of  the  sth,  that  Prince  Gortscakoff's  inspec inspection  tion inspection  being  terminated,  the  camps  had  been  broken  up,  and  Russian  troops  were  moving  in  masses  on  the  Danube  to  the  number  of  35,000  men,  with  251  Another  telegraphic  despatch  from  Vienna  says  that  the  following  was  the  reply  of  .Prince  Gortschakoff  to  the  summons  of  Omer  Paella  to  evacuate  the  Danubian  Principalities  My  mas master  ter master  is  not  at  war  with  Turkey,  but  I  have  orders  not  to  leave  the  Principalities  until  the  Porte  shall  have  given  to  the  Emperor  the  moral  satisfaction  which  he  demands.  When  this  point  has  been  ob obtained,  tained, obtained,  I  will  evacuate  the  Principalities  imme immediately,  diately, immediately,  whatever  the  time  or  the  season.  If  lam  attacked  by  the  Turkish  army,  I  will  confine  my myself  self myself  to  the  _  _  A  letter  from  Constantinople  of  the  sth  instant,  The  Synod  of  the  Fanar  is  about  to  be  summoned  to  elect  a  new  Greek  Patriarch,  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  the  death  of  Monseignor  Germanos,  which  event  created  considerable  excitement  in  Constantinople  in  consequence  of  reports  having  been  circulated  that  he  died  by  poison.  Monsiegnor  Germanos  had  protested  against  the  new  ecclesi ecclesiastical  astical ecclesiastical  discipline  commanded  by  Russia,  and  it  is  said  that  he  had  for  that  reason  incurred  the  displeasure  of  Prince  Menschikoff.  There  is  con considerable  siderable considerable  intrigue  going  forward  to  influence  the  election.  Some  of  the  candidates  are  partisans  of  Turkey,  and  the  others  of  says—'  -  The  Paris  Correspondent  of  the  Morning  Chronicle,  writing  on  Wednesday  evening,  says.:—  has  been  currently  rumoured  to-day  that  a  manifesto  of  the  most  warlike  character,  issued  by  the  Emperor  of  Russia,  in  answer  to  the  declara declaration  tion declaration  of  war  by  the  Porte,  had  been  received  here  this  morning.  I  have  made  inquiry  in  the  proper  quarter  as  to  the  truth  of  the  report,  but  I  cannot  find  that  it  rests  upon  any  good  foundation.  In Indeed,  deed, Indeed,  it  is  physically  impossible  that  the  news  could  have  travelled  to  St.  Petersburg  and  back  to  Paris  by  to-day.  It  may  be  -as  well  to  warn  the  public  against  the  war-like  rumours  so  often  in invented  vented invented  by  interested  parties  on  mere  The  same  correspondent  makes  the  following  statement  On  Sunday  last,  the  16th  inst.,  the  Emperor  gave  an  audience  at  the  Palace  of  Corn Cornpiecr°ne  piecr°ne Cornpiecr°ne  to  the  Chamber  of  Commerce  of  St.  Quentin.  In  the  course  of  the  interview,  Louis  Napoleon  made  some  particular  inquiries  as  to  the  state  of  trade  at  the  present  moment  at  St.  Quentin  ;  to  which  M.  Picard  replied,  that  the  trade  of  the  place  was,  upon  the  whole,  in  a  satisfactory  state  as  compared  with  the  last  few  years,  but  that  business  would  have  been  much  more  active  this  season  but  for  the  state  of  political  affairs.  The  incessant  alarm  in  which  the  public  had  for  some  time  past  been  kept,  by  the  threatening  aspect  of  the  East Eastern  ern Eastern  question,  had  necessarily  had  an  unfavourable  influence  on  commercial  affairs.  The  Emperor  replied,  This  is  perfectly  true,  but  I  have  every  reason  to  believe  that  the  Eastern  question  will  be  settled  pacifically,  and  that  within  a  very  short  These  words  made  a  deep  impression  on  the  members  of  the  deputation,  and  no  doubt,  in  the  present  state  of  the  question,  they  are  of  importance.  Although  the  circumstance  is  not  noticed  in  any  of  the  Paris  papers,  I  can  guarantee  its  authenticity."
