text
"APPALLING  SHIP  WRECK.  Our  readers  will  peruse  the  following  narrative;  which  is  taken  from  Saunders'  N  ews  L  e  tt  er  o  f  to today,  day, today,  with  horror  and  disgust.  Horror  at  the  posi position  tion position  of  the  unhappy  crew  of  the  sinking  ship,  and  disgust  at  the  ignorance  and  incompetence  —want  of  courage,  if  not  indignation,  at  the  inhumanity  of  those  seamen  who  would  not  make  an  exertion  to  save  the  lives  of  so  many  fellow-creatures,  and  fellow-tars.  So  far  as  we  know,  this  instance  is  un unprecedented.  precedented. unprecedented.  Saunders'  newspaper  says  :  We  give  the  following  from  an  eye-witness  :  Athalf-past  nine  o'clock,  a.m.,  this  morning,  from  on  board  the  Dublin  steam-packet  company's  boat,  the  Prince,  at  about  twenty-five  miles  east  of  Kingston  harbour,  we  saw  a  ship  presenting  a  strange  appearance.  Her  topmasts  were  gone,  and  all  her  yards,  except  the  fore  top-gallant  yard,  which  hung  loose,  with  a  fragment  of  canvas  attached.  The  unfortunate  ship  was  then  about  two  miles  south  of  our  steam-boat.  The  captain  (Dead)  with  his  telescope  discovered  that  she  had  hoisted  her  flag  of  distress,  and  immediately  put  about  to  her  relief.  The  sea  ran  very  high,  the  weather  was  bad,  and  we  saw  the  ship  slowly  sinking  in  the  waves  as  we  approached  towards  her.  First  her  stern  settled  down,  her  prow  high  out  of  the  water,  not  a  soul  could  we  see  in  her  masts  or  on  board  ;  silently  and  slowly  she  disappeared,  with without  out without  scream  or  cry  of  distress  to  announce  that  human  beings  were  consigned  to  a  watery  grave.  Captain  Dearl  said  the  ship  must  have  been  abandoned,  or  that  her  crew  had  surely  taken  to  their  boats.  Still  we  bore  down  to  where  this  three-mast  ship  floated  a  few  minutes  before.  On  arriving  at  the  spot  the  most  agonizing,  heartrending  scene  presented  itself.  About  twenty  individuals  were  floating  on  the  ice icecold  cold icecold  water,  clinging  to  spars  and  pieces  of  wood.  They  were  drenched  or  submerged  by  every  wave,  as  the  sea  ran  high.  Captain  Dead  ordered  the  engines  to  be  stopped  and  the  boats  to  be  lowered.  It  was  fully  half  an  hour  before  this  could  be  done,  and  when  the  first  boat  was  launched,  one  of  the  two  men  in  her  got  afraid  and  jumped  back  on  board  the  steamboat,  letting  tha  boat  go  adrift  with  only  one  man  in  her,  helpless,  and  at  the  mercy  of  the  waves.  In  the  meantime  a  fishing  smack  came  up,  lowered  her  small  boat,  which  swam  like  a  duck  in  perfect  safety,  the  men  on  aboard  calling  out  to  us,  D—n  you,  why  don't  you  low  er  y  our  boats  We  then  lowered  another  boat  ;  one  of  the  davits  broke,  and  she  half-filled  with  water,  so  no  one  would  ven venture  ture venture  ;board  of  her.  The  writer  saw  one  man  attempting  to  lower  another  boat  without  any  one  to  assist.  Captain  Dearl  was  running  everwhere,  with  tears  in  his  eyes,  giving  many  orders;  lint  nothing  was  done.  What  a  fearf  u  l  s  cene  then  present  ed  itself  !  About  twenty  human  beings  perish perishing  ing perishing  with  cold,  being  slowly-drowued  by  frequent  submersion,  in  vain  stretching  forth  their  arms  in  supplication  for  aid,  and  a  steamboat  in  the  midst—within  talking  distance—yet  could  not,  or  did  not,  save  a  single  soul.  We  saw  the  wretched  men  perish  slowly  before  our  eyes—one  by  one  washed  from  their  last  plank  of  safety,  and  in  the  deep  bosom  of  the  ocean  buried.  Our  steam-boat,  that  could  go  back  orforward  at  will,  and  turn  like  a  fish,  could  do  nothing;  all  was  confusion  ;  nothing  seemed  to  be  in  order  to  meet  any  emergency,  and  if  right  orders  were  given  they  - STYLE=superscript  were  not  obeyed.  Not  so  the  fishing  smack;  she  lowered  her  small  tiny  boat,  and  saved  six  of  the  sufferers.  A  more  heroic  action  never  was  recorded.  Two  dauntless  and  brave  men  with  immense  difficulty  and  infinite  risk,  were  seen  hanging  over  the  side  of  their  small  boat,  hauling  the  drowning  men  out  of  the  water,  every  wave  threatening  them  with  instant  death.  They  seized  their  man,  and  never  let  him  go  till  they  hauled  him  out  of  the  water  and  placed  him  safe  in  their  frail  skiff,  and  one  by  one,  slowly,  and  with  desperate  perseverance,  they  saved  the  lives  of  six  human  beings.  In  a  little  time  more  and  all  the  sufferers  disappeared.  One  wretched  being  was  washed  of  his  spar—regained  it  again,  and  waved  his  arm  as  a  fresh  signal  for  aid,  which,  alas,  could  not  be  given;  he  soon  disappeared  to  rise  no  more.  This  heartrending  scene  lasted  above  an  hour,  when  Captain  Dead  put  about  and  made  for  Kingstown,  towing  ono  of  our  boats,  which  had  been  launched,  but  into  which  none  of  our  men  would  venture.  With  watery  eyes  and  sad  hearts  we  read,  hung  iTon  the  cabin  stairs,  the  government  inspector's  lying  certificate  of  the  fitness  of  our  life-boats,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.,  when  if  any  accident  had  happened  our  ship  within  a  hundred  yards  of  land,  not  a  soul  of  us  could  have  been  saved.  I  proposed  to  one  of  the  mates  or  sailors  to  lasso  the  drowning  men—that  is  to  throw  them  a  rope's-end  with  a  running  knot,  by  which  they  could  have  been  hauled  on  board,  but  no  effectual  effort  was  made.  The  first  mate  said  that  each  boat  on  board  was  in  charge  of  its  allotted  men,  that  the  wrong  men  were  ordered  to  the  boats,  hence  the  confusion  and  delay  •  but  it  is  evident  that  great  blame  is  to  be  attached  somewhere,  as  mistakes  always  proceed  from  incompetency  and  unfitness.  For  the  correct correctness  ness correctness  of  the  foregoing  statement,  in  addition  to  my  own  tes testimony  timony testimony  as  a  witness,  I  am  authorised  to  give  the  names  of  William  Parsons,  Esq.,  Clontarf-crescent,  and  George  Bran Brandon,  don, Brandon,  Esq.,  126,  Great  Brunswick-street,  who  witnessed  the  whole  sad  scene.  28th  Dec.,  1863.  DAVID  LESLIE.  The  following  is  the  account  of  the  foundering  of  the  vessel,  as  related  by  Captain  Dearl.  We  quote  from  a  Dublin  paper  :  At  nine  o'clock,  A.M.,  Wednesday  morning,  we  sighted  a  large  vessel,  apparently  in  distress,  having  her  ensign  fly flying,  ing, flying,  the  Bailey  light-house  bore  west  by  north,  distance  about  20  miles.  On  seeing  the  ship  I  gave  orders  to  bear  down  to  her,  and  we  steered  in  her  direction,  steaming  at  full  speed.  We  thus  proceeded,  for  about  five  minutes,  when  we  saw  the  ship  founder  before  our  eyes.  In  ten  minutes  more  we  reached  the  spot  where  the  vessel  had  gone  down.  Our  boats  had  been  all  got  ready  for  lowering.  The  first  boat  for  lower lowering  ing lowering  was  the  waist  boat  on  the  larboard  aide  ;  she  is  a  life  boat  ;  but,  unfortunately,  owing  to  the  high  sea  running,  our  life  boat  struck  the  sponsor  in  lowering  her,  and  the  plank  ends  started  from  her  sternpost,  when  she  filled,  but  still  floated  Two  men  out  of  the  three  that  were  in  her  got  on  board  again  by  the  tackling—the  third  went  adrift.  The  starboard  quarter  boat  was  then  attempted  to  be.lowered,  bat,  from  the  heavy  sea,  she  broke  up  in  pieces  alongside.  A  fishing  trawler  (A  No.  2)  had  borne  down  to  the  spot  where  some  of  the  survivors  were  clinging  to  the  floating  spars  of  the  ill-fated  vessel,  and  the  crew  of  this  smack  con contrived  trived contrived  to  pick  up  some  six  men.  With  deep  regret  that  our  efforts  were  unsuccessful,  we  lay  to  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  floating  spars  lest  any  survivor  might  still  remain,  and,  at  length,  after  a  strict  search,  we  made  for  Kingstown  har harbour,  bour, harbour,  which  we  reached  at  half-past  two  o'  c  l  o  ck,  P  .  M  Captain  Dearl  states  that  from  the  great  length  of  the  sink sinking  ing sinking  vessel,  and  the  distance  of  her  masts  from  each  other,  he  was  led  to  consider  her  a  large  screw  steamer,  but  ho  could  see  no  chimney.  She  had  sunk  before  he  could  get  sufficiently  near  to  examine  her.  The  prevailin  g  s  u  pp  os  i•  tion  was,  that  the  foundered  vessel  was  a  screw  steamer  of  large  tonnage,  bound  foreign,  from  one  of  the  Scotch  ports  —that  she  was  struck  by  a  heavy  sea,  and  filled  imme immediately.  diately. immediately.  The  men  saved  from  the  wreck  by  the  fishing  smack  have  been  conveyed  on  shore  ;  three  out  of  the  six  are  said  to  have  died  since  from  the  effects  of  cold  and  ex exhaustion.  haustion. exhaustion.  CRIME  IN  SCOTLAND.—We  have  been  apprised  of  a  fac  t  which  would  almost  seem  to  warrant  the  presumption  of  an  improvement  in  the  mo  r  ality  o  f  th  e  people,  viz.,  that  there  are  no  cases  for  trial  in  the  High  Court  of  Justiciary  during  the  winter  recess.  This  is  a  circumstance  which  has  not  occurred  during  any  year  since  the  commencement  of  this  century.—Edinburgh  Advertiser.  TRAVELLERS  . STYLE=superscript  SCHOOLS  SOCIETY.  --Among  the  contribu contributions  tions contributions  handed  in  at  the  annual  celebration  of  this  society  on  Tuesday  night,  were  the  following  :—National  Mercantile  Institution,  100  guineas  ;  —Nicholson,  Esq.,  50  guineas  ;  W.  Skelton,  30  guineas  ;  Keens  and  Evelyn,  25  guineas  ;  George  Fox,  25  guineas  ;  collected  by  Mrs.  J.  R.  Coley,  1144  ;  Mr.  Robert  Bree,  £215  ;  Mr.  George  Malden,  £7B;  Mr.  Martins,  50  guineas;  Mr.  M'Culloch,  50  guineas;  Mr.  Higgins,  50  guineas  ;  Mr.  C.  Woolloton,  40  guineas  ;  &amp;c.  The  total  amount  of  subscriptions  announced,  was  about  £2,000.  The  attendance  was  not  so  numerous  as  we  have  witnessed  on  former  occasions.  FOREIGN  GOODS  UNDER  BOND.—AII  important  conces concession  sion concession  has  been  nude  by  the  commissioners  of  customs,  which  will  be  a  material  convenience  to  the  holders  and  removers  of  foreign  goods  under  bond  to  a  considerable  extent,  by  the  issue  of  an  order  dispensing  with  a  separate  bond  on  the  occasion  of  every  individual  removal  of  foreign  goods  of  any  kind  in  bond  from  one  port  of  the  kingdom  to  another,  and  allowing  a  general  bond  t  o  b  e  en  t  ere  d  into  for  the  pur purpose,  pose, purpose,  which  is  to  cover  all  subse  q  uent  t  ransac  ti  ons  of  this  nature,  under  certain  regulations  specially  arranged  and  ap approved  proved approved  for  the  purpose.  FUNERAL  OP  TAE  LATE  MARCIIIONESS  WELLESLEY.--  The  funeral  of  the  late  Marchioness  Wellesley  was  by  her  own  desire  strictly  , STYLE=superscript  private.  Her  remains  were  conveyed  from  the  palace,  Hampton  Court,  to  Cossey  Hall,  the  scat  of  Lord  Stafford.  The  funeral  obsequies  began  at  half-past  eight  on  Saturday  morning.  The  service  consisted  of  the  office  for  the  dead,  the  mass  of  requiem  with  solemn  music,  and  the  final  absolution  or  burial  service,  was  performed  by  the  Very  Rev.  Dr.  Hussenboth,  many  years  chaplain  to  the  noble  family  at  Cossey  Hall.  The  funeral  was  attended  by  , STYLE=superscript  Lord  Stafford,  Messrs  Alexander  M'Tavish,  Alfred  Mont Montgomery.  gomery. Montgomery.  There  were  also  present  her  Grace  gie„Duchess  of  Leeds,  and  the  Dowager  Lady  Stafford,  sisters  of  the  de departed  parted departed  marchioness.  The  deceased  was  most  benevolent  and  kind,  and  her  loss  will  be  deeply  lamented.  Russu.  AS  A  NAVAL  Powsa.—The  New  York  Tribune  has  an  article  in  a  recent  number,  detailing  sonic  efforts  of  Russia  to  establish  herself  in  the  Pacific  as  a  naval  power— powerhow  how powerhow  she  sought  to  trade  with  China  on  that  side,  and  was  refused—how  she  threatened  China  in  consequence,  sent  a  fleet  to  intimidate  her,  and  the  issue  of  that  movement.  The  latter  is  thus  set  down  :—Those  orders  (viz.,  of  the  Czar  to  his  commanders  in  the  Pacific)  have  been  issued,  and  are  apparently  of  a  menacing  nature,  since  considerable  reinforcements  have  been  forwarded  from  the  Baltic  to  the  expedition.  However,  ill-luck  has  pursued  them  all.  The  first  vessel  sent  reached  the  East  Indies,  but  lies  disabled  somewhere  in  the  Archipelago,  beyond  the  possibility  of  reaching  her  destination.  A  courier  who  came  by  the  Suez  route  brought  this  calamitous  information  to  St.  Petersburg.  A  second  large  vessel  was  next  shipwrecked  on  the  coast  of  England.  A  third  reinforcement  succeeded  in  getting  as  far  as  Norway,  and  there  had  to  stop;  it  consisted  of  frigate  of  sixty  guns,  which  ran  aground,  while  a  transport  vessel  ac accompanying  companying accompanying  her  was  totally  lost—happily,  the  mainmast  fell  on  a  rock,  and  the  crew  saved  themselves  by  this  accidental  bridge,  THY  CATHEDRAL  COMMISSION  AND  THE  PARISH  CHURCH  OF  MANCHESTER.  From  a  pamphlet  just  published  we  learn  that  a  ser;es  of  questions  has  been  submitted  by  the  cathedral  coin  missioners,  dated  Nov.  10,  1853,  to  the  dean  and  canons  of  Manchester.  These  questions  related  to  the  history  and  constitution  of  the  collegiate  establishment.  The  cathedral  authorities  replied  on  April  8,  1853.  Messrs.  R.  Birley,  John  Morley,  and  Thomas  Clegg,  by  whim,  as  churchwardens  in  1850,  the  parish  of  Manchester  division  act  was  obtained,  have  present  e  d  a  me  m  or  i  a  l  t  o  the'  cathe cathedral  dral cathedral  commissioners,  dated  Dec.  20,  and  in  a  letter  to  the  bishop  of  Manchester  they  state  that— 'that'  Answers  are  not  given  by  the  dean  and  canons  to  all  the  questions  of  the  commissioners  ;  and  in  many  cases  the  answers  are  evidently  so  erroneous  that,  without  correction,  there  can  be  no  doubt  the  commissioners  will  be  seriously  deceived  as  to  the  constitution  of  the  college,  and  the  duties  and  responsibilities  of  the  collegiate  body.  In  quoting  from  one  portion  of  the  charter,  the  dean  and  canons  have  substituted  the  word  absentee  for  violationis.  We  have  been  induced  to  present  this  memo memorial  rial memorial  because,  as  your  lordship  is  well  aware,  wo  were  the  churchwardens  who  obtained  the  parish  of  Manchester  division  act,  of  1850,  which  act  we  were  enabled  to  obtain  by  proving  before  committees  of  both  houses  of  parlia parliament,  ment, parliament,  that  the  Manchester  Collegiate  Church  is  a  strictly  parochial  foundation.  We  are,  therefore,  naturally  anxious  that  the  cathedral  commissioners  should  be  correctly  in informed  formed informed  on  the  subject,  in  order  that,  in  any  legislative  mea measures  sures measures  to  which  the  proceedings  of  the  commissioners  may  give  rise,  care  may  be  taken,  not  only  that  the  obj  ec  t  s  o  f  the  parish  of  Manchester  division  act  be  not  disturbed,  but  that  the  same  be,  wherever  it  is  found  practicable,  fur furthered  thered furthered  and  To  this  the  bishop  returned  the  following  reply  Sedgely,  Manchester,  Dec.  21,  1853.  Gentlemen,—l  have  the  honor  to  acknowledge,  with  thanks,  the  receipt  of  a  copy  of  a  memorial  presented  by  you  to  the  members  of  the  cathedral  commission.  It  was  impossible,  on  a  perusal  of  the  answers  addressed  in  the  name  of  the  chapter  of  Manchester  to  the  questions  of  her  Majesty's  commissioners,  not  to  be  struck  with  the  nume numerous  rous numerous  and  repeated  mis-statements,  mis-quotations,  and  per perversion  version perversion  of  some  facts,  as  well  as  suppression  of  others,  on  the  part  of  the  framer  of  the  replies.  That  you  have  applied  yourselves  to  the  correction  of  these  mis-slatements  is  due  to  your  own  characters,  as  promoters  of  the  parish  divi division  sion division  act,  as  well  as  serviceable  to  the  cause  of  truth,  in  pre preventing  venting preventing  her  Majesty's  commissioners  being  misinformed  or  misled,  as  well  as  in  strict  unison  with  the  earnest  desire  for  improvement  in  the  spiritual  provision  for  Manchester,  evinced  consistently  by  you  throughout.—l  have  the  honour  to  be,  gentlemen,  your  faithful  servant,  P.  MANCHESTBIL.  Richard  Birley,  John  Morley,  Thomas  Clegg,  BRITISH  ROMAN  CATHOLICS-FREIBURG.  Soule  days  since  we  inserted  a  letter  of  Dr.  Cumming's,  to  the  lime.,  commenting  upon  an  address  signed  and  pre presented  sented presented  by  a  number  of  English  Roman  Catholics  of  high  position,  to  the  Archbishop  of  Freiburg.  The  following  is  the  address,  with  the  signatures  :  ADDRESS  OF  THE  CATHOLICS  OF  GREAT  BRITAIN  TO  ,THE  ARCIIBISHOP  OF  FREIBURG.  We,  the  undersigned  Catholics  of  Great  Britain,  desire  to  tender  to  your  grace  the  tribute  of  our  sincere  and  earnest  sympathy  in  the  afflictions  by  which  the  church  in  your,  grace's  province  is  at  present  visited.  We  have  witnessed  with  the  warmest  admiration  the  calm  courage  with  which,  at  a  period  of  life  when  your  grace  might  naturally  have  hoped  to  reap  in  peace  the  fruit  of  your  long  labours  in  the  service  of  religion,  you  have  maintained  against  the  usurpation  of  the  civil  power,  the  liberty,  inde independence,  pendence, independence,  and  imprescriptible  rights  of  the  church,  the  main maintenance  tenance maintenance  of  which  in  their  integrity  is  alike  essential  to  the  stability  of  the  temporal  and  spiritual  order.  We  heartily  coner  itulate  your  grace  on  the  spirit  which  your  clergy  has  exhibited  of  unhesitating  obedience  in  a  dif difficult  ficult difficult  crisis,  and  on  the  self-sacrificing  generosity  with  which  the  faithful  throughout  your  grace's  province  and  elsewhere  have  testified  their  anxiety  to  meet  the  exigencies  of  the  oc occasion.  casion. occasion.  Be  assured,  my  lord,  that  we  shall  deem  it  a  high  , STYLE=superscript  privilege  to  bear  a  share  in  the  burthen  which  the  violent  persecution  and  unjust  exactions  of  thg„.  state  have  imposed  on  your  grace  and  your  grace's  elergy,Tnd,  through  you,  on  all  the  members  of  the  Catholic  church.  It  would  be  strange  if  we,  the  Catholics  of  Great  Britain,  did  not  take  a  special  interest  in  the  circumstances  of  your  grace's  trials,  upon  the  recollection  of  the  many  conflicts  of  a  like  nature  which  we  have  had  to  sustain  in  times  past,  and  from  the  encouragement  which  we  received  from  your  grace's  noble  example,  and  that  of  the  clergy  and  faithful  in  your  province  against  any  future  struggle.  That  it  may  please  our  dear  Lord  to  appease  the  storm  which  now  rages  against  the  church,  and  the  issue  of  the  contest  may  be  for  the  glory  of  God,  for  the  well  being  of  religion,  and  your  grace's  peace,  is  the  prayer  of  your  grac  e's STYLE=superscript  very  devoted  and  humble  servants  in  Christ  :—Earl  of  Arun Arundel  del Arundel  and  Surrey,  Earl  of  Traquair,  Viscount  Fielding,  Lord  Charles  Thynne,  Lord  Stourton,  Lord  Petre,  Lord  Armidell  of  Wardour,  Lord  Dormer,  Lord  Lovat,  Hon.  Alfred  Stour Stourton,  ton, Stourton,  Hon.  John  Arundell,  Hon.  Charles  H.  Clifford,  Hon.  Thomas  Edward  Stoner,  Hon.  Simon  Fraser  (the  Master  of  Lovat),  Hon.  Charles  Langdale,  Hon.  Henry  W.  Clifford,  Sir  J.  F.  Doaghty  Tichborne,  Bart.,  Sir  R.  Throckmorton,  Bart.,  Sir  Edward  Blount,  Bart.,  Sir  Thomas  Gage,  Bart.,  Sir  William  Lawson,  Bart.,  Sir  C.  R.  Tempest,  Bart.,  The  Count  de  Torre  Diaz,  The  Chevalier  Don  Pedro  de,Zulueta,  George  Bowyer,  Esq.,  D.C.L.  ;  Aubrey  de  Vere,  Esq.,  W.  Vavasour,  Esq.,  Thomas  Barnewall,  Esq.,  Robert  Berkeley,  Esq.,  Robert  Berkeley,  jun.,  Esq.,  George  Clifford,  Esq.,  Kenelm  H.  Digby,  Esq.,  Richard  Doyle,  Esq.,  Ferdinand  Eyston,  Esq.,  Charles  John  Eyston,  Esq.,  A.  .  Fullerton,  Esq.,  John  H.  W.  Hibbert,  Esq..  Philip  H.  Howard,  Esq..  William  J.  Leacher,  Esq.,  William  N.  Marshall,  Esq.,  W.  Constable:  Maxwell,  Esq.,  Peter  Middleton,  Esq.,  C.  (2,,Pag (2,,Paglioni,  lioni, (2,,Paglioni,  Esq.,  It.  Biddulph  Phillipps,  Esq.,  Ambrose  L.  Phil.  lipps,  Esq.,  R.  R.  Wegg  Prosser,  Esq.,  Thomas  Riddell,  Esq.,  Everard  Stourton,  Esq.,  Willi.=  Turnbull,  8.D.D.,  W.  G.  Ward,  Esq.,  Joseph  Weld,  Esq.,  C.  Weld.,  Esq.,  Vis Viscount  count Viscount  Camden.  Copies  of  the  above  address  lie  for  signatures  at  the  prin principal  cipal principal  Catholic  booksellers  in  London  daring  the  week.  PO  LICE  CO  UR  T.--YRSTERDAT.  Michael  Devine,  a  publican  living  in  Scotland-road,  was  charged  with  assaulting  John  Hodgson,  by  cutting  off  his  hair  and  whiskers.  It  appeared  that  the  complainant  was  in  the  habit  of  indulging  himself  rather  freely  in  spirituous  liquor  at  the  defendant's  house,  and  on  one  occasion,  for  a•  glass  of  grog,  assented  to  having  his  whiskers  cut  off!  The  whiskers  were  accordingly  taken  off  by  the  defendant,  but  on  the  complainant  becoming  sober,  he  felt  aggrieved  that  his  personal  appearance  should  have  been  thus  destroyed,  and  sued  the  defendant  for  an  assault.  The  magistrates'  dismissed  the  ease.  John  Kelly  was  fined  ss.  and  costs  for  destroying  a  stench  trap,  he  alleging  that  he  was  intoxicated  at  the  time.  PASSING  BASE  COIN.  —John  Duffy,  and  Mary  Langhan,  were  charged  with  uttering  some  base  coin,  at  the  shop  of  Mrs.  M'Kenzie,  Lee-street.  The  two  prisoners  went  into  the  shop  and  tendered  a  base  shilling  on  the  night  of  Fri._  day  last,  having  been  successful  on  that  occasion,  they  made  a  second  attempt  on  Wednesday  evening,  when  they  were  given  into  custody.  The  fact  of  the  uttering.  being beingamply  amply beingamply  sufficient,  the  prisoners  were  committed  for  trial.  ROBBING  A  SAILOR.—CIara  Robinson,  was  committed  to'  prison  for  14  days  for  illegally  pawning  the  jacket  of  a  sailor.  who  had  accompanied  her  to  a  brothel,  and  the  pawnbroker  was  ordered  to  restore  the  property,  as  it  was  clearly  proved  that  he  had  not  made  sufficient  inquiries  as  to  the  owner  of  the  property  at  the  time  he  lent  the  money_  upon  it.  ROBBING  A  MISTRESS.--lane  Tones  was  committed  for  trial  on  a  charge  of  stealing  a  quantity  of  wearing  ap--  parel  from  her  mistress  Mrs.  Sutton,  of  Queen's-square.  The  prisoner  had  been  a  servant  for  about  eleven  weeks,'  when  she  said  she  was  ill,  and  left.  After  she  had  taken  her  departure,  a  great  quantity  of  wearing  apparel  was  missed,  which  it  was  discovered  had  been  taken  by  the  prisoner,  and  .  pledged  at  various  pawnbrokers.  The  prisoner  had  no  excuse  to  make  for  her  misconduct.  SEAMAN'S  CLAIM  FOR  WAGlS.—Thomas  Jones  summoned  Edward  John  Walsh,  master  of  the  Dagger,  for  £l2  2s.  4d.  balance  of  wages  due  to  him.  Mr.  Anderson,  who  appeared  for  the  compla;nant,  said  ,  that  he  had  shipped  at  Demerara,  and  that  the  reason  the,'  defendant  alleged  for  not  paying  him  was  dis-'  obedience  of  orders  and  inefficiency.  It  would  'be  proved,  however,  that  at  the  time  he  entered  into  the  agreement  with  the  defendant  he  told  him  that  he  was  no  navigator,  but  that  he  understood  the  management  of  a  v  e  ssel  and  knew  how  to  take  the  sun.  The  vessel  arrived  safely,  and  it  would  be  proved  that  that  circumstance  was  due  to  the  exertions  of  the  complainant  who  had  nearly  the  sole  con control  trol control  of  the  vessel  during  her  voyage,  the  captain  being  in incapacitated.  capacitated. incapacitated.  for  duty.  Mr.  Owen  appeared  for  the  defendant.  He  said  that  there  was  no  log,  but  that  the  denial  of  the  claim  was  based  in  the  first  instance  on  repeated  acts  of  drunkenness  ou  the  part  of  the  complainant.  Mr.  Mansfield  observed  that  they  should  go  further,  and  shew  that  in  consequence  of  that  drunkenness  be  was  incap incapable  able incapable  of  doing  his  duty.  He  seemed,  however,  to  have  had  the  sole  control  of  the  ship  during  the  voyage  ;  but  the  serious  objection  on  which  the  defendant  should  rely  was  the  fact  of  the  wages  being  claimed  by  another  party,  in  consequence  of  desertion  by  the  complainant.  And  until  that  claim  was  disposed  of  the  case  could  not  be  adjudicated  on.  Mr.  Owen  said  that  they  had  letters  in  their  possession  which  showed  that  the  complainant  had  deserted  from  the  James  Gibson,  and  that  his  wages  were  claimed  by_  the  cap captain  tain captain  of  that  vessel.  The  cold  was  very  severe  in  Parir  on  Tuesday,  At  sit,  o'clock  in  the  morning  the  thermometer  marked  12  deg.  1-10th  below  zero  of  centigrade,  and  the  Seine  was  full  of  enormous  blocks  of  ice.  ACCIDENT  THROUGH  Duexinorzss.—About  12  o'clock  on  Tuesday,  a  gingleman,  named  James  Kearney,  was  driving  through  Great  George's-street,  quite  drunk,  when  he  came  in  contact  with  Mr—Leally's  carriage  of  Shanakiel,  and  the  shaft  of  his  car  entered  the  breast  of  one  of  Mr.  Leahy's  horses,  valued  about  40  guineas.  The  horse  bled  profusely,  a  d  wse  Jlotysilicted  to  recoyor.—Cerk  THE  s'ximr  - STYLE=superscript  u  - STYLE=superscript  a  OF  PAIN-AMA.  .  .  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  - STYLE=superscript  DAILY  TIMES.  •  SlR,—T4opgh  notii  - STYLE=superscript  f4i  - STYLE=superscript  of  our  merchants  have  crossed.  by  this  route  to:-  the  Pacific,  such  is  the  general  ignorance,  and.  popularly  received  notions  .  regarding  it,  that;  knowing  your  desire  to  spread  commercial  intelligence  through:  the  medium  of  your  wide-spread  circulation,  'I  feel  confidentin-ask  , STYLE=superscript  ing  a  place  for  an  article  or  two  on  a-Matter  of  such  importance  to  our  community  ;  .  for,  on  taking  but  a  cursory  view  of  the  'map  of  the  north,  it  must  be  patent  to  all,  that  the  value  of  .  the  Isthmus  - STYLE=superscript  coin-  .  munication  cannot  be  overrated  .  by  a  .commercial  and  now  emigrating  nation  like  Britain;  for  already  there  is'a  link  of  steamers  from  Panama  north  to  Oregon,  and  south  to  Conception,  and,  are,  many,  months,  it  will  stretch  to  our  own  Australian  In  fact,.  the  Pacific  trade  is  but  in  its  infancy  ;  and  when,  we  .  reflect  on  the  „ponderous  and  successful  enterprise  and  rapid  growth  of  American  interests  on  that  coast,  it  cannot  but  be,  matter  of  painful  yegret,,.that,  i.ll,Steita..of  wasting  hundreds  of  valuable  lives  and  hundreds  of  public  money,  endeavouring  to  proye  . STYLE=superscript  to  science,  that  there  is  an  ocean  way  through.the  eternal-  winter  of  the  .nerth-weat  passage,  our  own  government;  fostering  - STYLE=superscript  die  'commerce  that  - STYLE=superscript  has  Made  Britaingreat,,did  not  pioneer,  the  way  from  the  A.tlantie  to  The  -Pacific,'  when-they  had  the  well-matured  plans  of  ,a  patter-,  son,  and  the  interest  of  a  Bolivar,  so  long  and  often.  - STYLE=superscript  before  them.  ~.The„  thing  is  essentially  American,  and  a  noble  and  profitable  undertaking  it  is  ;  and  now  that  Mr.  Gishorne,Dr.  Cullen,  and  their  staff,,  have  started  to  re-survey  the  Darien.  Canal,  a  little  to  the  south,  and  the  crews  of  the  United,  States  and  French  frigate's  in  PanaMa  Bay  had  orders  to  co-operate  with.  them,  there  is  at  length  every  .promise  of  this,  the  mightiest  scheme  of  modern  times,  being  carried  out.  Ere  many  years  .  this,  must  be  the  highway  of  the  entire  Pacific  traffic,  as  well  as  to  China,  &amp;e.  •  Last  '  year,,l  embarked  onboard  the'  Illinois,  one  ef  - STYLE=superscript  thailarge  and.fine  fleet  of  steamers  keeping.  up  a  continuous  •strea  l  t  otenliktation_  between'  New  York„andlCalifornia,;,  and:after  nine  days'  passage,  two  of  which  were  spent  coaling,  &amp;c.,  at  Kingston,  Jamaica;  . STYLE=superscript  .-we  hove  in-  sight  of  the  mountains  •of  Porto-Bello  at  daybreak  . STYLE=superscript  ;  and  after  running  along  in  sight  'of  the  high  land  for  three  or  four  leagues;  we'got  the  first  glinipadof  the  .then  eihbryo  town  of  Aspinwall  and  in  an  hour  more  we  mewed  .along .alongside  side .alongside  the  '  'Wharf  in  Navy  Bay-  7  a,  Splendid  natural  harbour,  with  an  entrance  of  about  tvfliniles  wide,  and.  running  inland  five  miles  jn.  a  southerly'  direc direction.  tion. direction.  There  is  .  excellent  shelter,  being  shut  in.  'froth  the  north  and  west  -by-  high  land,  and  abun abundant  dant abundant  depth  -of  'water  everywhere:  for  large  ships  ;  asnithere  is  only  a  rise  and  fall  of  about  two  feet  iistlfe  , STYLE=superscript  tides.  It-is  much  snperior  to  Cliagres,,  - STYLE=superscript  the  former  port,  in  every  respect  ;'  and  though  'Man 'Man=hills,  =hills, 'Man=hills,  Island,  on  which  the.  town  of  'Aspinwall  stands,  is  evidently  a  coral  formation—thotigh  now  coveted  with  a  heavy  growth  :  of  iimber—and  -  the  usual,  basin-fotna  Making  it  a  pe  . STYLE=superscript  4ect  swamp  during  the  rainy  seasen-4t  is,  by  no  means  so  inthealthy,  owing  to  the  constant  sea-breeze.  And  as  it  is  only  about  four  Julies  in  circumference;  now  that  the  railway  company  are  cutting  through  , STYLE=superscript  the  high  groand  on  the  Pacific  side,  they  are  . STYLE=superscript  gradually  levelling  off  the  island'  with-  the  -  spare  ballast  brought  over  daily  by  the  return  waggons.'  A  light lighthouse;  house; lighthouse;  several  large  hotels  and  stores,  have  been  erected,  and  goodatreete,  laid  out  ;  L  and  the-ugh  it  is  yet  but  wooden  town,  it  proiniseS  to  be  a  very  ,  important  point;  the  'New  Oranadiag,  'government,  with  much  forethought,  having,  in  'IBA,  deelared  both  it,  Panama  free-  ports.  .  Having  arrived  on  Sabbath;  and  no  train  running,  I  was  detained  24  hours  at  Aspinwall,  and  had,  therefore,  a  good  oppottinlity  of  seeing  the  place,  and  'strolled  . STYLE=superscript  halrway  fonnd,  the  island,  the  - STYLE=superscript  beach  of  which  is  fringed  with  Cocoa-nut  trees,'and  the  Manz'  anilla  tree  grows  to  a  large  size„  consider  ing  the  depth'of  Soil.  Hitherto  ,no  water  springs  have  leen  struck  of  conseciaence,  and  the.inhabit-,  ants  are  Mainly  dependent  on  the  rain  tanks.'  Navy  bay,  with  three  first  class  'ocean  steamers  lying.at  anchor;  besides  -a  few'large  ships,  - STYLE=superscript  discharging  coal  into  the  Inlks,;!and  several  schooners  and  small  craft,  impart  a  liveliness  which  even  did  when  'at.  Port  Royal,  a  few  days  pre,  vious  'gilt  - STYLE=superscript  in  the  - STYLE=superscript  gitlf;  - STYLE=superscript  `ratter  a  stiff  northern  was  bloWing,  and  'yet  the  pal&amp;  'and  : STYLE=superscript  unruffled:  and  the  pelican  arka`flatimAgd,lfizijjr  skimming  along  its  boa'cn.  Floth  ,the  NiNi  York  steam  companies  Were  erecting  extensive  offices,  and  wharves  ;  and:  the  royal  :West  India  mail  steam  company  is  now  engaged  fitting  'up  a  very  complete  aceothmodation  and  a  Wharf,'  with  depth-of-Water  Sufficient.  to  bring  the  - STYLE=superscript  largest.  new.  steamers  alon.gside,:nnd'  the  rail  way  company  ace  reallyan  excellent  depot  and  wharf;  s'o  'that  perchandise,,  as  well  as  passengers'  ,  baggage  area'  t,  once  put,  into  the  train  without STYLE=superscript  expense,  and  ''to  save  all  anxiety  to  travellers  re regarging,  garging, regarging,  the  latter„  the  excellent  ticket  system,  so  universal  in  Americo,  is  adopted.  Immediately  - STYLE=superscript  after  daybreak-next  morning,  the  locomotive  was,  looming  to  and  fro,  and  by  seven  the.  train  was  attached,  and  started,  earkyiiig  mofe  than  600  passengeis  and-trio  vans  with  goods.  Certainly:  the  scream  of  the  steam-whistie,  awaken-  ing  'the  rulers  of  the  forest,  and  Startling  the  mon monkeys,panthers,and  keys,panthers,and monkeys,panthers,and  numerous  denizens  of  the  jungle,  had  a  most  Singillar_ofect,  and  no  . STYLE=superscript  less  so  on  `the,  15Itb  stood  gaping,  as  we  darted  The  I  s STYLE=superscript  anaina:Railway'Conapany  was  in  July,  1819,  in  . STYLE=superscript  New  'Fork;  Mr.  J.  L.  Stephen,  who  was  elected  president  of  the  board,  being  emphati emphatieallrthepionoer  eallrthepionoer emphatieallrthepionoer  in  this,  undertaking  ;  and  though,  when  I  erossedAhree  years  had  scarcely  elapsed— elapsedeighteen  eighteen elapsedeighteen  months  of  'whicb..were  employed  in=  sur surveying;  veying; surveying;  Vie.,--thirty  miles  of  road  were  in  excellent  working  order,•  notwithstanding  the  Many  and  serious  . STYLE=superscript  hindrances  of  'heat,  of  chills,  and  con-  tiniinuSlabdur,  and  the  first  ten  miles  of  rail:  having,  to  be  „raid  on  piles,  through  swath')  fte.;  whe're  it  'approaches  the  right  :  bank  of  the  i  'chagre*  river  i  ;St  . STYLE=superscript  Gatrin.  Some,  most  nreposterOus  articles  hang  stt  late  gone  the  round  of  the  newspapers-  os  to  the-fatality-of  the  climate.  Although  only  eight  degrees  .north  , STYLE=superscript  ,-of  the  -line,  Itellowlever  is  almost  tinktrawn—the  :occasions/  deaths  from'  congestive  fever  result  Mainly  froth  great-e3tpCisnre•  or  intein-•  perance  ;  and  I  say  this  on  the  authority:Of  Pr.  who  . STYLE=superscript  whs  'long  stationed  by  ,the  Ra4way.Pompany.  Theligh  the  elitnate  is'  eneicvatirig  to  EUropeans,  I.  venture  to  disrithat.the.airerag,e  number  of  deaths  .n  Tess,  tha4i  14414  country  . STYLE=superscript  where  even  .  prdinary  nrudenee  :  is'exercised.&#34;  :  Altogether,  ,the:  road,  is  .substantial  and,  creditable  to  the  engineers.  It  is  the:ordinary  American  wide  image,  litid  with:  leng  .T  rails,  -.and  the  - STYLE=superscript  sleepers  and.  eras  tics  inostlr.of  lignnarvitre  or  hic4sl;  rind  'the  onlirertS  , STYLE=superscript  and  WiCl*ei'Or  the  same'  with  mahog,any  beams,  ,  grow-also  to  a  large'  01  81ritherTithintiS.:  that'  the  effeets  'of  the  .  rallif  .  season  has  been  'fairly  tested,'  three  is  no  file  l STYLE=superscript  vbsidenee  ;  and  to  keep  off,  the-luxuriant  tfiaer-growth,  the  forest  has  Ij#en  cleared  all  _along  the  fine  about  twenty-eight  yards  .  on  :either  .side.  With  our.monster  .  train,  we  .reacheci._Tabernilla,  the  temporary  terminus,  in  less  titan  three  hours,  'from  whence  began  our  ascent  . STYLE=superscript  of  the:  Chagre,s  river,  in  large  'covered  boats,  which  ,- STYLE=superscript  the  natives  pull  up  alotrgsthe  banks,  and  againatrthepowerful  current  can  only  make  about  a,mile  au  hour.  •  It  was  very  deNhtfill,  how  - STYLE=superscript  eVer,  watching-  .  the  ever  changing  scenery  ;as  each  .turn  of.'  the  streana'  opened  up  a  neiv  'Vista'at  'Oneliine  of  fine  'hills  wooded  -to.  'the  summit;  and  another  of.  cf...,..)eautiftil  stretch  of  parklike  country,  with  oliitrips,of  fine  tiMber  here  and  there,  under  whieh.  the  Ranchers'  large  Spanish  cattle  were,  ruminating;  or  endeavouring  to  keep  off  the  galling  insects,'  standitig  knee-deep  on.  the  'river  brink,  'and  the  only  birds  - STYLE=superscript  to  be  were  the  übiquitqns,  bligzards;andlswn.lkiws,---fai'duririg  the'  nootidai  heat  the  . STYLE=superscript  woods  &#34;ard'  Silent;  bUt  as  the  day  declined,  and  tip,  fire,fly  could  now  ;!nd  then  be'seen  glancing  thrbugli'lhe  thickets  fl  - STYLE=superscript  J6  of  ~Parrots  wheeling',  'round  the  .-,loft):,Ceclard  screamed  shrill'  in  their  airy  gambol's,  and  merous  tribet  of  plonke  t  yrin„  kept  up  the  concert  -until  !noonnse,  which  shone  out.  full  and  glorious.,  -  •  .  .  1112ifiglir  had  the  southern  .and  western  States  of  Ainerieti,  arid  threUghmiist  u STYLE=superscript  dt  th9l)kitif.sh,  and  Spap  l  is  h  Vic9st  Indies,-Lhad  . STYLE=superscript  nowhere  seeri.stieh  luiurianes  as.in  the  Woodlands  on  the  Isthmus,—  the.rainy  season  had  begun  abouta  month  before,'  pad  the  abundant  flow,  too,  was  everywhere  !nag-  \  - STYLE=superscript  ‘  l STYLE=superscript  /  4  ),.1•  •  •  •  -  I,"
