text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  The  Echo  Agricola  gives  the  following  prices  of  wheat  per  hectolitre,  in  some  important  places  :  pails,  40  to  42  SOiSBO2iS,  ditto  ;  Rouen  and  Chartres,  38  to  40  ;  Lille,  39  to  45  Amiens  and  Strasburg,  97  to  40;  Marseilles,  37  to  371;  Bordeaux,  36  to  37+  ;  Nantes,  35.  to  351;  Orleans,  37  to  41;  St.  Malo,  28  to  31  ;  Caen;  39,  to  40  ;  Lisieux,  39  to  41  There  is  still  cote  ehande  of  an  Italian  Opera,  and  many  singers  have  been  engaged  upon  parole,  but  it  would  be  imprudent  as  yet  to  Mention  names.  Lord  Brougham  is  at  the  hotel  Meurice  The  Trieste  - STYLE=superscript  Gazette  has  the  following  from  Con Constantinople,  stantinople, Constantinople,  dated  the  12th  It  is  stated  that  Russia  demandS,  as  the  sole  indemnity  for  the  ex expenses  penses expenses  of  the  occupation,  the  small  province  of  Laristan.  This  small  country  would  be  of  more  value  to  Russia  than  Moldavia  and  Wallachia  together,  as  it  contains  mines  of  lead  and  copper,  and  extensive  *forests'  of  oak,  wherein  would,  be  found  the  wood  necessary  for  the  construction  of  the  Russian  fleets.  Once  in  possession  of  Laris Laristan,  tan, Laristan,  the  submission  of  Daghestan  and  Circassia  would  be  certain.  All  the  roads  conducting  into  Persia  and  Asia  minor  would  be  in  the  hands  of  Russia.—Gatignani.  The  market  has  been  agitated  by  a  variety  of  reports,  and  prices  have  fallen  considerably.  Well-.  informed  persons  reported  that  the  order  had  been  given  for  the  whole  .fleets  to  advance.  Closing  prices-3  per  cents.,  74.85;  41-  per  cents,lol.os  ;  Bank,  2810  ;  Credit  fancier,  ;  Credit  mobi mobilier,  lier, mobilier,  730.  Shares—Orleans,  1207;  Rouen,  1016;  Havre,  505  ;  Nord,  827;  Lytns,  890  ;  Mediter Mediterranean,  ranean, Mediterranean,  732  ;  Central,  512  ;  Cherburg,  600;  West Western,  ern, Western,  705  ;  Strasburg,  927.  PARIS,  WEDNESDAY  The  entry  of  six  or  seven  ships  of  the  allied  squa squadrons  drons squadrons  into  the  waters  of  Marmora,  completes  the  rupture  of  the  treaty  of  1841;  and,  whether  war  takes  place  or  not,  involves  some  new  engagement  between  the  parties  to  that  now  disregarded  chap chapter  ter chapter  in  the  public  law  of  Europe.  Now,  all  the  powers  are  free  from  its  provisions,  and  may  either  appeal  to  the  sword  or  to  a  congress,  to  find  a  new  situation  ;  for  it  is  manifest  that  the  position  of  each  and  all  at  this  moment,  is  attended  with  too  many  risks  to  be  permitted  to  last  very  long.  From  what  I  hear,  it  seems  that  the  'ordWfor  the  French  fleet,  or  a  part  of  it,  as  might  be  deemed  necessary  to  adVance,  was  sent  from  France  before  the  Emperor-  proceeded  on  his  northern  tour.  At  all  events,  it  is  certain  that  at  a  council  held  on  the  Wednesday  .  previous  to  his  departure,  new  in instructions  structions instructions  were  •  prepared  for  the  ambassador  at  Constantinople,  'which  are  said  to  be  of  a  most  spe specific  cific specific  character.  No  doubt,  analogous  instructions  would  be  sent  by  the  British  Government  to  their  ambassador,  as  the  two  nations  are  quite  agreed  ;  and  thus  M.  de  la  Cour  and  Lord  Stratford  would  be  placed  in  a  position  to  act  with  harmony.  At  the  present  moment  we  cannot  definitely  know  what  these  instructions  were;  but  we  may  infer  that  they  invested  the  two  ambassadors  with  greater  powers  than  they  had  before.  Our  latest  intelligence  from  Constantinople,  is  to  the  15th.  At  that  time  no  apprehensions  were  felt  from  the  fanaticism  of  the  Ultra  Turkish  party,  which  we  were  told  threatened  the  Sultan's  throne  and  life.  This  feeling,  if  it  ever  existed,  was  absorbed  in  re resentment  sentment resentment  against  Russia.  In  other  words,  it  was  a  warlike,  but  not  a-rebellious.  sentiment.  I  hear  from  the  Russian  embassy,  that  one  of  the  Rothschids  has  been  invited  or  summoned  to  attend  the  conference  at  Olmutz,  in  Moravia,  where  the  Emperor  of  Russia  is  to  meet  the  Emperor  of  Aus Austria,  tria, Austria,  and  where  there  will  be  congregated  all  the  diplomatists  and  intriguers  of  Russia,  Austria,  and  Prussia.  I  attach  much  importance  to  the  fact  of  one  of  the  Rothschild's  being  asked,  or  required,  I  do  not  care  which,  to  attend.  Russia  cannot  carry  on  war  without  money.  Would  it  not  be  strange  if  hereafter,  we  find  that  we  are  indebted  to  the  closeness  of  a  Jew  money  lender,  for  - STYLE=superscript  the  preserva preservaof  of preservaof  the  peace  of  Europe  ?  Another  illustration  of  D'lsraeli's  romantic  theory,  that  the  world  is  in indebted  debted indebted  to  Jews  for  every  thing  good  and  great.  There  are  many  rumours  iriliaris  of  differences  between  Turkey  and  Greece.  It  is  said  that  on  the  Russian  troops  entering  Wallachia,  the  Consul.  General  of  Greece,  - STYLE=superscript  en  grade  tenue,  proceeded  to  the  commander-in-chief  and  congratulated  him  upon  his  arrival.  Hearing  of  this,  the  Porte  sent  the  Consul  his  Passliorts;  but  the  Greek  govern government  ment government  refused  to  consider  the  quootion  until  the  Consul  was  remitted  .  to  his  previous  status— statusagainst,  against, statusagainst,  it  is  added,  the  advice  of  Mr.  Wyse,  your  minister  at  Athens.  This  amounts  to  a  defiance  of  the  Porte  by  its  former  tributary,  and  no  doubt  is  attributable  to  Russian  agency.  The  matter  rests  in  this  state;  yet  the  Greek  government  is  dearly  wrong  in  this  matter.  After  the  - STYLE=superscript  conferences  at  Olmutz,  the  Emperor  intends,  according  to  report,  to  proceed  to  Odessa.  -The  Cholera  has  been  prevailing  there  for  some  time,  and  may  prevent  .the  imperial  visit,  for  I  do  not  apprehend  that  or  th  o  d  oxy  i  s  a  spec  ifi  c  against  the  epidemic.  I  do  not,  therefore,  think  he  will  venture  .to  go  ;  still  his  movements  are  sometimes  so  sudden  and  so  extraordinary,  that  I  should  not  be  surprised  at  it.  Letter  from  Odessa  give  a  deplorable  account  of  the  embarrassments  prevailing  there,  owing  to  the  unsettled  state  of  the  Eastern  question.  The  want  of  transport  is  causing  most  serious  losses  to  the  grain  merchants,  for  the  warehouses  and  granaries  are  full—so  full,  that  they  are  obliged  to  build  wooden  huts  in  which  to  store  the  corn,  waiting  for  means  to  transfer  it  to  Marseilles  •  and  other  ports.  The  Russian  fleet  was  reviewed  on  the  10th  Sept.  by  Prince  Menschikoff.  •  There  were  50  vessels  of  war  of  varied  powers,  and  a  considerable  number  of  gun-boats.  After  the  reviews,  there  was  a  mock  fight..  Many  Greek  sailors  are  in  the  crews.  They  are  superior  to  the  Russian  sailors  in  skill,  and  perhaps  in  courage  ;  but  neither  in  skill  nor  cou courage,  rage, courage,  whatever  they  may  be  in  numbers,  can  they  contend  for  a  single  day  with  that  amphibious  biped  the  British  sailor.  At  this  moment  the  Russian  commanders  are  maintaining  a  most  vi vigorous  gorous vigorous  police  over  all  the.  shores  of  the  Black  Sea,  particularly  on  the  Circassian  coasts  They  have  good  reason  to  believe  that  considerable  freights  of  arms  and  ammunition  have  been,  or  will  be  sent  to  Schemyl—the  Tell  of  Circassia—in  order  to  create  a  diversion  en.that  side  in  the  event  of  hos hostilities  tilities hostilities  against  Turkey.  Foreigners  ayriving  at  Odessa  have  to  submit  to  many  inconveniencies.  The  Bourse  is  completely  tranquil,  and  there  has  been  no  material  variation  in  prices  since  my  last.  CANADA  ARRIVAL  OF  •  THE  LADY  EGLINTON  The  screw-steam  ship,  Lady  Eglinton,  Captain  Paton,  arrived  here  - STYLE=superscript  yesterday  morning,  from  Que Quebec,  bec, Quebec,  after  a  passage.  of  eleven  days,  nineteen  hours,  and  has  furnished  us  with  Canadian  advices  to  the  17th  inst,  being  three  days  later  than  those  re received,  ceived, received,  via  New  York.  The  Lady  Eglinton,  after  leaving  Quebec,  was  enveloped  in  a  dense  fog  for  some  days,  and  she  did  not  discharge  her  pilot  until  the  fifth  day.  •  There  is  no  political  news  of  interest  contained  in  the  papers,  but  the  Montreal  Gazette,  in  an  article  upon  the  establishment  of  another  line  of  Canadian  and  English  steam-ships,  remarks,  While  the  Quebec  people,  are  crying  out  to  Government  to  aid  them,  Montreal  mer merchants  chants merchants  are  acting,  we  believe,  upon  the  maxim  that  Providence  helps  those  who  help  themselves  .  and  another  season  will  see,  if  we  are  not  much  misinformed,  an  independent  line  of  Canadian  ocean  steamers  put  on  between  this  and  Great  Britain.  Let  the  Quebec  shipbuilders  club  to together,  gether, together,  and  build  the  big  steamer,  and  they  will  find  it  will  pay  them  without  any  Government  meddling?,  Chaleur,  100  miles  distant  from  the  alleged  lo locality.  cality. locality.  GREECE.  The  Hellenic  gaVernment  expresses,  in  the  Ob Observateur,  servateur, Observateur,  its  astonishment  and  Vaniful  regret  that  the  Porte  should  have  withdrawn  the  i  ,. STYLE=superscript  equatfie  from  the  Greek  Consul-General  in  Wallachiti:  The  Hellenic  government  will  first  complain  to  Turkey;  and  afterwards  do  justice  to  itself,  should  this  become  neCese:arv."
