text
"FRANCE  There  is  no  news  of  political  interest  in  the  even evening  ing evening  journals.  The  Patrie  contaium  an  account  of  a  dreadful  event  in  the  Rue  de  Angouleme.  A  lady  living  there  with  her  daughter,  aged  about  5  years,  had  been  in  the  habit  of  receiving  the  visits  of  a  gentleman,  but  for  some  days  neither  she  nor  her  visitor  had  been  seen,  and  to-day  the  Commissary  of  Police  was  sent  for  to  break  open  the  door.  The  gentleman  jumped  out  of  the  window  with  his  throat  cut,  and  was  killed  on  the  spot.  The  lady  and  her  child  were  found  dead  from  the  fumes  of  charcoal.  SUICIDE  OF  A.  LUNATlC.—Yesterday  a  lunatic  named  Margaret  Connor,  committed  suicide  in  the  workhouse.  HEARTLESS  ROBBERY--Between  eight  and  ten  o'clock  last  night,  the  stall  of  Mrs.  Collin,  a  poor  woman  in  Cleveland-square,  was  entered  by  skeleton  keys,  and  30  pairs  of  women's  and  children's  boots  and  shoes  stolen.  THE  CHARLES  STREET  MURDER.—From  en enquiries  quiries enquiries  made  at  the  Northern  Hospital,  at  10  o'clock  last  evening,  we  found  that  the  wounded  man,  attacked  by  the  Charles-street  murderer,  was  considerably  better;  but  the  doctors  did  not  consider  him  by  any  means  out  of  danger.  OFFICE  ROBBERY.—Mr.  GibbollS'S  office,  Beck.  worth-street,  was  broken  open  last  night,  having  been  en entered  tered entered  by  skeleton  keys.  and  £6  in  money,  and  a  quantity  of  postage  stamps  stolen  therefrom.  STEAM  BETWEEN  LIVERPOOL  AND  CASTLETOWN.—  A  movement  is  being  made  to  establish  a  line  of  steamers  direct  between  Liverpool  and  Castletown.  A  meeting  of  the  most  influential  gentlemen  and  merchants  of  Castletown  has  been  held  at  which  a  provisional  committee  was  formed,  and  a  public  meeting  of  the  inhabitants  is  about  to  be  called."
