text
";POLICE  A  TnmsrEn  TRICKED.  —  Dennis  _newsy  was  charged  by  police  officer  292,  with  passing  a  bad  half  crown.  The  complainant,  Mary_  Burton,  of  Watkinsen-street,  stated  that  her  husband,  who  did  not  keep  a  public-house,  was  in  the  habit  of  getting  in  ale  on  Saturday  night  ;  on  Sunday  the  defendant  went  to  her  house  for  some  ale,  and  she  let  him  have  some  for  which  he  tendered  a  bad  half halfcrown,  crown, halfcrown,  and  she  gave  him  the  change,  when  looking  at  the  coin  she  found  it  was  bad.  The  magistrates  dismissed  the  case.  Dom  ROBBERY.—Two  lads  were  committed  for  seven  days  on  a  charge-of  stealing  a  piece  of  rope  from  a  vessel  ling  in  the  dock.  ROBBING  AN  EMPLOYER.  —Ellen  Bernard,  a  very  genteel  looking  young  woman,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  pin,  and  other  articles  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Strutt,  of  John•  street.  The  defendant  was  an  assistant  in  the  shop,  and  on  Satur Saturday  day Saturday  morning  another  assistant  observed  that  she  had  a  pin  in  her  dress,  and  upon  asking  her  how  much  she  gave  for  it  :he  could  not  give  a  satisfactory  answer,  and  it  was  subse subsequently  quently subsequently  ascertained  that  the  pin  had  been  taken  from  the  'hop.  This  led  to  the  prisoner's,  boxes  being  searched,  in  which  were  found  several  stolen  articles  similarly  abstracted  from  the  shop,  The  prosecutor  said  he  had  taken  the  prisoner  without  a  regular  character,  as  he  had  done  five  others,  all  of  whom  had  robbed  him.  The  prisoner  was  remanded.  PICKING  POCKETS.—Mary  Bateman  and  John  111  7 STYLE=superscript  Carthy  were  charged  with  picking  the  pocket  of  an  elderly  woman  in  Great  Charlotte-street,  on  Saturday  night.  The  detective-officer  saw  the  prisoners  attempting  to  pick  the  pockets  of  at  least  twenty  persons  in  the  course  of  the  , STYLE=superscript  ventng,  and  apprehended  them  after  they  had  abstracted  ive-pence  from  her  pocket.  The  parties  being  well-known,  were  committed  for  arc'  , STYLE=superscript  months  each.  James  Rogan  was  committed  to  tel.c  his  trial  for  stealin  , STYLE=superscript  •  a  watch  from  the  pocket  ‘,l  - STYLE=superscript  Mr  Ash,  a  clerk,  as  hr  leaving  the  s.u.bury-street  chapel.  The  prisoner  jostle  1  vra;nae  the  prosecutor  two  or  three  times  as  he  was  lepvin  'he  chapel,  and  directly  after  he  missed  Ws  watch,  when  3  iccused  the  prisoner  with  taking  it,  which  charge  he  d(  nie  ,  hut  attempted  to  makehis  escape,  was  pursued;  and  a  struggia  ansued,  and  the  watch  was  found  on  his  person.  The  prisoner  was  committed  for  trial.  '  -  -  -  Sanzment  was  committed  for  one  month  on  a  charge  of  stealing  some  sash  cord  from  the  sho  of  Mr.  Downes,  London-road.  The  prisoner  was  deteete  I  with  the  property  upon  her  in  the  shop.  ALLEGED  ROBBERY  BY  A  COOK.—  I  lien  MAN/en,  3  -ook  at  the  Liverpool  dining-rooms,  was  charged  with  stea,-  ing  six  pounds  of  dripping,  the  property  of  Mrs.  Goodwin,  her  employer.  The  dripping  was  sold  at  an  adjoining  shc  by  the  direction  of  the  accused  ;  but  as  it  appeared  there  was  no  stipulation  as  to  who  was  to  have  the  when  the  agreement  was  made  with  prisoner,  and  as  she  alleged  it  was  her  perquisite,  the  case  was  dismissed.  STEALING  CANVASS.—Mary  ?  . STYLE=superscript  /02/0.1  was  committed  for  trial  on  a  charge  of  stealing  a  roll  of  canvass  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Colthorpe,  Chapel-street.  Johtt  Envlish  was  committed  for  seven  days  for  stealing  a  pair  of  boots  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  fill,  Byrom  street.  ASSAULTS.  —Rose  Crosbie  was  committed  for  seven  days  for  an  assault;  and  Thomas  Gull  was  committed  for  one  month  for  assaulting  a  police-officer,  while  in  the  execution  of  his  duty.  ROBBERIES  BY  PRosurtrrEs.—Ellen  Moller  was  charged  with  stealing  9/,  from  John  Weston,  53,  Prince  Edward Edwardstreet  street Edwardstreet  ;  Eliz  , STYLE=superscript  beth  Robi  son,  charged  with  stealing'..  watch  ;  and  Mary  Ann  Maxwell,  with  stealing  a  handkerchief  ;  were  discharged  in  each  case,  it  appearing  that  the  persons  giving  the  charge  had  been  indiscreet  enough  to  accompany  the  accused  in  a  state  of  intoxication.  Mary  31  1 STYLE=superscript  Car,hy.  - STYLE=superscript  kvas  re remanded  manded remanded  on  a  charge  of  robbing  Patrick  M‘Kaye  of  Si.  18s.  ASSAULT  BY  A  POLICE  OFFICER.  —Thomas  Dugdale,  a  mason,  was  charged  by  officer  190,  with  being  drunk  and  fighting  in  Pall-mall,  at  half-past  twelve  o'clock  on  Satur Saturday  day Saturday  night.  Dugdale's  nose  was  much  cut,  and  his  eyes  and  cheeks  were  considerably  swollen.  Mr.  Bluck  appeared  for  him.  The  officer,  on  being  sworn,  said  that  he  heard  a  row  at  the  hour  mentioned  in  Pall-mall,  and  that  he  hastened  to towards  wards towards  the  scene.  On  reaching  the  spot,  be  found  the  defen defendant  dant defendant  fighting  with  some  person  whom  he  did  not  know.  The  defendant's  nose  was  much  cut,  and  on  being  asked  who  did  it,  he  replied  that  he  did  not  know.  Cross-examined  by  Mr.  Bluck  :  The  defendant  subse subsequently  quently subsequently  said  it  was  I  who  knocked  him  down  and  cut  him.  There  were  three  or  four  men  and  a  number  of  women  pre present  sent present  at  the  time.  Mr.  Bluck  then  addressed  the  bench,  and  said  that  it  would  be  shown  that  the  case  was  as  gr'ss  a  one  as  was  ever  brought  before  the  court.  It  would  be  proved  that  the  de defendant  fendant defendant  was  assaulted,  without  the  least  provocation,  by  the  officer  ;  and  that  not  content  with  that  wanton  outrage,  he  how  appeared  in  court,  and  unblushingly  charged  the  defen defendant  dant defendant  with  being  drunk  and  disorderly.  The  simple  facts  of  the  case  were  these  :  On  Saturday  night,  the  defendant  was  at  the  house  of  a  friend  of  his,  -  , STYLE=superscript  arced  Mount.  He  left  the  house  a  few  minutes  before  twelve  o'clock,  and  on  reaehing  , STYLE=superscript  Pall-mall,  he  observed  some  people  quarrelling;  and  being  within  a  few  yards  of  his  home  at  the  time,  he  sti  pied  to  witness  the  row.  In  a  few  minutes  the  officer  came  up,  and  without  uttering  a  word,  drew  his  stick  and  knocked  him  down.  He  then  raised  him  up  and  asked  him  who  struck  him;  and  on  Du  dale  replying,  was  the  officer  forthwith  took  him  off  to  the  bridewell  and  charged  him.  James  Mount  examined  :  Dugdale  was  at  my  house  on  Saturday  night.  He  left  a  few  minutes  befrre  twelve  o'clock.  He  had  taken  a  little,  but  he  was  not  drunk.  Mary  Hale  examined  :  Heard  the  row  in  Pall-mall  on  Saturday  night,  and  went  to  see  it.  Saw  th'  defendsr  t  looking  in.  Saw  the  officer  come  up  and  knock  him  down.  He  then  took  him  up  and  said,  has  done  it  and  witness  said,  it  was  you  did  To  the  Ma  , STYLE=superscript  istrate  :  Is  a  married  woman.  Saw  the  olier  r  about  Pall-mall  before,  but  never  had  any  quarrel  with  hint.  Betsy  Levery  examined  :  Saw  the  officer  come  down  Gr-ft  -  street,  run  among  the  crowd,  and  strike  the  defendant  acro,s  the  nose  with  his  stick.  The  defendant  was  not  drunk  ::t  the  time.  The  officer  then  took  him  up,  and  having  t  some  coppers  and  keys  from  the  by-standers,  he  placed  the.a  against  the  defendant's  head  and  neck,  to  prevent  swelling.  His  wife  came  up  at  the  time,  and  asked  if  he  were  hur;.  The  office  replied  that  he  was,  and  said,  shall  I  take  hila  to  the  The  wife  said,  but  the  officer  too's:  him  to  the  bridewell.  To  the  Magistrate  :  The  officer  asked  him  who  knocked  him  do•vn,  and  when  Dugdale  replied  was  the  officer  said,  for  saying  that  I  won't  take  you  to  the  hospital,  but  I  will  take  you  to  the  bridewell.'  I  knew  Dugdale  for  a  long  time.  He  is  a  mason.  Dugdale  here  said  that  he  worked  with  Mr.  Calvert,  of  Leeds-street,  for  19  years.  Mary  Ann  Dugdale,  a  very  intelligent  little  girl,  about  14  years  of  age,  and  the  daughter  of  the  defendant,  deposed  to  the  same  points  as  the  other  witnesses.  Her  father,  she  said,  was  within  a  few  yards  of  his  own  house,  and  was  not  drunk  or  fighting  at  the  time.  He  was  knocked  down  by  the  officer.  The  case  for  the  defence  having  closed,  The  officer  said  that  he  first  became  aware  of  the  row  when  he  heard  his  inspector  knocking  for  him  at  the  bottom  of  Kay-street.  He  then  crossed  Prussia-street,  and  tapped  the  ground  with  his  stick  as  he  entered  Pall-mall.  He  then  saw  the  defendant  and  another  person  shouting  and  bellowing,  and  as  he  went  up  to  the  crowd  some  person  tripped  him.  He  then  fell  against  the  wall  of  the  house,  and  as  he  did  so,  he  saw  some  one  knock  the  defendant  down.  The  keeper  of  the  bridewell,  at  which  the  defendant  was  received,  stated  that  he  was  not  very  drunk  when  brought  there,  and  that  he  made  no  charge  against  the  officer.  Officer,  512,  stated  that  one  of  the  witnesses  was  a  very  disorderly  character.  Mr.  MANSFIELD  discharged  Dugdale,  observing  that  he  would  not  then  try  the  officer  as  he  might  have  been  taken  unawares.  However,  Dugdale  might  take  out  a  summons  against  the  officer,  and  it  would  be  heard  in  the  same  way  as  any  other  assault  case."
