text
"THE  THEATRES  Madame  Caleste  and  Mr.  Benjamin  Webster,  are  fulfilling  an  engagement  during  the  present  week,  at  the  Royal  Am Amphitheatre.  phitheatre. Amphitheatre.  Last  evening  they  performed  in  Genevieve,  or  the  reign  of  Terror,  the  Pretty  Girls  of  Stilberg,  and  the  Camp  at  Chobham.  Genevieve  is  a  new  drama,  founded  on  one  of  those  singular  occurrences  which'  .characterized  the  first  French  revolution.  We  need  scarcely  say,  that  Mr.  Webster  and  '  Madame  Caleste,  acquitted  themselves  admirably  in  Genevieve,  which  was  pro professed  fessed professed  to  be  represented  with  new  scenery,  painted  by  •  Mr.  Dearlove.  It  strikes  us,  that  we  have  several  times  previously  had  a  peep  at  his  new  scenery.  Many  of  our  readers  may  possibly  think  likewise.  Loraine,  Villiers,  and  Young  were  respectable  as  Maurice  Lindsay,  Dixmer,  and  Metier.  The  Sentinels  were  enveloped  in  the  uniform  of  the  Old  Guard,  and,  however  doubtful  the  critic  may  be  about  populace  and  sectioning,  there  was  no  mistake  about  the  sans  culottes.  In  Pretty  Girls  of  Webster  was  inimitablein  his  representation  of  Napoleon,  and  Mr.  F.  Young  effective  as  Bob,  the  fat  Drummer,  although  his  was  suggestive  of  the  famine  of  '4B.  Madame  Celeste  put  her  army,  of  through  their  evolutions  with  unrivalled  skill  and  tact.  His  Majesty's  pages  turned  out  a  sorry  rot,  a  villainous  attempt  at  a  song,  on  the  part  of  one  of  those  individuals,  was  rewarded  with  a  hiss.  not  the  less  hearty  for  being  early  suppressed.  Mark  Lemon's  farce,  the  Camp  at  closed  the  performances.  T  THE  PARK  THEATRE.—To-morrow  evening,  the  benefit  for  James  Brown  takes  place  at  this  theatre.  Every  man  who  admires  sterling  worth,  and  who  wishes  to  relieve  the  necessities  of  one  of  the  ablest  actors  of  the  day,  should  visit  the  Park  theatre  to-morrow  evening.  FINE  ARTS.—A  very  choice  collection  of  pictures  by  modern  artists,  is  now  on  view  at  Messrs.  Winstanley's  Gallery,  Church-street  ;  they  are  the  property  of  a  Mr.  Harper,  whose  guarantee  is  given  that  every  picture  is  . STYLE=superscript  by  the  Master  to  whom  it  is  ascribed.  We  have  taken  a  hasty  glance,  and  find  soine'beautiful  specimens  by  the  best  English  painters,  past  and  present.  Among  the  number  will  be  found  a  large  and  important  picture  of  the  of  by  E.  M.  Wood,  R.A.  ;  A  Peep  from  the  Bushes  on  the  Banks  of  the  by  H.  J.  Boddington,  is  a  mode3t  and  truthful  bit  of  nature.  Two  very  charming  pictures  in  oil,  by  David  Cox,  whose  works  are  always  valuable  ;  by  G.  Lange,  and  .a  beautiful  Head,  by  J.  Sant  called  There  is  also  a  small  but  clever  bit  by  T.  ,S.  Cooper,  A.R.A.,  whose  cattle  pictures  are  eagerly  sought  after.  Howes  Victory,  the  Glorious  Ist  of  Painted  by  Knell,  is  a  fine  historic  marine  picture.  There  is  also  a  fine  picture  by  J.  Holland,  of  a  Scene  in  Venice,  called  in  .the  catalogue  Monument  of  Bootolomer  The  familiar  blue  sky  and  brilliantly  clear  atmosphere,  as  well  as  the  red  colours  of  the  figures,  are  ad admirably  mirably admirably  rendered  altogether.  There  is  a  very  nice  little  collection;  and  as  we  believe  they  are  to  be  Sold  by  auction,  it  will  be  a  capital  opportunity  for  our  merchant  Princes  to  obtain  some  knowu  worki  of  decided  excellence,  •"
