text
"THE  DISPUTE  WITH  PERSIA  The  following  is  the  text  to  the  Court  of  Persia,  by  Mr.  Murray  :—First  :  The  government  shall  restore  to  liberty  the  Princess,  wife  of  Mirza.  Second  :  That  it  shall  acknowledge  Mirza  as  consul  for  the  Queen  of  England.  Third  :  That  the  Prime  Minister  of  the  Schah  shall  proceed  to  the  residence  of  the  English  embassy  to  offer  an  apology  and  withdraw  his  offensive  note.  Mr.  Murray,  in  spite  of  some  resistance,  has  left  an  agent  at  Teheran.  and  has  threatened  to  support  him  by  an  English  fleet  in  the  Persian  Gulf.  THE  CRIMEA.  By  the  Thabor,  the  Crimean  news  is  to  the  date  of  January  o.—The  firing  continues  on  both  sides  of  Sebastopol.  The  Allies  have  hlown  up  two  of  the  docks.  The  Russians  are  taking  up  their  winter  quarters  at  Simpheropol  and  Baktschi-Serai.  The  news  from  Kin Kinburn  burn Kinburn  is  to  the  effect  that  the  Russians  had  30,000  men  en  echelon,  between  Pellroski  and  Oktchakoff,  and  that,  in  consequence,  fears  were  entertained  of  an  attack  on  the  fortress  of  Kinburn.  The  garrison  had  been  rein reinforced  forced reinforced  by  troops  under  the  command  of  General  Labeuf.  The  flotilla  was  frozen,  but  would  aid  in  the  defence  if  the  Russians  should  attempt  the  place.  General  Vivian,  fearing  to  be  attacked  at  Kertch,  has  called  for  officers  of  infantry  and  artillery  to  be  des despatched  patched despatched  to  him  from  Constantinople.  THE  PEACE  NEGOCIATIONS  The  Paris  journals  of  Thursday,  in  the  expectation  of  shortly  receiving  decided  intelligence  respecting  the  progress  of  the  negotiations,  preserve  a  complete  silence  on  the  question  of  the  day.  The  Frankfort  Gazet/e,  in  reference  to  the  armistice,  says,  that  the  suspension  of  hostilities  will  first  be  established  by  a  military  convention  concluded  between  the  Allied  and  Russian  commanders,  and  that  afterwards  the  armistice  will  be  confirmed  by  the  respective  govern governments  ments governments  of  the  belligerents.  A  letter  from  St.  Petersburg  in  the  Constitutionnel  states,  that  the  news  of  the  Czar  having  accepted  the  peace  proposals,  was  received  with  great  incredulity  by  the  lower  classes,  and  by  the  higher  ranks  with  profound  astonishment  and  some  discontent.  A  despatch,  via  Trieste,  announces  that,  on  the  14th,  the  ambassadors  commenced  with  the  Porte  the  discus discussion  sion discussion  of  the  questions  relative  to  the  reconstitution  of  the  Principalities,  and  the  reforms  connected  with  the  con condition  dition condition  of  the  Rayahs.  The  Vienna  correspondent  of  the  Times  states  that  in  that  capital  the  most  strenuous  efforts  are  making  to  induce  England  not  to  insist  on  the  disarming  of  the  Russian  fortresses  on  the  Eastern  shores  of  the  Black  Sea.  Great  complaints  are  made  of  the  inconceivable  obstinacy  of  Sir  Hamilton  Seymour  in  this  matter.  It  is  feared  that  the  British  government  will  not  consent  to  sign  the  preliminaries  of  peace  until  a  perfectly  clear  interpretation  has  been  given  to  the  fifth  proposition.  A  private  letter  from  St.  Petersburg,  quoted  by  the  Paris  correspondent  of  the  Times,  states  that  the  public  mind  was  greatly  agitated,  and  that  there  would  be  nothing  surprising  in  the  fact  of  an  outbreak."
