text
"PRESENTATIONS  TO  THE  REV.  T.  MAJOR  LESTER.  The  Rev.  T.  Major  Lester  having  been  appointed  curate  of  St:  Mary's,  Kirkdale,  the  following  testimonials  were  presented  to  him  upon  his  resignation  of  the  curacy  of  St.  Barnabas  A  sliver  pencil  case,  the  most  costly  of  the  kind  that  could  be  procured  in  the  town,  was  presented  by  the  boys,  and  an  elaborately  carved  paper-knife,  by  the  girls  of  St.  Barnabas'  schools.  A  silver  pocket  communion  service,  bearing  the  following  inscription  Presented  to  the  Rev.  Thomas  Major  Lester,  8.A.,  by  the  ladies  of  St.  Barnabas'  coneregation,  as  a  token  of  their  affectionate  regard.  Liverpool,  The  following  books,  elegantly  bound  in  Morocco,  viz.:--  Christ  on  the  and  The  Lord's  my  by  the  Rev.  T.  Stevenson,  and  Tupper's  Proverbial  Philoso 'Philosophy;'  in  each  volume  is  Presented  to  the  Rev.  T.  Major  Lester,  8.A.,  by  the  teachers  of  St.  Barnabas'  Sunday  and  day  schools,  in  testimony  of  their  esteem  of  his  character  as  an  ambassador  of  Christ.  Liverpool,  The  Lord  bless  thee,  and  keep  -  -Num.,  c.  6,  v.  24.  A  highly  finished  rosewood  desk,  with  fittings  complete,  also  a  silver  inkstand.  On  the  lid  of  the  desk  appeared  the  following  inscription  Presented  to  the  Rev.  T.  Major  Lester,  8.A.,  by  his  Sunday  and  Wednesday  evening  classes,  together  with  a  few  members  of  St.  Barnabas'  congregation,  as  a  mark  of  their  regard  and  On  the  instand  are  the  initials  of  Mr.  Lester's  name,  and  his  crest.  It  is  impossible  to  speak  too  highly  of  the  manner  in  which  Mr.  Lester  has  uniformly  discharged  his  pastoral  dUties  during  the  period  of  his  connection  with  St.  Barna Barnabas'  bas' Barnabas'  church  and  district.  His  great  attention  to  the  schools,  his  daily  visits  to  the  poor,  proclaiming  to  them  the  glad  tidings  of  salvation  through  Christ,  and  relieving,  so  far  as  his  means  enabled  him,  their  temporal  necessities;  the  anxiety  he  invariably  manifested  for  the  sick,  both  at  their  homes  and  at  the  hospital,  together  with  his  unceasing  exertions  in  promoting  the  spiritual  welfare  of  the  people  generally,  have  won  for  him  the  warmest  esteem  and  affec affection  tion affection  of  all  classes,  from  the  princely  merchant  to  the  child  of  poverty.  It  is  satisfactory  to  observe  that  Mr.  Lester  is  a  member  of  the  University  of  Cambridge,  and  that  during  the  time  he  officiated  at  St.  Barnabas  Church,  was  engaged  under  the  local  curates  aid  society.  SOUTH  LANC.ASITIRE  WINTER  ASSIZES.  SECOND  COURT.  (Before  Mr.  Baron  MARTIN.)  THE  STABBING  IN  TITIIEBARN  STREET.  William  Christie  pleaded  not  guilty  to  a  charge  of  feloniously  wounding  and  stabbing  Daniel  Lamb,  a  sailor,  in  Tithebarn-street,  on  the  13th  of  la  s  t  November.  Mr.  Simon  prosecuted,  and  Mr.  Atkinson  defended.  The  facts  of  the  case,  which  were  fully  stated  in  our  police  office  reports  at  the  time  of  the  occurrence,  are  simply  these:  On  that  day  the  prisoner,  in  company  with  two  other  men.  one  of  whom  was  drunk,  was  passing  down  Tithebarn-  street,  when  they  met  with  three  sailors,  who  were  coming  in  the  opposite  d►rection.  In  passing  the  drunken  man  wilfully  jostled  the  prosecutor,  who  immediately  knocked  him  down.  A  row  instantly  ensued;  the  prisoner  and  his  companions  savagely  attacked  the  prosecutor,  and  during  the  fight  the  prisoner  was  seen  to  withdraw  to  a  short  distance,  and  open  a  knife  which  he  took  from  his  pocket.  He  again  took  part  in  the  row  ;  and  there  could  not  be  the  slighest  doubt,  but  that  the  wounds  which  the  prosecutor  shortly  afterwards  received  were  inflicted  by  his  hand.  The  prisoner  was  then  convicted,  and  sentenced  to  six  years'  penal  servitude.  _  noin  , STYLE=superscript  iB  Moore,  acquitted  on  Friday,  of  the  murder  of  his  two  step-children,  by  throwing  them  into  the  canal  at  Stock Stockport,  port, Stockport,  was  again  formally  arraigned.  His  LORDSHIP  told  him  that  so  far  as  an  earthly  tribunal  was  concerned,  he  was  acquitted,  and  that  the  matter  now  rested  between  him  and  his  conscience.  There  was  a  higher  tribunal,  however,  before  which  we  shall  all  app  ear  on  th  e  great  and  awful  day  of  judgment,  and  where  no  secret  act  or  thought  would  be  concealed.  It  behoved  him,  then,  to  prepare  for  that  day  ;  but  in  the  meantime,  would  warn  Lim  that  if  he  were  brought  before  a  court  of  human  justice  for  any  offence  against  his  wife,  or  father-in-law,  who  appeared  against  him,  his  punishment  would  be  deserv deservedly  edly deservedly  severe.  The  prisoner  was  then  discharged.  This  terminated  the  assizes.  POLICE  COURT.—SATURDAY.  DAMAGING  A  PISTOL—John  Browne,  an  itinerant  vender  of  walking-sticks  and  umbrellas,  was  charged  with  damaging  a  pistol,  the  property  of  M.  Vogers,  the  keeper  of  a  shooting shootinggallery,  gallery, shootinggallery,  No.  3,  Houghton-street.  _"
