text
"THE  NORTIItRN  DAILY  TIMES.  FROM  OUR  LONDON  OdRRESPONDENT.  LONDON,  FRIDAY  NIGHT  The  French  Mails  did  not  arrive  in  London  yes yesthrdaytill  thrdaytill yesthrdaytill  a  laid  hour  in  the  - STYLE=superscript  afternoon.  .They  did  not  bring  any  news  of  importaitee,  The  Emperor  and  Empress  have  arrived  in  Paris  from  their  tour  in  the  northern  provinces.  The  advices  from  Con Constantinople  stantinople Constantinople  make  rather  a  material  addition  to  the  Stat6mtuftd  14  the  That  a  good  under understanding  standing understanding  prevailed  between  the  &amp;ace  and  war  par parties  ties parties  in  the  The  addition  is  both  ar6'  rt.  solved  not  to  make  any  further  The  Journal  des  pekiti  regards  the.entry  of  the  Darda Dardanelles  nelles Dardanelles  as  changing  the  diplomatic  position  of  Europe,  and  modifying  the  relationg  gtablislied  by  treaty.  It  is,  in  fact,  says  the  Pebats,  an  armed  in intervention,  tervention, intervention,  but  it  does  not  necessarily  involve  war.  The  seige  of  Antwerp,  the  occupation  of  Ancona,  the  intervention  in  Spain,  and  the  seige  and  occu occupation  pation occupation  of  otne  did  not  involve  war.  These  were  not  inSignifititint  affairs  and  the  entry  of  the  allied  fleets  intd  the  BoSphorusi  winch  was  a  sort  of  occur  pation  of  Constantinople,  was  an  hot  tif  the  same  nature.  The  question  hoWeVer  waS-hol‘v  would  it  be  regarded  by  the,  Eniperor  of  Russia  and  the  Emperoi'  of  Austria  MUNICIPAL  ELECTION.  TO  TAR  EDITOR  cot,  TAR  l'iinTiltilastDAlLY  Inms,  Bm,—Observing  in  to-(lays  Met-6ziry  that  Jny  naMe  is  mentioned  as  the  opponent  of  Oliver  Holden,  Egg.,  fdr  St;  Paul's  Ward,  at  the  next  Municipal  Election,  I  beg  you  will  favour  me  by  inserting  this,  my  contradiction  to  the  above  report,  which  must  have  been  inserted  by  mistake,  as  I  have  no  such  intention.—l  am,  Sir,  yours  respectfuly,  _  TIIdMAS  'SAVAGE  90,  oa  Hail-street  Sept  30  j  1853  PRE  FE  E  N  T:Theßight  Rev.  the  Lord  Bishop  of  Mandhester,  has  received  the  Rev  Matthew  Fletcher  13;  A.,  to  the  Stipendiary  ciiiticy  of  TarietOni  near  Cirmskirki  on  the  nomination  Of  the  Rev:  Streynsliani  Mager,  the  In.;  cumbent:  THE  PROPOSED  HIGH  LEirEt.  BRIDGE  IN  DALE DALESTREtT.  STREtT. DALESTREtT.  a  large  and  influential  meeting  of  the  owners  and  occupiers  of  property  in  Dalez  . STYLE=superscript  stfeet,  Byrom;  street.  Old  Hay-market,  and  Whitechapel,  was  'held  at  the  Bull  Inn,  in  Dale-street,  to  consider  the  proposed  high  level  bridge,  included  in  the  contemplated  town  improve improvements.  ments. improvements.  After  some  discussion  it  was  unanimously  agreed  to  memorialise  the  Council  against  the  project,  as  being  likely  very  seriously  to  injure  their  interests*  -  SANITARY  PRECAUTIONS.  — STYLE=superscript  Yesterday  the  Su  D-Coin D-Coinmitee  mitee D-Coinmitee  appointed  by  the  Health  Committee,  to  take  the  pre precautionary  cautionary precautionary  measures  necessary  to  prevent  if,  possible,  the  spread  of  cholera  in  Liverpool,  met,  and  selected  seven  ac active  tive active  and  intelligent  officers  from  the  police  force,  whose  duty  it  will  be  to  exercise  a  strict  surveillance  over  lodging-houses,  and  carry  out,  as  far  as  practicable,  in  the  districts  to  which  they  are  appointed,  house  to  house  visitation.  Amongst  the  officers  so  selected  (we  believe  he  volunteers  his  services)  is  Segeant  Carnes  of  the  detective  force.  REVISION  COURT.—The  Court,  yesterday;  was  oc occupied  cupied occupied  in  hearing  claims  and  objections  down  to  the  letter  H.  Malachi  Donohue,  of  No.  28,  Bond-street,  was  objected  to  by  Henry  Buckmaster.  The  Court  :  Malachi  Donohue.  Mr.  Donohue  :  Here,  Sir.—Mr.  Bremner  :  Oh  !  you  are  not  gone  to  Australia.—Mr.  Donohue  :  No,  you  can  see  that.—  Mr.  Bremner  :  Do  you  live  in  No  28,  Bond-street  ?—Mr.  Donohue  :  Yes.—Mr.  Bremner  :  How  long  have  you  resided  there  ?—Mr.  Donohue  :  Since  1849.—Mr.  Bremner  :  And  you  have  not  gone  to  Australia?—Mr.  Donohue  :  No,  not  yet.  The  Court  disallowed  the  objection.  Mr.  Donohue  :  I  claim  my  expenses.—The  Court  :  Certainly,  sir.  Mr.  Donohue  is  Collector  to  the  Financial  Reform  Association,  and  it  must  have  been  well  known  to  his  objector  that  he  had  not  left  Liverpool.  CORONER'S  INQUEST.—Yesterday  afternoon  an  inquest  was  held  at  the  Royal  Infirinary,  Manchester,  by  Mr.  Herford,  City  Coroner,  on  view  of  the  body  of  Hugh  Quin,  a  tailor,  lately  residing  in  Tib-strect.  It  appeared  that  the  deceased,  when  probably  under  the  influence  of  liquor,  fell  into  the  river  Irk  on  Sunday  night.  He  cried  for  help,  and  through  the  aid.of  a  private  watchman  was  got  out  of  the  water,  and  removed  to  the  Infirmary.  He  did  not,  however,  recover.  Verdict,  HAVING  GUNPOWDER  ILLEGALLY  ON  BOARD  A  STEAMER.—On  Thursday,  at  the  Birkenhead  Police  Court,  the  owners  of  the  Steamer  Windermere,  were  fined  £2.500,  for  having  a  large  quantity  of  gunpowder  on  board,  which  it  is  supposed  was  intended  for  the  coast  of  Africa.  The  fine  was  2s.  in  the  pound,  on  the  amount  of  powder.  ACCIDENTS.—WiIIiam  Corkhill  fell  into  one  of  the  Southern  Graving  Docks  yesterday,  and  sustaiaed  a  colicit6sion  of  the  brain.  Michael  Harrison,  residing  at  No.  4,  St.  Martin's-street,  whilst  drunk,  went  upon  the  line  of  the  Dock  Railway,  near  Bootle,  and  one  of  the  waggons  rolled  over  his  foot,  causing  a  severe  laceration.  ALARM  OF  FlRE.—Last  night  shortly  .  after  11  o'clock,  information  reached  Mr.  liewitt,  superintendent  of  the  Liverpool  fire  brigade,  that  a  fire  had  broken  out  in  the  premises  of  the  Messrs.  Preston,  brassfoundcrs,  Suffolk-street.  Luckily  however,  the  fire  was  limited  to  a  beam  which  had  ignited  from  overheating,  and  it  was  extinguished  before  the  arrival  of  the  engines.  OPENING  OF  THE  NEW  HALL,  CLAYTON  SQUARE.—  Last  evening,  the  very  splendid  new  Hall,  Clayton-square,  recently  fitted  up,  was  opened  to  the  public  - STYLE=superscript  on  the  occasion  of  the  fifth  performance  of  the  Liverpool  Amateur  Glee  and  Illadligal  Union.  The  New  Hall  is  comprised  within  what  used  to  be  the  Clayton  Hotel,  Clayton-square:  Those  ex extensive  tensive extensive  premises  having  been  for  some  time  unoccupied,  were  taken  by  a  party  who  converted  them  into  a  kind  of  Theatre,  which  was  used  as  a  singing  saloon  for  a  short  time.  The  speculation,  however,  turned  out  unprofitable,  and  after  a  brief  season,  the  place  was  (wain  shut  up,  and  it  remained  so  up  to  the  present  time  ;  but,  during  the  interval,  the  entire  premises  have  undergone  a  thorough  repair  and  re-decoration,  for  the  purposes  of  musical  entertain entertainments,  ments, entertainments,  or  meetings,  limited  as  to  numbers.  A  more  conve convenient  nient convenient  or  elegant  theatre  could  not  be  found.  We  have  no  doubt  it  will  be  much  used.  In  its  internal  arrangements,  the  Clayton  Hall  is  not  unlike  what  the  old  Liver  Theatre  used  to  be  ;  but  the  fittings  of  the  former  are  far  more  tasteful  and  expensive  than  those  of  the  latter.  The  stage  or  platform,  is  a  miniature  copy  of  the  platform  in  the  Philharmonic  Hall,  seats  rising  over  one  another  and  running  backwards,  form  the  space  upon  which  the  per performers  formers performers  stand.  The  decorations  are  exceedingly  neat.  The  boxes  are  hung  with  crimson  drapery,  and  the  seats  cushioned  with  material  of  the  same  colour.  The  panels  are  of  a  delicate  pink  tint,  with  a  gilt  :rim  slightly  raised,  enriched  with  cornices,of  white,  within  a  border  of  maple.  An  ample  flood  of  light  is  thrown  from  the  roof,  which  mel mellows  lows mellows  and  harmonises  with  the  colours,  and  gives  a  light  cheerful,  and  at  the  same  time,  rich  appearance  to  the  in interior.  terior. interior.  The  hall  is  capable  of  accommodating  upwards  of  1,000  persons.  Last  evening,  the  performances  passed  off  verS  satisfactorily.  The  selection  of  glees  and  madrigals  was  excellent,  and  were  admirably  given.  Mr.  Liddell  was  the  conductor;  piano  -forte,  Miss  Eleanor  George.  WEDDING  FESTIVITIES  AT  'LIVERPOOL  AND  GRASMERE.—Great  rejoicings  took  place  on  Wednesday  last,  on  the  occasion  of  the  marriage  at  Grasmere,  West Westmoreland,  moreland, Westmoreland,  of  John  Pilkington,  Esq.  Merchant,  of  the  firm  of  Messrs.  Pilkington  and  Wilson,  of  this  town,  with  Miss  Holme  daughter  of  James  Holme,  Esq.,  of  Croft  Lodge,  Ambleside,  and  niece  of  Samuel  Holme,  Esq.,  Mayor.  The  bride,  who  was  most  elegantly  dressed,  was  attended  to  the  altar  by  six  bridesmaids.  The  retinue  consisted  of  a  train  of  17  carriages,  most  expensively  mounted;  arches  of  evergreens  and  flowers  were  thrown  over  the  gates  of  the  churchyard  and  entrance  to  the  church;  the  union  jack  floated  proudly  in  the  breeze  at  the  top  of  the  steeple,  and  the  bells  rang  a  merry  peal.  His  worship  the  mayor  of  Liverpool,  with  about  50  gentlemen  and  Mr.  John  Pilkington  left  Liverpool  on  Tuesday  for  the  scene  of  the  approaching  ceremony  and  were  followed  next  day  by  another  50  of  ourleading  merchants  and  brokers,  desirous  of  being  present  on  the  happy  occasion.  The  festivities  of  the  day  were  wound  up  by  a  ball,  which  was  attended  by  the  elite  of  the  neighbourhood.  In  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  Where  the  firm  of  the  bridegroom,  and  the  family  of  the  bride  are  deservedly  respected,  the  occasion  was  not  allowed  to  pass  over  without  due  celebration.  A  sumptuous  cold  collation  was  provided  in  the  offices  in  Water-street,  at  which  nearly  a  hundred  personal  or  business  friends  of  Messrs.  Pilkington  . STYLE=superscript  and  Wilson  attended  during  the  after afternoon  noon afternoon  of  Wednesday,  and  by  all  of  whom  the  health  and  happiness  of  the  bride  and  bridegroom  were  enthusiastically  toasted.  In  the  evening,  about  25  gentlemen,  including  several  of  the  captains  of  ships  of  the  White  line,  and  the  principal  clerks  of  the  establishment,  dined  together  at  the  Wellington  Hotel.  Mr.  Rutherford  was  in  the  chair,  and  ably  conducted  the  festivities,  Mr.  Turley  being  vice-chairman.  After  the  usual  toasts,  the  chairman  proposed  the  health  of  Mr.  Pilkington,  and  his  fair  bride,  and  in  a  very  feeling  though  brief  speech  dwelt  upon  his  uniform  kindness,  and  that  of  the  firm,  towards  all  who  were  brought  into  connexion  with  them,  concluding  with  a  hearty  wish  for  the  happiness  and  long  life  of  the  newly  wedded  pair.  The  toast  was  enthusiastically  responded  to.  The  health  of  Mr.  Wilson  was  afterwards  given  and  drunk  with  equal  cordiality.  Several  other  appropriate  toasts  were  given,  and  the  evening  closed,  having  afforded  un unmingled  mingled unmingled  pleasure  to  all  present.  •  THE  EASTERN  QuEsnoN.---In  addition  to  the  meetings  about  to  take  place  in  London  and  Leicester,  it  is  stated  that  public  meetings  to  discuSs  the  Eastern  question,  are  about  to  be  called  in  Manchester  and  Wolverhampton.  EARLY  CLOSING.—Last  evening  an  adjourned  meeting  of  the  Hair  Dressers'  assistants  was  held  at  Mr.  Tate's  tavern,  Case-street,  and  a  resolution  was  passed  to  the  effect  that,  from  the  first  five  days  of  the  week,  the  hour  for  closing  should  be  7  o'clock,  p.m.,  .and  on  Saturday  night,  9  p.m.,  but  an  exception  was  made  with  respect  to  bail  nights,  when  the  wishes  of  the  employers  would  be  consulted,  and  no  overtime  charged.  This  resolution  was  to  be  communicated  to  the  employers,  and  the  meeting  was  adjourned  to  receive  their  reply.  GO  UXTY  COURT.-  g!P  E  RDA  BEFORE  JOSEPH  POLLOCK,  ESQ.  -JURY  CAST  fidt/014  I'9ll  DAMAGES  •  At  the  Sitting  of  f`A  Coitt  yesterday  at  ten  o'clock,  ayes  v:  Greenfield  and  Sorton,  i'vhich  Was  set  down  on  the  list  as  a  jury  case,  was  taken  up.  On  the  mines  of  the  dgrors  being  called  over,  Mr:  James  It.  Butler,  Fenwick-  JhailatUrg;  and  Mr.  George  Booker,  Rumford:place,  did  not  answer,  and  the  Court  - STYLE=superscript  directed  that  they  should  be  fined  40s.  each  for  non-attendance..  Comsel  on  both  sides  having  agreed  that  the  cause  might  be  tried  by  a  jurli  of  three,  the  following  gentlemen,  their  names  having  been  drawn  in  the  ballot,  --ere  iimannelled  :—James  J.  Ball,  11,  Fleury-streeti  John  Beckwith,  V;  North  Tower  Buildings  ;  and  James  Burt,  Canning-place,  North  Jehn;strcet:  Considerable  interest  attached  to  this  case,  not  only  frotA  the  respectability  Ot  the  RartieS  implicated,  but  from  the  fact  of  its  haftagt  heen  before  tee  inzbliG  pn  two  previons  occasions,  and  the  conflict'  ing  evidence  which  f  ilivolvcd:  It  came  first  before  Mr.  Mansfield,  at  the  Police  Office,  I:  criminal  charge  ;  but  that  gentleman  conceiving  that  there  was  uo  elOitios  intent,  dismissed  the  charge.  It  was  then  brought  befor'e  his  Honor,  in  this  Court,  by  way  of  civil  action,  to  recover  daina,ge  for  the  injury',done,  but  fromthe  contradictory  nature  Of  the  evidencei  hi§  flavour  was  unwilling  to  give  a  judg judgrhea,  rhea, judgrhea,  preferring  rather  that  the  facts  should  be  submitted  to  the  consideration  of  a  jury:  ,  The  Offence  WARI  .  alleged  to  have  been  committed  at  one  o'clock  in  the'  morning,  accord accordingly  ingly accordingly  the  time  beCame.ati  essential  question  in  the  matter.  When  sworn,  the  jury  left  to  vie*  the  premises,  and  on  their  return,  Sir  GEORG  ,  oTi  , STYLE=superscript  ntx,  instructed  by  Mr.  rentberton,  solicitor;  proceeded  to  state  the  ease  for  the  plaintiff.  lie  said,  that  though  the  origin  of  this  litigation  Was  confessedly  of  the  most  trifling  character,  yet,  he  couldnot  for  a  moment  :  deify  that  as  well  in  reference  to  the  party  whom  lie  repro.  sented,  as  to  the  Witnesses  who  had  been  called  on  both  sides,  it  was  a  matter  of  the  utmost  Impoi..yinee.  For  these  wit witnesses  nesses witnesses  were  precisely  in  that  class  of  life  in  - STYLE=superscript  which  character  dear  to  every  honest  man,  was  most  dear.  With  then  character  was  the  bread  of  life—their  whole  means  suba  sistcnce;  and  the  character  of  the  witnesses  in  this  action  or  of  many  of  them,  was,  undoubtedly,  deeply  involved  it  the  issue  before  the  jury.  The  t  history  of  the  case,was  some.  ifht  singular.  It  was  not  usual,  unless  in  courts  of  equity,  to  have  arre4iearing  befoic  ft  decision,  amid  in  theposition  Which  he  stood,  he  might  Ventufe  to  deviate  a  little  from  the  beaten  track,  he  Would  say  that  he  tendered  his  grateful  ad administration  ministration administration  to  the  judicious  spirit  which  had  f  in  this  in instance,  stance, instance,  thrown  back  upon  a  jurv,  that  Which  was  their  propel  business  i  theduty  of  investigating  facts:  With  thisshort  pre prelude,  lude, prelude,  he  would  go  into  the  facts  of  the  case  and  though  he  was  most  anxious  to  save  their  time,  and  save  the  time  of  the  public,  in  the  presenee  of  the  court,  yet  he  feared  that  he  should  trouble  them  at  saild  length.  On  the  evening  of  Tuesday,  the  31st  May,  there  was  a  Party  assembled  at  the  house  of  Mr.  Porter,  adjoining  the  spirit  yanits  of  Mr.  Sykes—  The  Courr  here  suggested  that  it  would  be  well  to  tel:  the  jury  that  thig  case  had  been  already  before  the  Court.  Sir  GEORGE  STEPHEN  replied  that  he  was  just  about  tc  do  so,  aria  order  the  witnesses  out  of  court.  (litre  the  wit witnesses,  nesses, witnesses,  who  numbered  absolutely  a  host,  were  ordered  out.  Counsel  then  detailed  the  facts  of  the  case  at  considerable  length  ;  but  it  is  unnecessary  for  us  to  do  so,  as  they  have  been  already  twice  before  the  public.  They  may,  however,  be  briefly  epitomised  by  stating,  that  on  the  evening.  of  the  31st  of  May,  a  party  were  drinking  at  Mr,  Porter's,  in  Great  Charlotte-st;  and  it  is  alleged  that  on  their  coining  out,  Mr.  Greenfield  and  Mr.  Sorton,  and  two  other  parties,  abstracted  from  Mr.  Sykes'  vaules,  Mr.  Greenfield  having  first  brekeil  the  plate  glass  window  with  his  elbow,  two  bottles  of  spirits  and  four  of  champagne.  The  occurrence  was  seen  by  a  watchman  named  Riley,  and  accordingly  the  case  mainly  depended  on  his  testimony.  We  merely  give  an  outline  of  the  evidence,  which  was  very  lengthy,  there  being  no  fewer  than  nine  witnesses  ex-  requested  mined  ror  the  plaintiff,  and  fifteen  for  the  defendants.  Mr.  Sykes  was  then  called,  and,  on  being  sworn  was  cx-  amined  by  Sir  George  Stephen.  He  stated  he  was  a  licensed  victualler,  and  lived  in  Great  Charlotte-street.  He  recol recollected  lected recollected  that  his  house  was  closed  on  the  31st  May,  with  the  exception  of  one  window  which  should  not  be  closed  on  ac account  count account  of  the  breaking  the  rope.  Witness  then  discribed  his  being  called  up  by  the  police  officer,  on  the  night  in  question,  and  his  discovering  the  loss  of  four  bottles  of  champagne,  which  were  abstracted  through  the  broken  glass.  Wit Witness  ness Witness  was  sure  that  he  saw  Greenfield  relieving  himself  on  that  night  near  the  market  house,  but  whether  he  came  from  Porter's  house  or  not  witness  could  not  say.  On  meeting  Greenfield  the  day  after  and  taxing  him  with  being  one  of  the  parties  who  broke  the  window  and  abstracted  the  wine,  the  latter  replied  we  were  all  and  appeared  somewhat  confused.  Witness  then  sent  for  a  policeman,  and  Riley,  who  was  sent  for  at  his  request,  identified  Green Greenfield  field Greenfield  in  his  presence.  Greenfield  made  no  observations  at  the  time,  but  in  witness's  absence  a  conversation  occurred  between  him,  the  constable,  and  the  bar-maid.  On  the  night  in  question,  after  he  had  been  called  up,  witness  directed  his  bar-maid  to  give  Riley  any  drink  he  miolat  choose_  _Riley_  said  that  one  of  the  parties  who  commitea  tho  offence  was  a  plasterer,  and  the  other  a  pawnbroker  residing  in  Dale-street  whose  names  he  did  not  know;  and  that  he  was  unacquainted  with  the  names  of  the  other  two  parties.  In  cross-exami cross-examination  nation cross-examination  by  Mr.  ASPINALL,  witness  further  stated  that  as  Green Greenfield  field Greenfield  was  going  to  Bridewell,  he  observed  that  he  had  never  been  there  before,  and  said  to  witness,  be  as  mild  as  you  Witness  was  examined  twice  before,  but  did  not  state  this,  not  having  recollected  it.  All  the  time  Green Greenfield  field Greenfield  was  speaking  to  witness,  he  appeared  to  be  but  half  lobe;  and  as  if  he  had  just  got  out  of  bed  after  a  night  of  It  was  about  half-past  one  o'clock,  or  twenty twentyfive  five twentyfive  minutes  to  two,  that  witness  was  called  up.  Christopher  Riley  was  the  next  witness  called.  He  stated  that  he  was  a  watchman  in  St.  John's  Market,  and  deposed  to  the  facts  as  set  forth  in  Counsel's  statement  ;  and  said  that  he  had  seen  Greenfield  on  the  night  of  the  31st,  about  eleven  o'clock,  when  he  came  out  of  Porter's  to  relieve  him himself.  self. himself.  At  that  time  Greenfield  had  no  carpet  bag.  In  cross crossexamination,  examination, crossexamination,  by  Mr.  Aspinall,  witness  stated  that  he  had  not  in  his  previous  examinations  mentioned  that  he  had  seen  Greenfield,  at  eleven  o'clock  on  the  night  of  the  31st.  He  did  not  do  so,  because  he  was  not  asked.  Mary  Murphy,  bar-maid  to  Mr.  Sykes,  was  then  ex examined,  amined, examined,  and  deposed  to  having  had  a  conversation  with  Greenfield,  on  the  evening  he  was  brought  into  the  vault  by  Mr.  Sykes.  Having  been  told  that  there  were  two  squares  of  glass  broken,  Greenfield  said,  that  was  all  I  did,  I  am  willing  to  pay  for  it  but  on  witness  stating  that  two  bottle§  of  spirits,  and  four  of  champagne,  had  been  also  taken,  Greenfield  made  no  reply.  Witness  further  deposed  that  Sorton  in  another  conversation  with  her,  admitted  that  they  were  very  tipsy  on  the  night  of  the  occurrence,  and  that  he  had  left  Porter's  about  one  o'clock  that  night.  On  cross-examination,  by  Mr.  Aspinall,  she  positively  swore  that  it  was  Greenfield  himself  who  said  he  was  willing,  to  pay  for  the  glass,  and  that  although  the  policeman  might  have  suggested  it,  she  did,  not  hear  him.  To  the  Court  :  Riley,  when  he  came  into  Mr.  Sykes'  to  take  the  drink,  was  perfectly  sober,  and  remained  there  only  a  few  minutes  each  time.  Robert  Smith,  chicken  butcher,  sworn  and  examined.  He  corroborated  the  statement  of  the  previous  witness,  as  to  the  expression  of  willingness  ,  by  Greenfield,  to  pay  for  the  glass,  and  his  admission  that  he  was  drunk  on  the  occasion.  On  cross-examination,  he  further  stated  that  he  heard  Slack,  the  policeman,  say,  after  Greenfield  had  made  the  remark,  that  he  would  pay  for  the  glass.  Police-officer  No.  279,  Joseph  Parker,  was  the  next  witness  called.—Riley  was  perfectly  sober  when  he  met  the  witness  on  the  night  in  question,  and  his  account  of  the  occurrence  was  thoroughly  clear  and  distinct.  Subse Subsequently,  quently, Subsequently,  when  he  met  him,  Riley  was  the  worse  for  drink,  but  his  account  was  still  clear.  Police-officer  No.  303,  James  Wilson,  on  being  sworn,  deposed  to  having  seen  Riley  go  over  the  railings  to  call  Mr.  Sykes,  and  that  he  was'then  perfectly  sober.  - STYLE=superscript  Police-officer  No.  220,  John  O'Neill  corroborated  the  previous  testimony.  This  closed  the  case  for  the  plaintiff.  Mr.  ASPINALL,  instructed  by  Mr.  Almond,  then  addressed  the  jury  on  the  part  of  the  defendants,  in  a  very  cogent  speech.  He  did  not  deny  that  Riley  was  in  a  respectable  position,  but,  when  it  became  a  question  of  character,  the  jury  should  remember  that  however  great  his  respectability  might  be,  it  was  by  no  means  comparable  to  that  of  the  defendants'.  Counsel  then  proceeded  to  review  the  case  in  every  phrase  of  its  probability,  and  observed  that  though  there  might  be  the  semblance  of  truth  in  the  charge,  if  it  were  merely  alleged  that  the  offence  had  been  committed  by  way  of  joke,  still  it  lost  all  force,  and  became  perfectly  absurd,  when  it  was  alleged  that  the  defendants,  having  drunk  one  bottle,  put  the  other  five  into  their  pockets  and  carried  them  to  their  homes.  Such  a  charge  lost  all  proba probability  bility probability  when  the  character  and  respectability  of  the  parties  were  for  a  moment  considered;  and,  therefore,  the  alterna alternative  tive alternative  was  the  _only  probability,  namely,  to  suppose  that  the  offence  had  been  committed  by  Riley  himself,  and  that  he  made  the  statement  involving  the  defendants  for  the  purpose  of  screening  himself.  In  conclusion,  counsel  stated  that  he  would  produce  the  defendants,  and  other  witnesses  who  had  no  interest  whatever  in  the  matter,  and  whose  evidence  would'completely  exonerate  them  of  the  offence  imputed  to  them.  '  Mr.  Sorton  was  then  examined,  and  positively  denied  that  he  had  been  present  at  the  breaking  of  Mr.  Sykes'  win window,  dow, window,  or  that  he  had  partaken  of  the  champagne,  or  that,  in  fact,  he  had  seen  Greenfield  at  all  that  night.  The  witness  was  cross-examined  at  some  length,  by  Sir  George  Stephen,  as  to  the  quantity  of  drink  which  he  had  taken  on  the  31st.  The  several  glasses  amounted  to  a  goodly  total,  but  the  wit witness  ness witness  alleged  that  he  was  merely  not  drunk.  (Laughter.)  Mr.  George  Taylor,  Fruiterer,  St.  John's  Market,  who  was  one  of  the  party  at  Porter's,  but  who  was  in  no  manner  involved  in  the  present  charge,  was  then  examined.  He  de deposed  posed deposed  to  having  parted  with  Mr.  Sorton  on  the  night  in  question  in  the  street  before  one  o'clock.  Inspector  Heyes  was  then  examined,  and  deposed  to  hav having  ing having  met  Mr.  Sorton  going  toward  his  home,  and  beyond  Mr.  Sykes's  some  five  minutes  before  one  o'clock  on  the  night  in  question.  Mr.  John  Greenfield,  the  other  defendant,  was  also  exa examined.  mined. examined.  He  said  he  was  'a  plasterer  and  bricklayer,  and  positively  swore  that  he  had  not  been  at  Mr.  Porter's  at  all  on  the  31st  May.  He  went  on  the  morning  of  that  day  to  Nesten,  and  returned  mess  the  ferry  Ant  10  o'clock  at  intoxication  night,  He  called  at  Mr,  Heatley's,  I  Lion,  London-road,  on  his  way  home,  residence  in  Chapel  abotit  11  o'cloc  ho  had  anythinq  to  do  with  the  breakin,  that  lie  had  said  to  Mr_  Sykes  that  114  for  it.  CI.  his  house  Mr.  Jo:  irned  h  )ss.exanliilation,  he  Mr.  Jicatley,  and  11  e,  were  then  exami  s  exam  of  Mrs,  Smith  Asa  II  o'clock  on  the  ni  seen  Greenfield  go  I  gilt  of  t  so  deposed  to  he]  11_  o'  .  cloCk,  and  t  Police-officer  Sla  Jig  been  sent  for  on  the  Ist  of  Ji  85041  on  being'  directed  by  Syl4  again  that  night  weil,  li  (the  officer)  said  perha  will  pay  for  It  upon  which  Gieenf  not  broken  it,  and  I  will  not  pay  for  it  A  number  of  other  witnesses  were  es  Flaunt,  but  their  eviden  the  defence  havi  ev's,  wltnc"
