text
"THE  WEST  INDIES  The  Royal  mail  steamship  Thames  arrived  at  Southanipton  on  Sundiiy  Morning  at  seven  o'clock,  bringing  the  usual  mails.  We  should  have  an announced  nounced announced  this  arrival  in  our  impression  of  yester yesterday,  day, yesterday,  had  it  not  been  that  our  telegraphic  despatch  was  delivered  by  mistake  to  a  contemporary  in  Castle-street.  Her  dates  are  Jamaica,  Sept.  10;  Trinidad,  Sept  10  ;  Montserrat,  Sept.  9;  Antigua,  Sept.  13  ;  St  Thomas7s,  Sept.  15;  and  Mexico;  Sept.:  3.  The  freight  on  -board  ;  includes  2;328,539  dollars  from  Mexico  and  Panama,  on  account  of  merchants  ;  also  81,000  dollars  of  Mexican  dividends;  and  103  Ounces  of  gold  dust.  From  Jamaica  there  is  very  little  news  of  iinportance.  A  large  and  influential  meeting  has  been  held  for  the  purpose  of  adopting  - STYLE=superscript  measures  for  the  carrying  on  more  effectually  the  mining  resources  of  the  country.  Resolutions  were  adopted,  and  arrangements  of  the  most  satis satisfactory  factory satisfactory  character  entered  into.  A  valedictory  address  has  been  ordered  to  be  presented  to  Sir  Charles  Grey,.  on  his  retirement  from  the  Governorship  of  Jamaica.  The  non nonarrival  arrival nonarrival  of  Sir  Henry  Barkly,  and  the  consequent  increased  delay  which  must  occur  in  the  settlement  of  financial  affairs,  will  have  the  effect  of  considerably  limiting  business  transactions.  Yellow  fever  still  continued  its  ravages,  but  its  effects  were  felt  more  amongst  the  newly  arrived  Europeans  thaai  the  in inhabitants  habitants inhabitants  of  the  island.  At  Granada,  Dominica,  and  Montserrat,  many  fatal  cases  had  also  occurred.  The  import  markets  at  Jamaica  had  been  over overstocked,  stocked, overstocked,  and  should  the  various  commodities  be  sold,  they  could  only  be  disposed  of  at  ruinous  prices—the  necessary  effect  of  reckless  specula speculation.  tion. speculation.  GAROTTE  ROBBERY.—A  man  named  Key,  was  garotted  on  Sunday  night,  and  robbed  of  7s.  6d.  whilst  pas passing  sing passing  the  corner  of  Moon-street  and  Down-street.  ROBBERY  FROM  A  LAUNDRESS'S  CART.—On  Sunday  evening,  a  basket  containing  a  large  quantity  of  clean  clothes.  the  property  of  the  Rev.  J.  L.  Pain,  Falkoner-street,  was  stolen  from  the  cart  of  the  rev.  gentleman's  laimdress,  whilst  it  was  standing  for  a  few  moments  in'London-road.  DEATH  BY  DROWNING.—A  boy  named  IHenry  Cooper,  of  Manchester,  aged  18  yeais,  and  who,  on  last  Friday,  wa:s  bound  apprentice  to  the  ship  lying  in  the  Stanley  dock,  and  now  ready  for  sea,  was  unfortu unfortunately  nately unfortunately  drowned  on  Sunday  night  in  the  canal  or  cut  ad adjoining  joining adjoining  the  dock.  The  mate,  Robert  M`Calmont,  saw  the  boy  go  ashore  about  half-past  seven  o'clock  on  the  evening  of  the  occurrence  ;  he  also  observed  him  returning,  but,  unhappily,  mistaking  the  ship,  and  not  being  aware  of  the  proximity  of-  the  cut,  he  ran  past  her,  and  in  a  moment  was  precipitated  into  the  water.  Every  effort  was  made  to  save  him,  but  in  vain  ;  the  body_wasAaken  out  alniut  half  an  hour  afterwards,  but  the  vital  spark  had-fled.  MANCHESTER  ASSOCIATION  FOR  THE  PRESERVATION  OFANCIENT  FOOT-PATHS.—Yestorday  afternoon,  at  half-past  3  o'clock,  a  Meeting  of  the  Committee  of  the  Manchester  Association  for  the  Preservation  of  Ancient  Foot-paths,  was  held  in  one  of  the  Committee  Rooms,  of  the  Town  Mall,  King  Street.  There  was  a  very  limited  attendance.  In  the  absence  of  the  President  of  the  Association,  Mr.  R.  T.  Walker  was  unanimously  called  to  the  chair.  The  Secretary,  Mr.  Samuel  Cottam,  of  Brazenose  Street,  amongst  other  things  stated  that  he  had  written  to  Didsbury  respecting  the  putting  up  of  some  stumps  at  Northen,  which  were  con considered  sidered considered  an  obstruction.  Since  writing  he  had  heard  nothing  further  about  the  matter.—  The  Secretary  also  stated  that  he  had  received  from  Sir  John  Potter,  the  sum  of  £ll3  10s.  the  balance  of  the  Flixton  Appeal  account,  with  interest,  which  he  had  deposited  in  the  Bank  of  Sir  Benjamin  Heywood.  Cottam  said  he  found  very  much  to  his  amazment,  that  there  was,  at  the  Bank,  in  favour  of  the  Association,  a  balance  which  together  with  the  sum  he  had  received  from  Sir  John  Potter,  made  the  amount  standing  at  the  credit  of  the  Society  ?  £248  Os.  3d.  The  Secretary  resolved  that  in  consequence  of  a  statement  having  been  made  that  a  foot-path  at  Pendleburgh  had  been  obstructed  by  Mr.  Hutchinson,  he  had  written  to  that  gentleman  on  the  subject.  Since  then,  Mr.  Hutchinson  had  called  upon  him  (Mr.  Cottam),  and  stated  that  he  had  not  altered  the  original  foot-path,  but  that  he  had  made  an  additional  one.  The  public  were  permitted  to  use,  not  only  the  old,  but  the  new  foot-path,  and  from  all  that  had  yet  taken  place,  they  .  seemed  to.  prefer  the  new  path.  No  inconvenience  was  in  any  way  caused  to  the  inhabitants  by  the  formation  of  the  new  road.  —The  Chairman  was  requested,  and  agreed;  to  direct  his  attention  to  some  -alteration  pro proposed-to  posed-to proposed-to  be  made  in  a  foot-path,  leading  from  Newton  Heath  to  Clayton,  and  to  report  progress  thereon---The  Secretary  stated  that  he  had.  sent  to  the  proper  quarter  a  communica communication  tion communication  respecting  on  encroachment-  at  Heaton  and  Norris,  caused  by  the  railway  authorities,  not  making  an  arch-way  in  the  proper  place,  so  as  to  allow  the  path  now  stopped  up,  to  pass  under  the  railway.  It  was  stated  that  the  subject  is  to  be  brought  under  the  consideration  of  the  railway  directors.---After  a  short  conversation,  the  Secretary  was  instructed  to  write  to  Mr  Holt,  a  farmer  at  Heaton  Norris,  and  to  request  him  to  put  in  proper  condition'  the  portion  of  a  foot-path,  which  he  has  ploughed  up  in  one  of  the  fields  he  occupies.  It  haiing  been  ascertained,  that  the  Local  Board  of  Health,  of  Rosholme,  had  given  instructions  for  the  division  of  a  foot-path  in  Birch  Lane,  Rosholme,  a  de deputation,  putation,- deputation,  consisting  of  Messrs.  Walker,  Megson,  and  Cottam,  was  appointed  to  watch  sthe•  proposed'  alterations,  and  to  take  such  steps  thereon  as  might  be  by  them  deemed  expedient."
