text
"SALFORD  TO  IVN.COgiva.-SZECIAL  MEET.=  A  special  meeting  of  the  Salford  town  council  was  held  hi  the  council  chamber,  town-hall,  Belford,  on  Wednesday,  when  his  worship  the  mayor,  (William  Ross,  Esq.,)  presided.  The  TOWN  CLznx  read  a  report  from  the  general  pur purposes  poses purposes  committee,  in  which  they  propose  to  introduce  to  parliament  a  bill  to  authorise  the'  appointment  andl•emu andl•emunerate  nerate andl•emunerate  a  stipendiary  magistrate  for  Manchester  district  and  for  clerks  to  the  magistrates  of  Manchester  and  Salford.  The  Manchester  clerk  to  have  £5OO  a  year,  'and  1  guinea  a  day  while  attending  sessions.  Report  received  and  en entered  tered entered  on  the  minutes.  STIPENDIARY  JUSTICE  FOR  THE  DIVISION  OF  MANCHESTER.  The  council  proceeded  to  consider  the  draft  of  a  bill  making  provision  for  the  appointment  and  remu remuneration  neration remuneration  of  a  stipendiary  justice  for  the  division  of  Man Manchester,  chester, Manchester,  and  of  c  l  er  k  s  t  o  such  justice,  and  the  justices  for  the  borough  of  Salford,  and  for  other  purposes.  In  answer  to  a  question  put  to  him,  the  town  clerk  stated  that  the  quota  of  the  stipendiary  magistrates'  salary  payable  by  the  borough  of  Salford  would  be  £420.  Mr.  Councillor  GENDALL  . STYLE=superscript  moved  a  resolution  to  the  effect  that  the  copy  of  the  bill  read  be,  approved  of,  ate'  adopted  by  the  council.  Mr.  Councillor  SANKEY  seconded  the  resolution,  an  i  after  a  short  conversation  it  was  agreed  to.  On'  the  motion  of  Mr.  WRIGLEY  ,  seconded  by  Mr.  PFaxarr,  the  council  Unanimously  adopted  a'  petition  to  the  House  of  Commons  for  leave  to  bring  in  the  said  bill,  and  the  common  seal  of  the  corporation  was  ordend  to  be  affixed  thereto.  APPOINTMENT  OP  INSPECTOR  OP  LODGING-HOUSES.  -  •  Mr.  Edward  Longbottori;  police-constable,  wavappointed  inspector  of  common',lodging-houses,  in  the  - STYLE=superscript  room  of  Mr.  Tattersall,  - STYLE=superscript  appOintell  police'  inspector  of  the  borough.  ESTIMATES  FOR  BOROUGH  RATE.  The  financ.a.cammittee-made  -the  follewing  report,  in  reference  to  the  catimutea  for  the,borough  rate  :  The  several  committee&amp;  having  the  expenditure  of  the  borough  fund  .4Fs.  privaqd.an,,estimate  of  their  probable  expenditure'  from  - STYLE=superscript  November  _9th,  1853,  to  August  31(35  1854,  a  summary  of,  which  is  appended  hereto.  The  esti estimates  mates estimates  are  ten  months  ;  .and  the  ordinary  expendi expenditure  ture expenditure  amounts  to  £7,906118.  10d.,  tO  which  is  added  the  total  cost  of  obtaining  the  borough  extension  act,.  1853,  amount amounting  ing amounting  to  4,919  25.,.  Making  together  X12,825'135:  10d.:  from  - STYLE=superscript  which  is  deducted  100,'  the  estimat  e  d  b  a  l  ance  of  assets  in  debts  of  Noiember  9th,  leaving  the  balance  X  12,725  13s.  10d..  .th'be:made  up  by  a  boiough  - STYLE=superscript  rate.  -Your  committee  have,  therefore,  to  recommend  the  council  to  order  a  borough  rate  to  be  laid  to  raise  that  amount.  The  borough  rate  this'  year  will  extend  for.  the  first  time  over  the  whole  of  the  dis districts  tricts districts  inclUded  in  the  Salford  borough  extension  act,  1853  ;  and  it  is  satisfactory  to  your  committee  to  observe  that  the  total  estimated  ordinary  expenditure  for,  the  ten  months  is  only  equal  to  about  51d.  in  the  pound  on  the  gross  annual  value  of  property  in  the  borough  (say  £322,000,)  or  the  pbundlor  the  year.  •  Summary  of  the  borough  estim  a  t  e  ,  f  or  t  en  months  ending,  August  31st,  1854.  Estimated  'nett  expenditure.  '  £2,040  6  8  4,348  10  0  712  4  0  805  11  2  The  finance  committee  Watch  committee  Park  committee  .  .  .  Museum  and  library  committee  .  ~  £7,906,  11  10  Expenses  of  obtaining:the  Salford  borough  extension  act,  1853  £12,825  13  10  Less  estimated  balance  of  assets  in  debts  at  November  9th,  .1853  100  0  0  £12,725  13  10  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  Councillor  AINSWORTH,  seconded  by  Mr:Councillor.  LOFTHOUSE,  the  report  was  ordered  to  be  entered  in  the  minutes  of  the  council's  prOceedinas.  .  Mr.  Alderman  MAIFD  EN  moved  that  .  the  sum  of  £12,825  13s.  10d.  be  raised  by.borough•rate  for  the  period  between  the  9th  of  November,  1863,  to  the  3lst  of  August,  1854.  The  worthy  alderman  went  into  a  financial  statement  which  was  founded  ,upon  the  report  of  the  committee.  The  gross  amount  of  the  rate  was  £12,825  1113.  10d.  of  which  £7906  lls.  10d.  was  for  the  ordinary  bo  roug  h-  ra  t  e  ,  b  e  i  ng  5  9-10  per  pound,  and  the  expense  consequent  upon  obtain obtaining  ing obtaining  the  Incorporation  Bill  was  £4919  2e.'':The  rate  would  be  .9  5-10  per  .pound.  •  The  assessment  of  the  entire  borough  was  £322,000.  The  assessment  for  Salford  alone  was  £195,000,  and  its  proportion  would  , STYLE=superscript  be,  therefore,  £7767  2s.  2d.  ;  ,  the  assessment  of  Pendleton  was  £68,000,  and  its  proportion  would  •be  £2708  14,  - STYLE=superscript  ;9d.-;  the  assess assessment  ment assessment  of  Broughton  was  £57,000,  and  its  .proportion  would  be  £2270  78.  Bd.  ;  the  assessment  of  Pendlebtkry  was  £2OOO,  and  its  proportion  would  be  £79  13s.  2s:  — STYLE=superscript  The  rate  virtu virtually  ally virtually  was  9  5-10  per  pound,  but  the  oveiseers  of  Salford  would  have  to  lay  a  rate  of  13d.  in  the.'pountl,  but  there  generally  was  in  Salford  a  deficiency  of  - STYLE=superscript  25  per  cent.,  in  consequence.of  there  being  so  large  a  quantity  of  cottage  prOperty.  In  Broughton,  where  the  depreciation  of  pro property  perty property  was  not  so  great  as  in  Salford,  the  rate  would  be  100.  in  the  pound.  Mr.  Councillor  Lorrnousu  seconded  the  motion.  Mr.  Councillor  PELL=  expressed  regret  that  in  the  dim'  , STYLE=superscript  charge  of  his  duty  he  should  do  anything  that  was  calculated  to  create  disunion  in  the  council,  but  he  objected  to  the  payment  by  Salford  of  the  cost  of  the  opposition  to  the  Incorporation  Bill.  The  proportion  of  the  cost  of  that  opposition  set  down  to  Salford  was  o,oo',  'against  payMent  of  which  he  strongly  protested,  nainitig  as  in  amendinent  that  that  amount  be  expunged  from  the  estimate.  •  .  Mr.  Councillor  GBNDALL  seconded  the  amendinent.  A  discussion  followed  in  which'  Messrs.•  Cawley,  Myers  and  others  .took.part,  and  the  •  - STYLE=superscript  opinion  generally  en entertained  tertained entertained  was,  that  the  motion  be  withdrawn,:;  and  thus  unanimity  maintained  in  the  council.  Eventually  the  amendment  was  withdrawn,  and  the  original  motion  carried.  •  Mr:  Alderman  WANXLYN  congratulated  the  council  on.  coming  to  the  decision  they  had  done  in  a  harmonious  spirit.  PAVING  AND  SOUGHLNG.  The  Salford  district  paving  and  - STYLE=superscript  soughing  committee,  presented  a  report  of  the  ordinary  character,  which.  was  ap approved  proved approved  of  and  adopted.  MANAGEMENT  OF  THE  FIRE  BRIGADE.  It  was  resolved  and  unanimously  agreed  to,  that  the  Sal Salford  ford Salford  district  and  t  own  h  a  ll  comm  ;tt  ee  ,  should  undeitake  the  the  entire  control  and  management  of  the  fire  engines  and  fire  department.  The  council  then  broke  up.:  POLICE  COURTS.-YE  STE  RDAY.  MANCHESTER.  DESERTION'  Or  A.  WIFE  Iltith3AND.  —Yesterday,  al  the  city  police  court,  an  eld,  - STYLE=superscript  3rly  man,  named  James  Hig Higgine,  gine, Higgine,  was  charged  with  deserting  hi  s  w  if  e  and'  family,'  Who,  had  beconie  chargeable  to  the  palish.  The  wife  was  called  and  stated  that  she  had  seen  her  husband,  Who  is  a  painter,  only  once  for  four  or  five  months,  and  that  daring  that  time  she  had  received  nothing  from  him.  The  prisoner  said  that  .he  was  unfit  for  work.  It  was  stated  in  reply,  bower  er,  '  that  he  was  quite  able  to  work,  that  he  had  been  workinc  , STYLE=superscript  at  Oldham,  and  that  he  had  apent  his  earnings  in  drink.  He  was  commited  to  prison  for  a  month.  'ROBBERY  of  Toor.s.---tA  slater  Joltn  Wall  was  placed  in  the  dock  charged  with  having  stolen  a  box  con con;  ; con;  taining  a  quantity  of  joiners  tools,  the  property  of  Lavvrence  Wood,  joiner.  The  prosecutor  stated  that  he  went  into  the  Volunteer  vaults,  on  Saturday  fortnight:  Ile  had  not  been  long  there  'When  he  missed  his  bass  containing  tools.  Last  Monday  he  Met  a  bricklayer  who  pointed  ,out  the  prisoner  to  him  as  the  party  who  took  the  bass.  The  prisoner  ad admitted  mitted admitted  to  him  that  he  had  stolen  the  tools.---The  occupier  of  a  beer-house  in'  Henry-street;,  William  Andrews,  stated  that  on  Monday  fortnight  the  prisoner  came  into  his  house,  stated  that  he'  had  just  arrived  from  Patricroft,  and  asked  him  if  would  advance  half-a-crown  upon  the  tools.  He  stated  that'lie  'had  no  objection,  and  advanced  the,  money.'  The  next  morning  he  came  to  his  house  with  another  man,  who  looked.  at  the  tools  and  said  they  were  the  worst  he  had  seen.  The  prisoner  then  asked  witness  if  he  would  give  him  another  half-crown  for  the  tools  out  and  out.  To  This  he  assented.  Mr.  Maude  cautioned  the  beer-house-keeper  against  buying  tools'  again  under  such  circumstances.  The  tools,  which  were.  taken  from  the  beer-house,  were  produced  in  court,  and  identified  by  the  prosecutor  as  his  property.  The  prisoner  was  .fully  committed,  to  take  his  trial  at  the  next  sessions.  AN  UN-ENOLISU  Assltuvr.--Christopher  .Brody,  a  hawker,  was  -charged  with  attempting  to  stop.  Michael  Ken Kennedy,  nedy, Kennedy,  a  warehouse  Man,  'on  the  previous  afternoon,  AS  he  and  his  wife  were  on  tfteir  way.home•  to  Clieetham.  The  prosecutor  stated  that  as  they  were  going  home  the  prisoner  with  two  other  men,  followed  them,  abused  them  in  the  most  violent  manner,  and  that  eventually  . STYLE=superscript  Brady  drew  a  dagger  'from'  au  umbrella,  with  which  he  attempted  to  stab  -  A  witness,  named  Dwerryhouse,  stated  that  he  heard  the  complainant  call  the  defendant  a  swindler,  uPon  which  the  latter  drew  a  dagger  from  an;  umbrella,  and  said,  I  will  let  you  know  whether  I  am  a  swindler  or  and  at attempted  tempted attempted  to  stab  him.  It  appeared  •that  there  had  been  bad  blood  between  the'  parties  for  some  considerable  length  of  time,  and  that  legal  proceedings  had.  taken  place  ,between  them._:  Mr..  Maude  severely  reprinemded•  the  un-English'  conduct  he  had  indulged  in,  'of  drawing  the  weapon  referred  to,  and  told  him  that  h  a  d  h  e  d  one  a  li  tt  l  e  M  ore;  '  he  would  I  have  sent  him  to  take  his  trial  at  the  assizes.  To  find  two  sureties  in  £l5  eachto  keep  the  peace.  CARELESS  Ditivt..vo.  - STYLE=superscript  --:-At  the  Manchester  city  police  court,  yesterday,  two  persons,'  named  William  Nicholl  and  James  Houghton,  were  each  fined  in  ten  shillings,  and  costs;  for  being  in  a.  state  of  intoxication  'white  in•charge  of  a  van,  in  consequence  of  which  they  ran  over  a  lady  in  Brook Brookstreet,  street, Brookstreet,  who  was  seriously  injured.  The  defendants  were  in informed  formed informed  that  an  action  at  law  could  be  '  raised  against  them  to  recover  compensation  in  damages  fo-  the  injuries  the  lady  had  sustained  through  their  gross  negligence.  femild,  named  Ellen  Amblett,  was  charged  at  the  city  police-court,  yesterday,  with  assaulting  Mrs.  Allen,  broker,  Great  Ancolits-street.  -The  assauit„which  was  a'savage  one,'  was  wholly  unprovoked,  and  it  having  been  clearly  made  out,  the'iritistratei  finecr  the  defendant,  and  costs,  or  in  default  to  be  imprisoned  for  one  month.  TIMBER-STEALING.  —,Joseph  - STYLE=superscript  Goodnum  and  Joseph  Woodier  who  Were  brought  up  at  the  'police-court,  yesterday,  on  a  re remand,  mand, remand,  were  committed  to  take  their  trial  at  the  sessions,  on  a  charge  of  having  stolen  from  a  wharf  at  Castlefield,  three  logs  of  wood,  the  property  of  Mr.  Tristram."
