text
"POLICE  COURT.-YESTERDAY.  David  Marshall  was  charged  with  being  on  board  of  a  Spanish  ship  now  lying  in  George's  dock,  under  very  suspicious  circumstances.  Police-officer  243  stated,  about  half-past  twelve  o'clock  the  previous  night  he  heard  the  captain  of  the  vessel  calling  for  assistance,  and  upon  going  on  board  the  vessel  he  found  the  prisoner  in  the  cabin,  an  asso associate  ciate associate  having  made  his  escape  before  he  could  be  apprehended.  The  captain  of  the  vessel,  through  an  interpreter,  stated  he  found  the  prisoner  in  the  cabin,  but  nothing  had  been  re removed  moved removed  therefrom,  nor  had  any  of  the  locks  been  broken.  The  prisoner  when  detected  pretended  to  be  drunk,  but  was  in  fact,  perfectly  sober.  He  having  been  already  seven  times  before  convicted,  the  magistrate,  Mr.  Earle,  said  he  was  sorry  that  be  had  not  taken  something  from  the  ship  that  he  might  be  sent  out  of  the  country,  and  committed  him  to  prison  for  three  months.  A  BROTHEL  ROBBERY.—David  Hogan  was  charged  with  stealing  three  sovereigns  and  a  coat,  the  property  of  a  sailor,  at  a  house  near  Tithebarn-street.  It  appeared  that  the  sailor  had  accompanied  a  girl  to  the  house  adjoining  that  in  which  the  prisoner  lived,  and  upon  his  waking  up  he  missed  the  coat  and  the  money  from  his  pocket.  Police  officer  505,  stated  he  found  the  coat  concealed  in  the  prisoner's  house.  For  the  defence  it  was  alleged  that  a  young  man,  who  had  accompanied  the  prosecutor  with  another  girl,  and  who  had  been  in  both.ho  uses,  had  left  it  there,  but  this  statement  was  most  positively  denied  by  the  young  man.  A  witness  was  called  to  prove  the  fact,  but  he  failed  in  satisfying  the  bench,  and  the  prisoner  was  committed  for  one  month.  STEALING  PROVISIONS.—Fran  Thomas  was  charged  with  stealing  81bs.  of  bacon  and  two  loaves  of  bread,  from  a  shop  in  Titchfield-street.  The  prisoner,  quite  a  lad,  was  detected  with  the  property  in  his  possession,  and  having  been  repeat repeatedly  edly repeatedly  before  the  court,  was  committed  for  three  months.  STEALING  A  SHAWL.—Catherine  Colborne  was  charged  with  stealing  a  shawl,  the  property  of  Mrs.  Gordon,  of  Scotland-road.  It  appeared  that  the  prisoner,  in  the  early  part  of  the  preceding  day,  had  borrowed  the  shawl  from  the  prosecutrix,  and  upon  returning  it  was  asked  to  have  tea.  Shortly  after  Mrs.  Gordon  left  the  house,  and  when  she  went  back  again  the  prisoner  was  standing,  ready  to  take  her  departure.  About  nine  o'clock  she  missed  the  shawl,  which  she  afterwards  discovered  had  been  pledged  by  the  prisoner  at  a  pawn-shop  in  Scotland-road.  Committed  for  ten  days  fur  illegally  pawning  the  shawl.  Several  abandoned  females,  who  had  been  given  into  the  custody  of  the:police,  were  discharged,  the  complaining  par parties  ties parties  not  appearing  against  them.  Corresponisenre.  POLICE  ESPIONAGE.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  SIR,—If  I  ask  you  to  permit  me  to  expose  what  I  am  sure  every  honest  man  will  concur  in  desig designating  nating designating  a  grievance  and  a  wrong  ;  it  is  not  so  much  to  complain  of  an  injustice  as  to  expose,  and,  I  hope,  to  aid  in  correcting,  a  system  under  which  trade  suffers,  and  morality  is  not  improved.  On  Sunday  last,  two  policemen,  in  the  guise  of  railway  travellers,  accompanied  by  a  boy  who  carried  two  carpet  bags,  visitec  l STYLE=superscript  my  house  in  William•street.  The  hour  was  be,,xeen  eleven  and  twelve  o'clock,  a.m.  Having  been  admitted,  they  called  for  refreshment.  I  asked  them  what  they  I  would  have—tea  with  chops  or  steaks  ?  After  a  glance  from  one  to  the  other,  one  of  them  replied  that  they  would  have  two  glasses  of  ale.  To  this  I  replied  that  I  could  not  serve  ale  until  after  one  o'clock,  p.m.  But  when  those  persons  found  that  they  could  not  be  served  with  ale,  they  declared  they  would  have  no  other  refreshment,  and  left  the  house.  I  did  not  know  these  men  at  the  time  ;  but  I  have  since  found  they  were  detectives  in  disguise.  About  a  month  previously,  two  of  the  same  body  came  to  my  house  at  night,  and  finding  the  window  of  the  tap-room  open,  the  one  raised  and  pushed  the  other  through,  who  entered  the  house  in  that  fashion,  of  course  to  see  whether  any  person  was  drinking  inside.  Sir,  I  am  sure  you  will  agree  with  me  that  this  system  of  espying  after  illegality,  and  tempting  into  a  breach  of  the  law,  is  opposed  to  justice  as  well  as  to  all  our  habits,  and  that  you  will  allow  me  through  your  columns  to  say  that  our  borough  council  owe  it  to  an  important  body,  who  pay  heavy  and  peculiar  burthens,  to  relieve  them  from  this  grievance.—l  am,  yours  respectfully,  WILLIAM  ICIAEON.  William-street  THE  POST  OFFICE.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  Liverpool,  25th  November,  1853.  Sir,—l  sent  my  clerk  to  the  chief  Post-office  to today  day today  to  buy  either  ta  shilling  stamp  or  six  two twopenny  penny twopenny  ones.  The  answer  he  received  was  that.  they  had  neither  the  one  nor  the  other  !  This  beautiful  specimen  of  management  in  a  public  de department  partment department  deserves  public  notice  and  censure.  Yours,  S.  G.  [The  notice  and  of  which  our  corres.  pondent  speaks,  and  in  which  everybody  will  concur  the  case  deserves,  will  be  accomplished  by  the  in insertion  sertion insertion  of  his  brief  note.—En.  N.  D.  T.]"
