text
"NORTH  AND  EAST  LANCASHIRE.—For  ADVERTISING  in  this  portion  of  the  County  of  Lancaster  the  most  eligible  medium  is  the'  PRESTON  GUARDIAN.  The  last  parliamentary  returns  show  that  The  GUARDIAN  circulates  .  .  .  5,019  copies  weekly.  The  in  paper  next  in  circulation  pub published  lished published  North  or  East  Lancashire  ..1,211  ditto.  Charges  for  advertising:  four  lines,  or  thirty  words,  ls.  6d.,  prepaid  ;  eight  lines,  or  sixty  words,  2s.  prepaid.  No  adver advertisements  tisements advertisements  on  credit  under  28.  6d.  each.  _______  QUARTERLY  CONTRACT  CHARGES.  13  insertions  2  lines  13  ditto  4  lines  13  ditto  6  lines.  13  ditto  8  lines.  13  ditto  10  lines  .  22s.  do.  13  ditto  12  lines  .  Remittances,  £1  and  under,  may  be  made  in  postage  stamps  •  a  b  o  ve  that  sum  by  po  s  t-  o  ffi  ce  or  d  er  ,  p  a  y  a  bl  e  t  o  J.  and  'W.  Livesey.  The  Guardian  is  published  every  Saturday  morning,  in  time  for  dispatch  by  the  early  mails.  —  Office,  8,  Cheapside,  Market-place,  Preston.  NTOR  TH  LANCASHIRE.—ADVERTISEMENTS  111  intended  to  be  read  by  the  Gentry  and  other  Inhabitants  of  North  Lancashire  should  appear  in  the  PRESTON  CHRONICLE.  Having  been  established  above  forty  years,  it  enjoys  a  large  circulation  among  all  classes.  Its  scale  of  charges  for  Advertisements  is  moderate,  having  been  reduced  since  the  abolition  of  the  Advertisement  Duty.  wh  e  n  pre-paid,  which  can  be  done  by  postage  stamps,  Advertisements  of  4  lines,  or  30  words,  are  inserted  for  ls.  6d.,  and  8  lines,  or  60  words,  for  2s.—Published  every  Saturday  morning,  at  23,  Fishergate,  Preston.  MORNING-  'POSI  LONDON  DAILY  NEWSPAPER  In  consequence  of  the  repeal  of  the  Advertisement  Duty  the  MORNING  POST  charges  will  be  on  the  followini  reduced  and  reasonable  scale  :  _  Tradesman's  Advertisements,  five  lines  and  under  Every  addional  line  Servants'  Advertisements,  Four  Lines  A  corresponding  reduction  is  made  in  all  other  classes  o  advertisements.  For  a  series  of  Advertisements  for  the  Year,  Half-year,  or  Quarter,  contracts  may  be  made  on  a  moderate  reduction  of  the  scale  price.  As  a  medium  for  Advertisements,  the  MORNING  POST  offers  the  greatest  advantages  for  the  speedy  and  extensive  publicity  of  all  announcements  addressed  to  the  affluent  and  purchasing  portion  of  the  community,  especially  the  nobility,  gentry,  and  monetary  interests  of  the  country.  The  circulation  of  this  long-established  Journal,  embraces  the  most  influential  classes  of  society—the  Political,  the  Aristocratic  )  and  the  Commercial.  -  A  consistent  Advocate  of  Conservative  Progress,  and  Con Con  stitutional  Liberty—whilst  it  maintains  strongly  Estab Established  lished Established  Principles,  In  Church  and  State—it  constantly  seeks  out  error,  and  promotes  its  reformation.  It  contains  the  FULLEST  and  LATEST  intelligence  of  every  description,  whether  POLITICAL,  COMMERCIAL,  CLERICAL,  LEGAL,  or  FASHIONABLE,  with  all  news  relating  to  ARTS,  SCIENCES,  and  LITERATURE.  Experience  has  shown  that  the  MORNING  POST  possesses  by  far  the  most  reliable  information  on  every  important  poli-  ti  j STYLE=superscript  cal  subject  of  the  day.  In  its  FOREIGN  InkrErmaisici  especially,  it  has  been  distinguished  by  remarkable  rapidity  and  by  the  accuracy  of  its  information,  derived  from  the  bes  sources,  Combining  with  its  Political  features,  ALL  THE  NEWS  0  THE  DAY,  down  to  the  latest  hour  of  going  to  press  cad  morning,  it  has  long  enjoyed  a  circulation  and  reputatio:  essentially  European.  Wellington-street  North,  Strand,  August  27,  1853.  CONSULT  the  Old  Medical  Practitioner  for  the  speedy  and  effectual  cure  of  every  Stage  and  symptom-of  Nervous  Debility,  Depression  of  Spirits,  Indiges Indigestion  tion Indigestion  Delusions  of  the  mind,  Skin  Diseases,  &amp;c.  &amp;c.,  Messrs.  LEWIS  &amp;  CO.,  Consulting  Surgeons,  44,  NELSON  STREET,  GEORGE'S  SQUARE,  LrvEnpooL,  where  the  afflicted  may  apply  with  confidence,  as  we  have  had  32  years  successful  practice  in  all  the  above  diseases.  Hours  of  Attendance,  from  9  in  the  morning  till  9  at  night,  and  Sundays  from  9  till  2.  Private  entrance  to  the  Surgery,  1,  Bailey  St.  off  Grenville  street.  Dn.  LEWIS'S  Medical  Work,  Price  ls.,  or  free  by  Post  ls.  6d.,  can  be  had  from  the  Authors  Residence,  44,  Nelson  areet,  Great  George's  Square,  Liverpool,"
