text
"current  than  a  thoroUghfare  for  pedestrians.  On  the  Parade  large  quantities  of  clay  and  gravel  were  collected  tOgethei  by  the  flood,  and  in  other  parts  the  paying  was  completely  ripped  up.  The  land  lalong  .  .the  Western  Road,  on  both  sides,  as  far  as  Carrigrohan  as  still  under  water  ;  and  the  south  road  to  Macroom  is  rendered  impassible,  owing  to  the  collection  of  rubbish  and  the  many  chasms  that  have  been  made  in  it  by  the  inundation.  A  portion  of  the  wall  along  the  Dyke  has  been  swept  away;  and  the  ditches  and  hedges  in  the  fields  near  the  Dyke,  have  all  been  levelled.  The  Carrigrohan  bridge  has  suffered  some  slight  injury,  and  would,  in  all  probability,  have  been  carried  away,  were  it  not  that  the  wall  and  road  on  this  side  were  swept  away,  and  thereby  a  vent  was  given  to  the  immense  volume  of  water  that  passed  on  the  bridge.  The  Lee  bridge  appears  to  have  sustained  no  injury.  It  is  estimated  that  the  danger  done  to'  Messrs.  Perrott's  concern  will  alone  amount  to  £6OO  ;  and  that  the  men  employed  in  this  extensive  foundry  will  '—,  able  to  commence  any  ,  for  the  next  fort fortnight.  night. fortnight.  At  one  period  of  - STYLE=superscript  the  day,  the  flood  rose  to  over  five  feet  in  the  foundry.  This  morning  ihe  city  magistrates  '  accompanied  by  Mr.  Tracy,  the  county  surveyor  for  the  Wdst  Riding,  Mr.  Alex Alexander  ander Alexander  Deane,  and  sub-inspector,  Walker,  visited  Patrick's  Bridge,  and  after  minutely  inspecting  it,  Mr.  Tracy  and  Mr.  Deane  both  pronounced  it  unsafe  even  for  foot-passen foot-passengers,  gers, foot-passengers,  and  directed  that  barriers  should  be  at  once  erected  to  prevent  persons  passing  over  it.  They  also  inspected  the  North  Gate  Bridge  which  they  considered  sufficiently  strong  for  the  additional  ;raffle.  Guards  of  constabulary  were  sta stationed  tioned stationed  all  night  and  all  day  at  Patrick's  Bridge;  and  strict  orders  have  been  issued  by  the  magistrates  to  prevent  all  persons  passing.over._  A  large  meeting  of  magistrates  was  held  to-day  for  the  purpose  of  adopting  measures  for  the  immediate  relief  of  those  poor  people  living  in  the  lanes  and  off  streets  on  the  marsh,  and  north  and  south  Main-streets,  whose  little  all  has  been  destroyed.  It  was  resolved  that  they  should  be  at  once  supplied  with  bedding  and  coals  ;  and,  we  understand,  it  is  intended  to  convene  a  public  meeting  of  the  citizens  for  an  early  day,  to  originate  subscriptions  for  the  more  effectual  relief  of  those  poor  persons.  Up  to  the  present  hour—three  o'clock,  the  police  have  re received  ceived received  the  names  of  but  two  persons  who  are  missing  site°  yesterday—they  are  Mary  Lynch  and  Catherine  Daly,  both  of  Brown-street.  The  police  of  the  Silver  Spring  station  picked  up  a  cloak  and  white  straw  bonnet  trimmed  with  blue,  out  of  the  river  this  morning.  The  bridge  leading  from  the  Western-road  into  the  County  Jail  and  Queen's  College  has  sustained  serious  injury  one  of  the  buttresses  is  completely  broken  ;  a  large  crack  extends  from  one  side  to  the  other  at  each  end.  One  of  the  turnkeys  has  been  stationed  at  it  all  day  to  warn  persons  from  passing  it.  MALLOW  :—On  Wednesday  the  Blackwater  suddenly  over  flowed  its  banks,  and  carried  away  cattle,  corn,  and  even  some  human  beings,  but  the  loss  has  not  yet  been  ascer ascertained.  tained. ascertained.  Yesterday  morning  the  flood  was  on  the  decline.  FERMOY  :—The  gas  works  have  been  swept  away,  and  the  town  is  innundated  to  a  considerable  extent.  BUTTEVA.NT  :  —The  down  train  on  Tuesday  night  was  stopyed  by  the  floods.  KILLARNEY  :—Two  railway  bridges  have  been  swept  away.  Co.  TIPPERARY  :—The  Suir  has  overflowed  its  banks.  A  man  named  Mulcahy  was  swept  away  off'  his  horse,  and  drowned,  on  Tuesday,  within  five  miles  of  Clonmel.  •  LIMERICK  :—Several  tributaries  of  the  . STYLE=superscript  Shannon  have  broken  their  bounds.  The  whole  country  is  in  a  deplorable  state  ;  all  the  standing  corn  is  beat  down,  and  a  great  quan quantity  tity quantity  of  what  was  stacked  carried  away.  Most  of  the  public  roads  are  impassable,  and  the  side  streets•  of  the  city  are  rushing  with  water.  •  NENVRY  :—A  large  portion  of  the  town  is  under  water,  and  several  persons  narrowly  escaped  being  drowned.  KILDARE  :  —The  Barrow  has  flooded  some  thousands  of  acres,  and  carried  away  a  great  deal  of  hay  and  corn.  MISS  CANTWELL'S  cam  •  In  the  course  of  the  day  Mr.  Fitzgibbon,  Q.C.,  came  into  court  and  asked  the  chief  baron  to  make  an  order  for  the  clerk  of  the  peace  to  keep  in  his  possession,  until  further  notice,  the  two  pieces  of  ribbon,  and  other  articles  which  were  produced  during  the  trial  of  Miss  Cantwell.  He  made  this  application  because  they  might  be  wanted  for  the  purpose  of  ulterior  proceedings.  One  of  the,  pieces  of  ribbon  w  as  ,  in  point  of  fact,  th  e  p  ro  p  er  ty  o  f  Miss  Cantwell.  Chief  Baron—The  verdict  itself  *does  not  authorise  any  proceeding  to  be  taken,  and  I  for  one  am  not  disposed  to  make  an  order  that  you  are  entitled  to  have  these  articles  impounded  cx  debito.  I  am  not  aware  of  any  act  of  the  court  which  would  lead  to  the  impression  that  we  imputed  perjury  or  falsehood  to  any  of  the  witnesses  for  the  prose.  cution.  _  _  Mr.  Fitzgibbon—l.  do  not  say,  my  lord,  that  there  is  any  intention  to  prosecute  anybody  for  perjury;  but  I  think.it  would  be  for  the  benefit  of  the  ends  of  justide  to  have  these  matters  retained  in  the  custody  of  the  clerk  of  the  peace.  Mr.  Bergin,  who  represented  the  firm  of  Cannock  and  White,  said  that  he  had  no  objection  to  the  course  proposed  by  Mr.  Fitzgibbon.  Chief  Barim—Well,  the  application  being  made  by  counse:  for  Miss  Cantwell,  and  no  objection  being  made  on  the  part  of  Messrs.  Cannock  and  White,  let  the  articles  in  question  remain  in  the  hands  of  the  clerk  of  the  peace  until  furthei  orders.  -  -  THE  LATE  ACCIDENT  ON  BOARD  THE  CAMISRIA..—Mrs.  Nugent,  sister  to  the  Dowa&amp;er  Lady  Talbot  de  Malahide,  ortne  surrorers  from  tin  e  effects  or  tne  storm  on  'Monday.  Her  leg  was  broken  immediately  below  the  knee,  and  although  the  greatest  attention  was  paid  her  by  Dr.  Jones  of  Holyhead,  yet  from  the  age  of  the  patient,  as  well  as  the  situation  of  the  fracture.  serious  consequences  were  apprehended.  On  Tuesday  a  consultation  was  considered  desirable,  and  Dr.  O'Ferrall,  of  Dublin,  was  sent  for,  and  we  are  happy  to  •  say  that  ;  in  the  opinion  of  the  surgical  attendanti,  this  lady  is  progressing  favourably.  Two  female  servants  of  Captain  Hart  have  been  very.seriously  injured— injuredone  one injuredone  has  her  arm  broken,  and  is  also  hurt-  in  the  side;  the  other  has  received  a  compound  fracture  of  the  leg,  of  a  very  'serious  nature,  't?gether  with  a  fracture  of  the  collar  bone.  The  latter,  especially,  remains  in  a  vofy  prooarium  position.  All  tho  -wounded  continue  at  the  Royal  Hotel,  Holyhead.  Mr.  J.  Taylor,  of  Birmingham,  gives  the  following  details  of  the  late  accident  to  this  'vessel,  which  left  Kingstown  •  for  Holyhead  on  Monday  morning  The  wind  had  been  very  high  during  Sunday  mght,  and  when  we  proceeded  to  sea,-  the  sea  was  raging  from  the  effects  of  a  gale•then  blowing  hard.  The  waves  seemed  to  run  almost  mountains  high,  and  when  we  had  got  about  three  parts  of  our  way  across•  the  channel  there  was  the  most  awful  crash  and  screaming  I  ever  heard—an  immense  sea  had  struck  •  the  ship  on  the  starboard  bow,  and  not  only  stove  in  the  bulwarks  from  the  quarter  deck,  to  the  bow,  but  had  swept  away  one  side  of  the  cabin  on  the  hurricane  deck,  sending'  every  •  one  , STYLE=superscript  •  into  a  confused  mass.  All  the  cabin  furniture  was  broken  to  pieces  like  a  bunch  of  crushed  matches.  The  screams  were  awful.  I  thought  the  poor  creatures  were  drowning.  One  lady  had  her  leg  broken,  another  her  arm  broken,  and  there  was  a  baby,  only  a  few  months  old,  floating  in  the  sea  shipped  on  deck,  which  was  dropped  by  the  nurse  in  her  fright  when  the  cabin  was  destroyed.  .1  was  sitting  by  the  , STYLE=superscript  helmsman,  and  the  immense  body  of  water  shipped  on  board,  rushing  to  the  stern,  immersed  me  up  to  the  neck.  I  thought  it  was  a  gone  case  with  us  all.  However,  thank  God,  we  weathered  the  storm,  and  reached  Holyhead  about  four,  instead  of  two  o'clock,  and  all  thankful  to  step  on  shore,  all  soaked  to  the  skin  with  our  sea-bathing,  and  the  vessel  looking  very  queer,  so  knocked  to"
