text
"bridge  In  the  overflow  of  the  Shannon  tributaries,  County  of  Limerick,  six  men  returning  from  the  fairs  of  Castle  - STYLE=superscript  Island,  Were  drowned.  Two  bridges  were  carried  away,  and  a  great  amount  of  family  :Lilal  houbu  ploporty  dtroy  ed.  Clonmel  and  Trean  have  suffered  from  the  floods.  The  body  of  the  coach  driver,who  was  lost  at  the  same  time  as  Mr.  Naylor,  has  not  yet  been  dis discovered.  covered. discovered.  THE  VACANT  BISHOPRIC.—The  Daily  Express  states  that  the  Bishop  of  Limerick  has  declined  translation,  to  Derry,—aud  assigns  the  appoint appointment  ment appointment  to  the  Rev.  Henry  Griffin,  rector  of  Clonfar Clonfarcle,  cle, Clonfarcle,  and  formerly  fellow  of  Trinity  College.•  THE  LATE  RAILWAY  ACCIDENT  AT  STRAFFAPT.—  Gars,aud  O'Hara,  committed  by  the  coroner,  ax'e  to  be  admitted  to  bail.  DEATH  OF  LADY  LANGFORD.—Au  inquest  was  held  on  this  lady's  body  on  Saturday,  at  which  the  fol following  lowing following  facts  transpired  :—About  half-past  twelve  o'clock  on  the  day  mentioned,  Lady  Longford,  who,  it  appears,  had  been  recently  - STYLE=superscript  staying  on  a  visit  at  Ardgillan  Castle,  the  residence  of  Colonel  Taylor,  M.V.,  proceeded  to  the  sea  shore,  accompanied  by  a  female  attendant,  for  the  purpose  of  bathing,  at  a  place  connected  with  the  demesne  by  a  bridge  near  the  railway.  The  sea  at  the  time,  as  is  usual  at  this  period  of  the  year,  was  high  and  rough,  and  the  lady,  having  unfortunately  advanced  rather  confidently  into  the  waves,  was  carried  off  into  deep  water,  and  before  effective  assistance  could  be  pro procured  cured procured  to  extricate  her  from  her  peril,  was  over overwhelmed  whelmed overwhelmed  by  the  violence  of  the  flood,  and  fell  a  victim  to  her  temerity.  The  servant  who  witnessed  the  tel  . STYLE=superscript  :Able  disaster  made  two  brave  but  fruitless  efforts'  to  rescue  her,  and.  no  succour  being  at  hand  at  the  moment,  the  unhappy  lady  perished  be before  fore before  her  eyes.  Intelligence  of  the  calamity  was  soon  communicated  at  the  Castle,  where  it  excited  the  ut utmost  most utmost  consternation  and  and  affliction,  and  measures  immediately  adopted  to  recover  the  remains  of  the  deceased,  which  after  some  time  proved  successful,  and  the  body  was  conveyed  - STYLE=superscript  to  the  Castle.  The  lamented  lady,  whose  untimely  death  we  have  re recorded  corded recorded  with  deep  regret,  was  eldest  daughter  of  the  late  Colonel  Conolly,  M.P.  for  the'  county  Donegal,  and  was  beloved  by  all  classes  for  her  virtues.  In  the  district  where  her  ladyship  re resided,  sided, resided,  at  Summerhill,  county_Meath,  her  loss  will  be  severely  and  sorrowfully  felt,  especially  by  the  poor,  to  whom  she  had  been  much  endeared  by  the  benevolent  zeal  with  which  she  de  - STYLE=superscript  Voted  her-  •  self  to  the  noble  purl  - STYLE=superscript  .•.  t  of  alleviating  their  wants  and  providing  for  th.cir  comforts.  Lord  Langford  has  been  a  constant  resident  on  his  property  since  his  marriage  in  1840,  and  to  the  considerate  care  and  attention  of  the  deceased  to  the  condition  of  their  tenantry,  aiding  and  stimulating  his  lord  ship's  efforts  for  their  improvement,  may  be,  in  a  great  measure,  attributed  the  contentment  and  comparative  prosperity  which  they,  enjoy.  The  coroner's  jury  returned  a  verdict  of  accidental  death  from  . STYLE=superscript  Wittex  OF-  A  VESSEL  NEAR  WICKLOW  HEAD.-  7  — regret  to  be  obliged  to  state,  that  the  brigantine  Fire  Ely,  Kirkness  master,  registered  at  Yarmouth,  and  bound  from  Liverpool  to  Hayti  with  a  general  cargo,  was  wrecked  near  Wicklow  Head,  on  Tues Tuesday  day Tuesday  night  last.  From  information-  , STYLE=superscript  we  have.  re received,  ceived, received,  it  appears  that  on  Wednesday  morning  the  wreck  of  the  ill-fated  vessel  was  observed  it:  about  a  mile  distant  •  from  the  shore,  opposite  BlaCkcastle,  near  Wicklow  Head,  and  that  Mr.  Walsh,  the  agent  of  Messrs.  Lloyd,  of.  London,  having  heard  - STYLE=superscript  of  the  catastrophe,  he  at  once  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  from  Dublin  to'  Wicklow,  and'  ascertained  that  a  writing-case,  the  property  of  the  master  of  the  above  vessel,  had  been  found  on  shore  by;  some  fishermen.  It  contained  the  name  of  the  master  and  that  of  the  ship,  and  also  a  cargo-book  in  which  were  entered  several  numbers  corresponding  'with  those  upon  some  bales  of  cotton  which  -had  been  Washed  on  shore.  When  the  tugboat  approached  the  wreck,  it  was  discovered  that  alinost  the  .entire  body  was  ,destroyed,  and  that  nothing  remained  with  the  exception  of  the  bare  sides  and  a  Portion  of  the  masts  and  sails.  The  wreck  was  then  towed  into  Wicklow  Harbour,  where  it  now  lies.  .No  information  has  been  yet  ;received  respecting  the  fate  of  the  captain  or  the  crew.  The  Right  Hon.  Benjamin  and  Mrs.  Disraeli  are  receiving  a  few  select  friends  at  Hughendon  Manor  House,  near  Wycombe,  Bucks.  BIRTH  EXTRAORDINARY.—The  wife  of  a  butcher,  at  Chesterfield,  was,  on  Monday  last,  safely  delivered  of  three  fine  children,  two  girls  and  a  boy.—Nottingham  Journal.  THE  FRANKLIN  EXPEDITION.—.Accounts  from  the  Sandwich  Isles  state  that  the  ship  Plover  ,  of  the  searching  expedition,  was  seen  in'August  last,  in  the  Arctic  Sea,  bound  north.  The  whalers  and  Esquimaux  had  given  up  all  hope  of  Sir  John  Franklin."
