text
"DAILY  TINIESi  COUNTY  COURT-YESTERDAY.  Before  JOSKVII  POLLOCK,  Esq.,  Judge.  The  seeond  Noxembnr  sitting  of  the  court  commenced  on  yesterday,  at  10  o'clock:  COMMITMENTS.  John  Birch,  in  the  office  of  the  railway  station,  Wapping,  committed  for  thirty  days,  at  the  suit  of  Robert  and  Wil William  liam William  Fort,  23,  Crown-street,  coal  merchants.  Debt,  £2los.  ,  John  Davies,  Harrison-street,  ship-scraper,  committed  for  thirty  days  at  the  ,  snit  of  James  M'Carty,  45,  Mary Marybone,  bone, Marybone,  grocer.  Debt,  £1  ss.  3d:  Thomas  Spencer  clerk,  Exchange-alley  norti  '  a,  aid  Hall=  street,  committed  for  thirty-  days,  at  the  suit  :of  George  Janes  Aspinall,  Fairview,  Park-road,  druggist.  Debt,  £1  Os.  3d:  Fanny  Wilson,  trafalgarzplacei  off  Russell-street,  house housekeeper,  keeper, housekeeper,  committed  for  thirty  days,  at  suit  of  jdseph  Myers,  15,  Ch  es  nut-street,  jeweller.  Debt,  £1  13s.  Thomas  Kimpton,  Sweeting-court,  Dale-street,  carrier,  committed  for  thirty  days,  at  suit  of  Pannell  and  Sons,  70,  Russell-street,  printers.  Debt,  £ll.  Richard  Taylor,  porter,  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  rail railway,  way, railway,  Great  Howard  streeti  committed  for  thirty  days  at  suit  of  Henry  Beckett,  116,  Burlington-street,  grocers  Debt,  £5  16s.  3d.  INSOLVENTS.  Samuel  Hulse,  late  of  Richmond-row,  furniture  broker,•  obtained,  unopposed,  his  final  order.  The  petition  was  sup supported  ported supported  by  Mr.  Hime.  John  Turner!  Prince's-street,  Runcorn,  late  of  Halton,  chemist,  druggist,  and  general  dealer:  'Ale  petition  was  supported  by  Mr.  Anderson,  and  opposed  by  Mr.  Simon:  barrister,  for  Messrs.  Hamilton  and  Davies,  creditors.  The  case  was  adjourned  to  the  next  court,  for  the  production  of  further  evidence.  ®Denis  O'Sullivan,  late  of  Crown-street,  baker,  provision  and  flour  dealer.  This  was  an  adjourned  audit  meeting,  and  it  was  further  adjourned  to  the  next  court,  to  enable  the  insolvent  to  furnish  the  particulars  of  the  sale  of  the  good goodwill  will goodwill  of  his  shop,  which  he  had  sold  since  obtaining  his  final  order.  IMPORTANT  TO  ASSIGNEES.—IN  RE  LAWRENCE  HOLDEN.  —The  insolvent  is  a  painter,_  plumber  and  glazier,  and  resided  at  56  Saint  Anne-street.  Mr.  Blackhurst  appeared  for  the  in insolvent,  solvent, insolvent,  and  applied  that  Mr.  John  Fazackerley  should  be  made  to  account  for  £62  10s.,  which  it  was  alleged  he  had  received  for  the  insolvent  as  assignee  under  a  forum  petition.  Mr:  FAZACKERLEY  then  entered  the  witness  box,  and  in  reply  to  the  court,  stated  that  he  had  received  no  money  whatever  as  assignee,  and  that  he  had  not  been  appointed  assignee  at  all:  His  HONOR  :  You  were  appointed  assignee  upon  the  direct  application  of  your  attorney.  Mr.  TouLitiN,  who  appeared  for  Mr.  Fazackerley,  said  that  the  application  was  merely  made  to  protect  the  assets  under  the  first  petition  of  the  bankrupt.  There  were  no  assets,  but  an  action  which  had  been  brought  by  the  insol insolvent  vent insolvent  against  a  third  party,  but  which  had  been  altogether  suspended,  was  again  instituted  after  the  petition  had  been  dismissed  by  Mr.  Fazackerley,  with  the  consent  of  the  in insolvent.  solvent. insolvent.  His  HONOR:  Undoubtedly  this  gentleman  has  received  this  money  after  he  was  appointed  assignee  ?  Mr.  TOULMIN  observed  that  he  had  received  the  order  from  the  insolvent  to  recover  this  money,  not  as  assignee,  but  as  an  individual  creditor.  The  award  under  which  the  money  was  recovered  was  made  on  the  19th  of  May.  The  court  had  certainly  made  the  appointment,  but  Mr.  Fazackerley  had  never  acted  as  assignee.  His  Barron  :  He  was  appointed  on  the  7th  of  March,  the  next  month  the  petition  was  dismissed,  Mr.  Fazackerley,  the  trade  assignee,  being  a  consenting  party  thereto.  But  on  the  very  same  day  that  petition  was  so  dismissed,  Mr.  Fazackerley  receives  the  order  from  the  insolvent  to  receive  the  amount  of  this  award,  and  so  puts  into  his  own  pocket  the  money  which  should  go  to  the  estate.  Mr  TOULMIN  :  But  Mr.  Fazackerley  would  not  have  pro prosecuted  secuted prosecuted  the  action,  unless  the  fruits  of  the  action  were  to  come  to  him.  His  HONOUR:  Do  you  tell  me  that  a  trade  assignee  would  not  prosecute  in  such  a  case,  unless  he  himself  were  solely  to  enjoy  the  fruits  of  the  action  ?  Mr.  Tooutiii  :  1  do  not  think  in  this  case  he  would.  His  HONOUR  :  I  cannot  allow  it  to  be  said  that  a  trade  assignee  will  not  pro  , STYLE=superscript  eeute  an  action  unless  he  is  allowed  to  pocket  the  amount  himself.  In  this  case  the  trade  assignee  himself  applied  to  me  with  respect  to  compelling  the  insol insolvent  vent insolvent  to  attend  and  give  evidence  in  this  very  action.;  but  yet  I  find  that  simultaneously  with  the  dismissal  of  the  petition  with  his  consent,  he  takes  an  order  from  the  insolvent,  and  thus  appropriates  to  himself  the  amount  of  the  award  which  ought,  properly  speaking,  to  have  gone  to  the  man's  credi creditors.  tors. creditors.  Ido  not  like  that  the  court  should  have  been  thus  made  the  instrument  for  the  private  advantage  of  an  indivi individual.  dual. individual.  Mr.  TOULMIN  assured  his  Honour  that  Mr.  Fazackerley  had  no  such  intention.  He  had  expended  a  sum  of  £25  in  recovering  a  debt  of  £45,  on  a  bill  of  exchange.  Insolvent  denied  that  he  had  signed  the  bill,  though  it  was  proved  that  he  had  done  so.  His  HONOR  :  That  has  nothing  to  do  with  it.  Whether  he  was  put  to  the  expense  of  Si.  or  451.  it  does  not  justify  him  to  alter  his  position  ad  libitum.  A  s STYLE=superscript  assignee  he  had  duties  to  perform  to  others  as  well  as  to  himself-  I  have  a  very  strong  impression  that  this  is  an  attempt,  and  a  very  daring  attempt,  to  make  use  of  this  court  and  its  processes  to  put  money  into  an  individual's  pocket  which  should  have  gone  to  the  estate.  His  Honor  again  referred  to  the  facts  of  the  case,  and  particularly  .  the  dismissal  of  the  petition  with  the  consent  of  the  assignee,  and  the  receiving  the  order  at  the  very  moment  the  award  was  being  made,  and  observed,  that  he  would  not  sit  in  court  day  after  day  and  allow,  by  its  processes,  creditors  to  be  swindled  by  any  person  in  an  official  position  putting  money  into  his  pocket  which  belonged  to  all.  Mr.  Tour.adm  said  that  Mr.  Fazackerley  had  taken  no  part  in  the  dismissal  of  the  petition—that  was  done  by  the  insolvent  himself.  His  HONOR  :  I  have  a  distant  recollection  that  you  ap appeared  peared appeared  for  the  assignee,  and  that  you  assented  to  the  dis dismissal  missal dismissal  of  the  petition.  I  will  not  give  judgment  now  in  this  case,  because  I  feel  very  strongly  on  it,  and  that  I  have  been  made  use  of  as  a  tool  for  private  purposes.  I  feel  I  have  been  treated  with  much  indignity,  and  that  the  pro processes  cesses processes  of  the  court  have  been  much  abused.  Mr.  TOULMIN  explained  that  Mr.  Fazackerley  had  con conceived  ceived conceived  himself  relieved  from  all  responsibility  when  the  petition  was  dismissed.  He  thought  he  then  became  a  private  creditor,  and  was  at  perfect  liberty  to  treat  with  the  insolvent,  the  more  particularly  as  he  had  been  put  to  much  expense  by  him  to  recover  a  just  debt.  Had  he  not  felt  this,  he  would  not  receive  the  order,  and  he  was  then  per perfectly  fectly perfectly  willing  to  obey  any  decision  of  the  court  in  the  matter.  In  answer  to  Mr.  ToimmiN,  Mr.  Fazackerley  said  that  the  insolvent  came  to  his  office  on  the  day  of  the  date  of  the  order,  and  said  that  the  petition  had  been  dismissed,  and  asked  what  he  should  do.  Mr.  Fazackerley  replied,  that  he  should  send  him  to  Lan Lancaster  caster Lancaster  gaol,  unless  his  debt  was  paid,  and  upon  this  the  insol insolvent  vent insolvent  gave  order.  His  Horton  said  that  he  would  take  it  that  no  imputation  rested  on  Mr.  Fizackeiley's  character,  but  he  should  adjourn  the  case  for  a  fortnight.  IMPORTANT  TO  SEAMEN  AND  PILOTS.—JUAN  DE  ECHE ECHEVARRA  VARRA ECHEVARRA  Y  LA  LENA  v.  STRONG.—In  delivering  judgment  in  this  case,  which  was  heard  on  last  Thursday,  his  HONOR  said  that  he  had  given  it  the  best  attention  he  could,  and  that  he  was  of  opinion  that  on  the  whole  the  plaintiff  was  entitled  to  recover.  He  was  of  opinion  that  the  schooner  had  acted  rightly,  and  in  accordance  with  the  regulations  of  the  Admi Admiralty,  ralty, Admiralty,  in  holding  the  course  which  she  had  done,  being  .  at  the  time  close-hauled  on  the  port  tack.  He  was  of  opinion  that  the  steamer  ought  to  have  given  way,  but  he  did  not  hold  that  because  of  the  proposition  that  had  been  laid  down,  that  a  steamer  having  a  vessel  in  tow  was  always  to  be  con considered  sidered considered  as  going  free.  He  found  that  Dr.  Lushington  expressed  a  very  strong  opinion  against  that  doctrine,  and  he  (his  Honor)  went  fully  with  the  reasons  that  were  used  in  conveying  that  opinion.  He  could  not  think  that  a  steamer  was  always  to  be  considered  as  going  .  free  with  a  vessel  in  tow,  because  she  was  considered  as  going  free  without  one  ;  for  whether  or  not,  in  the  former  event,  she  was  to  be  con considered  sidered considered  as  going  free,  should  depend  upon  the  wind,  the  size  of  the  vessel  in  tow,  and  a  variety  of  other  circum circumstances.  stances. circumstances.  But  here  the  steamer  having  seen  the  schooner  cross  her  bows  about  a  cable  and  a  half's  length  a-head,  and  knowing  the  precise  spot  at  which  she  should  put  about,  he  thought  it  was  the  duty  of  the  steamer  so  to  advance  as  not  to  interfere  with  the  progress  of  the  schooner,  which  they  knew  should  put  about  near  the  black  buoy,  and  hold,  in  the  ordinary  course  of  navigation,  the  particular  direction  which  she  afterwards  held.  The  only  difficulty  in  his  mind  was  whether  or  not  the  fault  of  the  steamer  might  not  have  been  in  some  degree  attributable  to  the  pilot;  but  he  was  saved,  on  consideration,  from  that  difficulty,  by  recollecting  that  the  orders  of  the  pilot  were  given  and  not  obeyed  by  the  steamer.  Mr.  HALL,  who  was  for  the  plaintiff,  requested  his  Honor  to  direct  them  to  the  case  in  which  Dr.  Lushington  had  ex expressed  pressed expressed  the  opinion  referred  to.  It  was  important  that  his  Honor's  judgment  should  be  known,  inasmuch  as  it  would  considerably  modify  the  regulations  of  the  Dock  Committee.  One  of  those  regulations  was,  As  a  steam-vessel  should  be  considered  in  the  light  of  a  vessel  navigating  with  a  fair  wind,  and  should  give  way  to  a  vessel  on  a  wind  or  other  tack,  it  becomes  only  necessary  to  provide  arule  for  their  observance,  when  meeting  either  a  steamer  or  sailing  vessel  going  The  Liverpool  pilots,  Mr.  Hall  continued  to  say,  considered  this  regulation  as  meaning  that  steam  vessels,  under  all  circumstances,  as  vessels  navigating  with  a  free  wind,  should  give  way,  whether  they  were  towing  another  vessel  or  not.  His  Horton.:  I  am  of  opinion  that  that  rule  should  have  reference  to  steam  vessels  only  when  they  are  not  encumbered  by  having  another  vessel  in  tow.  The  case  I  have  referred  to  is  the  Kingston-by-sea,  3rd  Robinson,  Admiralty  cases,  page  154  and  in  it  Dr.  Lushington  It  has  been  urged  in  the  argument,  that  as  a  steamer  is  to  be  considered  as  always  having  the  wind  free,  the  consideration  applies  whether  she  has  another  vessel  in  tow  or  not.  To  this  pro proposition  position proposition  I  cannot  accede.  It  is  true  a  steamer  is  always  considered  to  have  the  wind  free  ;  but  it  does  not  in  my  opinion  follow,  that  a  steamer  having  a  merchant  vessel  in  tow,  is  always  free.  That  will  depend,  I  conceive,  upon  the  state  of  the  wind,  - STYLE=superscript  the  direction  in  which  the  steamer  is  going,  and  the  nature  of  the  impediments  that  she  may  meet  with  in  her  In  conclusion,  his  Honor  gave  the  defendant  Pernoif#sion?  on  the  payment  of  costs,  to  move  on  Thursday  for  a  new  trial  Before  a  jury.  WALSH  V.  GRIMSHAW  AND  CO.  plaintiff,  Mr.  John  Walsh,  is  a  master  porter,  and  the  defendants  are  well-known  ship-brokers  in  this  town,  and  the  action  wal  hpught  to  recover  £l6  165.,  under  the  follo  - STYLE=superscript  ving  circum circumgtdtieetln  gtdtieetln circumgtdtieetln  the  month  of  October,  1852,  Mr.  Milligan,  one  of  the  defendants;  employed  .  the  plaintiff  to  unload,  in  as  expeditious  a  manner  as  po  - STYLE=superscript  ssiti*  the  loseph  in  order  that  she  might  go  to  sea  again:  The  fessel  was  accordingly  unloaded  in  three  and  a  half  days,  the  ordinary  time  for  such  a  vessel  being  seven  or  eight  days  ;  and  ti&amp;  having  been  paid  by  the  defendants,  the  action  was  brought  to  recotef  the  balance  of  £l6  16s.  On  the  part  of  the  de defendants,  fendants, defendants,  it  Was  contended  that  they  had  paid  their  full  share  of  the  extra  expense  61  :Lama  of  the  Vessel,  and  that  the  consignees  of  the  goods  should  pity  the  balance.  Some  time  was  occupied  in  discussing  this  point.  His  HONOR  said  that  he  would  not  entertain  a  donlat  of  the  liability  of  the  defendants.  If  the  goods  were  unloaded  in  the  ordinary  time;  then  the  consignees  would  be  bound  to  remove  them  ;  but  when  they  were  unloaded,  for  the  con convenience  venience convenience  of  the  ship,  in  much  less  than  the  ordinary  time,  it  was  but  proper,  and  a  well-established  principqc  in  law,  that  the  consignees  of  the  ship  should  bear  the  extra  reuse:  He  should  accordingly  give  judgment  for  the  plain plaintiff,  tiff, plaintiff,  and  fern'  the  accounts  for  settlement.  POLICE  COURT.—YESII.gIiDAY.  ROBBERY  WITH  VIOLENCE  IN  BA.NNISTER-STRttli  Thomas  Fielding,  Peter  Mackey,  and  John  Smith,  three  powerful  young  men,  were  charged  with  stealing  a  watch,  £5  10s:,  and  other  property,  from  John  Darwin,  an  engineer  from  Shropshirei  on  tine  night  of  Sunday  last.  The  com complainant  plainant complainant  stated  that  he  elude  to  Liverpool  on  business  on  Saturday  last.  On  Sunday  night  batten  half--past  eleven  and  twelve  o'clock  he  was  walking  with  a  friend  in  Bannister Bannisterstreet.  street. Bannisterstreet.  He  by  some  accident  missed  his  friend,  and  was  looking  for  him,  when  he  was  attacked  by  three  men,  one  of  whom  placed  his  hands  over  his  mouth  to  prevent  his  calling  out—a  second  threw  him  down  and  knelt  upon  his  chest,  while  the  third  rifled  his  pockets,  stole  his  watch  and  his  top-coat.  He  immediately  called  and  the  three  men  made  their  escape.  The  police  eanie  up,  and  they  went  to  a  brothel,  where  two  of  the  prisoners  were  apprehended—the  third  having  made  his  escape  from  the  house.  The  com complainant  plainant complainant  iden  ified  Fielding  as  the  person  who  had  rifled  his  pockets,  but  could  not  speak  positively  as  to  the  other  two.  An  inspector  of  police  and  two  officers  spoke  to  seeing  the  prisoners  run  from  the  direction  where  the  robbery  was  committed  to  the  house  in  which  they  were•apprehended,  in  which  upon  making  a  search  they  found  a  glove,  which  the  prosecutor  identified  as  his  property.  The  prisoner  Smith  protested  his  innocence,  and  witnesses  were  called,  who  proved  that  he  was,  during  the  chief  part  of  the  evening,  and  from  half-past  eleven  until  he  was  apprehended,  in  a  table-beer  shop,  in  Manchester-street.  Fielding  and  Mackey  were  committed  to  take  their  trial,—Smith  was  discharged.  Thomas  Kayer,  a  negro  lad,  was  connnitted  for  twenty twentyone  one twentyone  days'  imprisonment  for  stealing  ship-biscuit,  having  been  previously  convicted.  Peter  Starkey  was  charged  with  stealing  some  flour  from  the  Bramley-Moore  Dock.  The  police  officer  on  duty  de detected  tected detected  the  offender  with  the  flour  in  his  possession,  but  as  he  alleged  that  he  had  picked  it  off  the  ground,  and  as  he  had  not  been  previously  before  the  court,  he  was  discharged  with  a  caution  as  to  his  future  conduct.  James  Mullen  was  discharged,  having  been  charged  with  picking  pockets,  the  evidence  not  being  sufficiently  conclu conclusive  sive conclusive  to  justify  a  conviction.  William  Wood,  for  a  like  offence  was  also  discharged.  He  was  seen  by  the  police  officer  to  make  two  attempts  to  pick  a  lady's  pocket,  but  failed  in  each  attempt.  The  lady  did  not  appear.  Joseph  Moore.  a  child  whose  head  scarcely  reached  the  magistrates'  table,  was  charged  with  attempting  to  steal  money  from  the  till  of  a  shop,  No.  17,  Warwick-street.  A  witness  stated  he  went  into  the  shop  yesterday  afternoon,  when  he  saw  the  lad  lying  across  the  counter  with  his  hand  in  the  till.  He  secured  him.  The  defendant,  although  so  young,  had  been  already  six  times  convicted  for  various  offences  of  a  similar  character.  The  magistrate,  conceiving  him  to  be  perfectly  incorrigible  , STYLE=superscript  a  nd STYLE=superscript  that  it  would  be  all  but  hopeless  to  attempt  to  admonish  him, STYLE=superscript  committed  him  for  three  month's  imprisonment.  John  Connelly  was  charged  with  picking  the  pocket  of  a  butcher,  and  stealing  therefrom  a  memorandum  boo  k. STYLE=superscript  The  police  officer  stated  that  he  saw  the  prisoner  with  ano another  ther another  lad  accompanying  the  owner  of  the  memorandum  book,  who  was  very  much  intoxicated,  in  Stanley-street,  and  upon  his  going  up  to  them  he  saw  the  prisoner  take  the  book  from  his  pocket,  and  consequently  took  him  into  custody.  The  owner  of  the  book  did  not  appear,  being  engaged  in  the  market.  The  prisoner  was  committed  for  three  months.  James  Branham  was  charged  with  stealing  9s.  from  the  pocket  of  a  person  who  had  employed  him  to  assist  in  deli delivering  vering delivering  some  goods  from  a  cart.  It  appeared  that  the  com complainant  plainant complainant  and  the  defendant  had  during  the  time  of  business,  and  subsequently,  been  drinking  together,  after  which  they  went  to  the  complainant's  cellar,  when  the  coat,  in  which  the  money  was  deposited  was  taken  off,  and  put  on  one  side.  During  the  absence  of  the  complainant  the  money  was  taken  from  the  pocket,  and  the  defendant  decamped.  The  magis magistrate  trate magistrate  discharged  the  defendant,  and  blamed  the  prosecutor  for  drinking  and  keeping  company  with  such  persons.  Julia  Riley  was  charged  with  stealing  two  sovereigns,  the  property  of  her  mistress.  It  appeared  that  during  the  time  her  mistress  was  at  market  on  Saturday  last,  two  sovereigns  were  abstracted  from  a  drawer.  Upon  her  return  she  missed  the  money  and  accused  the  prisoner  with  taking  it—as  no  other  person  had  been  in  the  house.  The  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  positively  denied  the  charge,  and  expressed  a  desire  to  search  under  the  carpets  in  the  room,  and  also  the  bed,  under  which,  after  having  been  threatened  with  punish punishment,  ment, punishment,  she  found  the  money.  The  magistrates  having  ad admonished  monished admonished  the  offender  for  her  ungrateful  conduct,  in  robbing  her  mistress  who  had  been  so  kind  as  to  take  her  when  she  was  neglected  and  forsaken  by  all  Mends,  discharged  her,  as  the  complainant  had  used  a  threat  to  induce  her  to  give  up  the  money,  which  was  contrary  to  law  John  Bradley  charged  with  passing  counterfeit  coin,  was  remanded  for  a  week.  Peter  M'Lenny,  and  Rose  M'Lenny  his  wife,  were  charged  by  one  of  the  detective  officers  with  stealing  a  watch.  The  officer  said  he  had  occasion  to  search  the  house  occu occupied  pied occupied  by  the  prisoners,  in  which  he  found  the  watch  produced,  but  up  to  the  present  time  he  had  not  been  able  to  find  an  owner  for  it.  The  male  prisoner  denied  any  knowledge  of  having  pos possession  session possession  of  the  watch.  The  female  prisoner,  who,  it  appeared  kept  a  house  of  ill-fame,  alleged  that  the  watch  had  been  left  with  her  by  a  gentleman  to  take  care  of.  The  magistrate  considering  the  case  one  of  great  suspicion  remanded  the  prisoners,  in  order  to  afford  the  officers  time  to  make  inquiry  for  the  owner.  James  Smith  was  charged  with  stealing  a  newspaper,  Bell's  Life  in  from  a  spirit  vault.  Late  on  Sa Saturday  turday Saturday  night  the  offender  went  into  the  vaults  and  requeated  permission  to  look  at  the  newspaper,  which  was  handed  to  him.  He  soon  after  left,  and  upon  being  followed,  the  paper  was  found  in  his  possession.  The  landlord  said  that  offences  of  that  description  were  so  frequently  committed  that  he  felt  it  necessary  to  make  an  example  of  the  delinquent.  As  the  prisoner  had  not  previously  been  before  the  court,  he  was  discharged.  Patrick  Malone  was  changed  with  embezzling  the  sum  of  £8  15s.  3d.,  the  property  of  his  employer,  Mrs.  Jane  Percy,  Oliver-street,  Copperas-hill.  The  prosecutrix  stated  that  she  gave  the  prisoner  a  ticket  to  receive  the  money,  but  as  he  did  not  return  she  gave  information  to  the  police.  A  detective  officer  stated  that  upon  receiving  the  information  he  repaired  to  the  Collingwood  dock,  and  at  twenty  minutes  past  eleven  o'clock,  on  Saturday  night,  he  apprehended  the  prisoner  as  he  was  about  to  embark  on  one  of  the  Irish  steamers.  He  had  paid  for  his  voyage,  and  had  £8  ss.  4d.  in  his  possession.  The  prisoner  admitted  receiving  the  money,  but  said  he  intended  to  return  it.  Committed  for  trial.  John  Woods,  charged  with  embezzling  43  bales  of  cotton,  the  property  of  his  employers,  the  details  of  which  has  already  appeared  in  this  journal,  was  further  remanded  until  Wednesday  next,  a  material  witness  being  in  Yorkshire,  pro procuring  curing procuring  evidence.  Mr.  Black  appeared  for  the  accused.  Elizabeth  Molleen,  an  Irish  woman,  was  charged  by  Mr.  John  Murdock,  pawnbroker,  Marybone,  with  altering  the  figures  on  a  duplicate.  According  to  the  statement  of  Mr.  Murdock,  it  would  appear  that  the  defendant  had  pledged  a  parcel  at  his  shop  for  3s.  ;  and  that  upon  her  going  to  re redeem  deem redeem  the  same,  the  figures  had  been  so  re-arranged  as  to  make  it  2s.  3d.  He  said  such  cases  were  getting  so  nume numerous,  rous, numerous,  that  he  should  press  for  the  utmost  punishment.  The  defendant,  who  could  neither  read.  nor  write,  denied  the  charge,  and  stated  that  the  articles  had  formerly  been  pledged  for  that  amount,  but  had  the  same  day  been  re redeemed  deemed redeemed  and  pledged  for  the  2s.  3d.  The  magistrate  dis dismissed  missed dismissed  the  case.  Ann  Kayne  was  remanded  for  further  examination,  on  the  charge  of  having  stolen  a  gold  ring.  She  offered  the  ring  in  pledge  at  the  shop  of  Mr.  Robertson,  Great  Howard Howardstreet,  street, Howardstreet,  when,  not  being  able  to  give  a  satisfactory  account  of  how  she  became  possessed  of  the  same,  she  was  given  into  the  custody  of  the  police.  John  Gibson  was  fined  10s.  and  costs  for  an  assault  on  the  police  while  in  the  execution  of  their  duty.  ANOTHER  C  ASE.  OF  STABBING.  —Rose  Ann  Gallow,  a  rather  interesting  looking  young  woman,  was  charged  with  stabbing  Margaret  ',lllurphy,  and  severely  wounding  her  in  the  face  and  .  head,  about  twelve  o'clock  on  Sunday  night.  The  complamant,who  appeared  in  court  with  her  face  band bandaged  aged bandaged  all  over,  so  that  her  features  were  scarcely  visible,  stated,  she  was  in  a  public  house  in  Park  Lane,  about  twelve  o'clock  on  Sunday  night,  and  when  she  was  about  leaving,  the  defendant  looked  in  at  the  door,  and  after  calling  her  some  ill  names,  said  owe  it  to  stabbed  her  in  the  face  and  head  several  times.  She  was  taken  to  the  Southern  Hospital,  where  the  wounds  were  dressed.  The  surgeon  of  the  hosaital  described  the  nature  of  the  wounds,  saying,  he  believed  them  to  have  been  inflicted  with  some  sharp  instrument,  for  instance,  a  knife.  The  defendant  denied  that  she  had  used  a  knife,  but  admitted  having  assaulted  the  complainant,  and  alleged  that  the  wounds  on  her  face  and  head  had  been  inflicted  with  the  ring  on  her  finger.  From  the  evidence  of  the  surgeon  this  being  impossible,  the  magistrate  committed  the  defendant  to  take  her  trial  at  the  next  assizes.  EMIGRANTS  COMPLAINTS.  —Mr.  R.  D.  Robinson,  the  rapt.  of  the  Guiding  appeared,  by  Mr.  Almond  his  solici solicitor,  tor, solicitor,  to  answer  several  complaints  preferred  against  him  by  emigrants  from  the  above  vessel,  the  informations  having  been  instituted  by  Capt.  Schomberg,  the  Government  Eon Eongratin.  gratin. Eongratin.  agent  for  this  port,  under  the  provisions  of  the  Act  of  Parliament.  James  Opie,  one  of  the  passengers  on  board  the  above  vegsdf  said  he  had  to  complain  of  not  having  received  his  proper*  quantity  of  provisions.  Instead  of  having  delivered  to  him  one  week's  provisions,  he  had  had  only  three  days'  allowance  given  him.  The  water  was  given  out  daily,  but  the  provisions  were  only  distributed  once  a  week.  By  Mr.  Almond.—The  Guiding  Star  left  this  port  on  the  Thursday  ;  and  all  went  on  right  until  the  following  Sunday  afternoon  ;  when  they  were  wrecked  off  Cape  Clear  — STYLE=superscript  the  masts  had  to  ha  cut  away  and  the  ship  was  disabled.  He  could  not  say,  not  being  a  sailor,  whether  she  was  unfit  to  go  to  sea.  They  put  into  Belfast  Dock.  They  had  cholera  aboard.  On  Friday,  the  mayor  of  Belfast  and  other  officials  went  on  board  the  vessel.  On  the  Monday  he  had  only  half  a  week's  provisions  given  him  instead  of  his  allowance  for  a  week:  When  he  left  Belfast  he  did  not  know  where  the  vessel  was  going  to.  He  did  not  know  they  were  coming  to  Liverpool.  He  did  not  himself  complain  to  the  captain,  but  he  had  complained  to  the  mates.  He  could  not  say  whether  any  of  the  passengers  had  complained  to  the  cap captain  tain captain  personally,  but  they  had  made  comulaints.  The  Magistrate  :  Where  the  provisions  you  were  sup supplied  plied supplied  with  coked,  or  had  you  to  cook  them  yourself?  Witness  :  No  they  were  not  cooked.  The  Magistrate  :  :Had  you,  or  any  .  of  the  passengers  made  any  arrangement  to  have  the  provisions  delivered  out  weekly  instead  of  by  the  day  ?  Witness  :  No  sir.  The  Magistrate  :  By  the  act  of  parliament  the  provisions  have  a  right  to  be  supplied  daily.  Robert  Allen  another  passenger  confirmed  the  statement  made  by  the  witness.  Lieutenant  Prior,  an  officer  connected  with  the  govern government  ment government  emigration,  deposed  that  he  cleared  the  Guiding  Star  from  this  port  on  the  26th  of  October.  He  saw  that  the  water  closets  and  other  arrangements  were  there  in  accor accordance  dance accordance  with  the  provisions  of  the  act  of  parliament.  He  also  saw  her  on  her  return  to  this  port  on  Friday  the  14th  of  November,  when  he  found  the  female  hospital  knocked  down—the  bulkhead  to  divide  the  sexes  also  broken  down,  and  the  water  closets  removed.  By  Mr.  Almond  :  When  the  vessel  left  there  were  ten  water  closets,  - STYLE=superscript  only  nine  were  required  by  the  act  of  parliament.  The  ship,  when  she  returned  to  the  port,  had  lost  a  main  topmast,  and  she  was  so  damaged  as  to  be  uunt  110  le  act  in  f.rm.ti  that  'lie  bulkhead  i  had  been  knocked  down  to  get  more  ventilation.  s  was  the  medical  officer  on  board  who  gave  that  reason.  The  reason  assigned  for  knocking  down  the  female  hospital,  which  was  on  the  deck  was,  that  it  interfered  with  the  health  of  the  other  passengers.  Me.  Almond  addressed  the  bench  for  the  defendant,  con contending  tending contending  that,  under  the  circumstances,  with  the  cholera  on  board,  and  the  ship  seriously  injured,  that  the  same  disci discipline  pline discipline  had  not  been  kept  which  would  have  been  otherwise  the  case  '  •  and  that  in  removing  the  hospital  and  water  closets  the  captain  had  acted  under  the  advice  of  the  medical  man  on  board,  therefore  he  could  not  conceive  that  the  pro provisions  visions provisions  of  the  act  would  apply,  as  he  had  not  acted  willfully  or  negligently.  He  called  Mr.  A.  Steward,  who  said  he  was  the  surgeon  on  hoard  the  Guiding  Siar.  The  passengers  were  all  examined  when  they  went  on  board.  The  cholera  broke  out  on  board  the  vessel  the  Sunday  night  after  they  left  the  port.  It  was  after  the  vessel  had  lost  her  topmast,  and  received  such  da damages  mages damages  as  rendered  her  unfit  to  proceed.  He  was  of  opinion  that  had  the  vessel  proceeded  to  New  York  there  would  not  have  been  twenty  of  them  alive  when  they  got  there.  The  bulkhead  was  broken  down  at  my  suggestion.  It  was  to  give  more  ventilation.  The  passengers,  a  lot  of  Germans,  constantly  hung  their  wet  linen  there,  and  he  could  not  get  them  to  remove  them,  although  he  had  cut  away  the  lines.  The  Magistrate  Could  you  not  have  prevented  them  from  hanging  the  linen  there.  Surely  that  would  have  been  better  than  breaking  down  the  bulkhead  T  Witness  :  We  could  not  prevent  them,  It  was  quite  ne necessary  cessary necessary  as  the  cholera  was  on  board  the  vessel  that  it  should  be  removed.  The  vessel  was  taken  to  Belfast,  where  the  authorities  visited  it,  and  there  the  sick  were  taken  ashore  as  were  also  the  dead.  He  did  not  hear  any  com complaints  plaints complaints  about  the  cooking  of  the  provisions  ;  when  he  did,  g  st  e  e  s  d  tio  th  n  r  b  L  eca  r  t  f  ise  he  t  w  he  at  e  e  i  r  n  -  u  c  N  le  ia  se  f  ts  ro  s  na  ver  t  e  he  t  m  ake  t  n  en  d  d  o  e  w  d  n  to  at  ass  his  ist  he  told  them  to  go  to  him,  which  some  of  them  did,  and  he  a STYLE=superscript  .s STYLE=superscript  s  u  s STYLE=superscript  g  i STYLE=superscript  the  contagion.  The  Magistrate  :  Were  there  no  means  of  keeping  the  closets  clean  without  removing  them  ?  Witness  :  No  sir—the  passengers  themselves  were  the  most  dirty  lot  that  ever  I  had  to  do  with  in  my  life.  The  passengers  would  not  do  the  least  thing  ;  they  would  not  even  assist  to  remove  the  dead  from  the  living,  and  he  had  to  get  the  sailors  to  assist  him,  although  there  were  plenty  of  men  about.  The  hospital  at  the  other  part  of  the  ship  was  taken  down  at  his  suggestion,  because  it  interfered  with  the  health  of  the  other  passengers.  John  Mindock,  the  first  mate,  confirmed  the  statement  of  the  surgeon.  David  Scott,  a  passenger,  spoke  of  the  captain  and  crew  being  kind,  and  doing  all  in  their  power  to  add  to  the  com comfort  fort comfort  and  happiness  of  the  passengers.  He  had  no  complaint  to  make  ;  he  always  received  his  proper  amount  of  provisions.  He  had  heard  none  of  the  passengers  complain.  Walter  Blake,  the  third  mate,  delivered  out  the  provisions  every  .  Saturday.  The  reason  he  had  not  given  witness  his  provisions  on  the  Saturday  was  because  he  had  not  had  time.  He  had  something  else  to  do  ;  it  was  dark  when  he  had  served  half  of  them.  William  Borrow,  the  second  mate,  stated  the  provisions  had  been  cooked  as  far  as  they  possibly  could  ;  but  the  pas passengers  sengers passengers  went  in  such  shoals  to  the  place,  that  the  cook  could  not  stir.  Mr.  Almond  wished  to  inform  the  magistrate  that  the  hospital  was  still  on  the  ship's  deck,  and  could  be  inspected.  The  magistrates,  after  a  few  brief  remarks,  said,  under  all  the  circumstances  of  the  case,  he  should  consider  it  his  duty  to  fine  the  captain  in  the  minimum  amount  mentioned  in  the  act  of  parliament  with  regard  to  three  of  the  offences,  viz.,  for  removing  the  bulk-head  ;  for  removing  the  water  closets  ;  and  for  not  having  the  provisions  properly  cooked.  The  captain  was  fined  £5  for  each  of  the  above  offences.  HOUSE-BREAKING.—Four  youths  named  Henry  Jones,  James  Hughes,  Henry  .111accey,  and  Edward  Perry,  were  charged  with  breaking  into  a  house,  in  Pitt-street,  on  the  previous  night,  and  stealing  therefrom  a  variety  of  articles.  It  appeared  that  the  owner  of  the  house  let  it  furnished,  and  that  the  former  occupier  had  left  it  early  the  previous  week  without  having  properly  secured  it.  The  boys  were  seen  getting  over  the  walls,  and  it  was  afterwards  found  that  they  had  pledged  and  sold  a  portion  of  the  property  they  had  abstracted,  amongst  which  was  a  copper  coffee=pot,  which  they  had  sold  to  a  person  named  Higgins  of  Great  Crosshall Crosshallstreet.  street. Crosshallstreet.  The  prisoners  were  remanded  until  this  day,  when  they  will  be  committed  for  trial  George  iffuney  was  fined  10s  and  costs  for  an  assault  upon  Miss  Stimp3on,  of  Williamson-square  ;  he  lodged  in  the  house  of  her  parents,  and  going  home  intoxicated  on  Satur Saturday  day Saturday  night,  he,  after  the  family  were  in  bed,  was  found  in  the  young  ladies  room.  William  Jones  and  Peter  Lyons  were  fined  10s  for  an  assault  on  the  person  of  Michael  Murdock.  It  was  proved  in  evidence  that  the  parties  accused  were  at  the  time  of  the  offence  intoxicated,  but  they  had  exhibited  a  knife  which  the  magistrates  considered  a  most  abominable  offence.  It  is  the  general  belief  at  Constantinople  that  Queen  Victoria,  having  caught  Lord  Aberdeen  receiving  several  tons  of  gold  from  Russia,  had  his  head  instantly  taken  off,  to  the  great  joy  of  the  people  and  that  Palmerston  is  Grand  Vizier  now  The  Rev.  Chancellor  Raikes,  reporting  on  the  Chester  Ragged  Schools,  says,  The  little  good  effected  is  done  at  a  great  waste  of  expenditure;  and  I  feel  that  no  real  good  will  be  done  to  the  children  of  the  dangerous  class  un unless  less unless  we  can  substitute  a  Reformatory  School  for  a  Ragged  School,  and  endeavour  to  introduce  moral  habits  in  ad addition  dition addition  to  the  elementary  knowledge  given  at  present.  Such  is  the  conclusion  to  which  I  have  reluctantly  been  NARROW  ESCAPE  OF  A  COUNTY  COURT  JUDGE.—OR  Thursday  last,  whilst  the  Judge  was  sitting  in  the  County  Court  at  Tiverton,  the  roof  gave  way  and  fell  in.  The  court  was  very  much  crowded  at  the  time.  A  beam  from  the  roof  fell  with  a  tremendous  crash  toward  the  judge.  As  may  be  imagined,  a  scene  of  great  confusion  followed.  A  general  rush  was  made  to  the  doors,  it  being  feared  that  the  whole  of  the  upper  part  of  the  building  was  falling  in.  Fortunately,  that  did  not  take  place,  or  a  large  number  of  persons  must  have  been  killed.  As  it  was,  many  persons  received  severe  bruises.  GROSS  OUTRAGE  IN  A  CHURCH.—A  most  wanton  and  un unjustifiable  justifiable unjustifiable  outrage  has  been  perpetrated  on  a  Protestant  church  at  Warmsworth,  between  two  and  three  miles  from  Doncaster.  The  occurrence  took  place  some  time  during  the  night  of  Wednesday  last,  and  those  who  committed  it  commenced  their  attack  on  the  building  by  first  throwing  stones  at  the  windows  from  the  outside,  a  number  of  which  they  broke.  They  then  proceeded  to  force  open  the  church  doors,  as  is  indicated  by  footmarks  about  the  place,  but,  not  succeeding,  they  went  to  a  window  on  the  north  side  of  the  church,  broke  the  glass,  tore  away  the  lead  from  the  squares,  and  removed  the  casement,  by  which  they  were  en enabled  abled enabled  to  creep  through.  Having  thus  obtained  an  entrance,  they  pulled  down  the  communion  rails  and  demolished  the  stone  font.  Nothing  but  the  base  of  the  font  remained  to  indicate  that  one  stood  there.  The  velvet  cushion  on  the  top  of  the  pulpit  and  the  one  on  the  clerk's  reading  desk,  as  well  as  the  great  number  of  the  cushions  and  hassocks  in  the  pews,  were  cut  and  torn,  and  the  stuffings  strewed  about  the  church  and  graveyard.  Some  wood  work  near  the  communion  table  was  also  pulled  down.  and  broken.  The  stone  near  the  same  place  is  also  pulled  up.  A  number  of  the  books  belonging  to  the  congregation,  have  been  torn  and  otherwise  damaged  and  thrown  about  the  church.  Se Several  veral Several  loose  seats  used  by  the  poorer  class  of  the  congrega congregation  tion congregation  were  broken  and  piled  one  over  another.  After  they,  had  broken  or  damaged  everything  they  could  come  in  con contact  tact contact  within  the  sacred  edifice,  they  proceeded  to  remove  the  lid  or  top  stone  of  a  tomb,  which  they  rolled  over  in  the  churchyard,  and  left  it  there.  The  Rev.  C.  E.  Thomas,  the  incumbent,  is  instituting  vigorous  measures  for  the  ap apprehension,  prehension, apprehension,  of  the  depredators,  but  the  fellows  have  shown  so  much  tact  and  dexterity  in  the  execution  of  their  work  that  it  is  feared  the  authorities  will  have  great  difficulty  in  bringing  them  to  justice.  A  reward  will  be  offered  for  the  apprehension  and  conviction  of  the  offenders.  •  Some  five  and  twenty  years  ago,  the  management  of  Bolski's  Quarterly  Magazine,  a  provincial  pe periodical  riodical periodical  published  at  - STYLE=superscript  Cork,  all  but  entirely  fell  into  our  hands,  when,  with  the  aid  of  some  friends,  it  was  sustained  for  some  time,  more  as  a  labour  of  love  than  for  any  profit  derivable  from  the  concern.  The  proprietor  had  been  a  respectable  printer  and  bookseller,  and  was  eminently  successful  in  all  his  undertakings,  save  and  except  this  one  of  the  xnaganinc.  Thorc  is  tcaaou  to  doubt  of  hi:t  ulti  mate  success  in  this  speculation  also,  had  not  a  parsimonious  and  miserable  spirit  taken  entire  pos possession  session possession  of  his  soul,  and  induced  him  to  believe  that  he  would  be  enabled  to  carry  it  on  with  gratuitous  contributions.  But  he  was  completely  mistaken.  Even  when  voluntary  aid  was  afforded  him  the  publication  was  often  delayed  from  week  to  week  after  the  regular  period  for  its  appearance,  sooner  than  incur  the  necessary  expense  and  outlay  in  the  printing-office.  Yet  all  this  poor  and  mistaken  economy  took  place  while  the  long  list  of  his  sub subscribers  scribers subscribers  actually  displayed  almost  the  entire  of  the  protestant  clergymen  and  gentry  of  the  extensive  county  of  Cork,  properly  called  then,  as  now,  the  Yorkshire  of  Ireland.  Such,  however,  was  the  penurious  fatuity  of  the  man.  The  magazine  continued  to  languish  for  some  time,  but  finally  died  out  of  complete  exhaustion.  The  con contributors,  tributors, contributors,  the  subscribers,  and  the  public  alike  got  tired  of.  it.  But  during  the  slow  and  wearisome  struggle  to  sustain  it  by  the  occa  sioned  gift  of  an  able  and  first-rate  article  from  some  of  the  talented  penmen  of  which  the  capital  of  South  Munster  can  boast,  the  editorial  con conductors  ductors conductors  were  surprised  by  a  constant  flow  of  manuscript  of  a  legendary  and  poetical  character  from  a  youthful  contributor  in  the  western  part  of  the  county.  It  soon  led  to  the  introduction  of  the  writer  to  some  of  the  literary  circles  of  Cork,  and  finally  to  a  friendship  between  the  parties,  which  neither  time  nor  absence  nor  distance  has  dimi diminished  nished diminished  or  broken  He  was  then,  perhaps,  abou  eighteen  years  of  age,  or  more,  but  very  youthful,  buoyant  with  fresh  feeling,  and  enthusiastic  to  a  degree,  which  nothing  but  the  bardic  afflatus  could  excuse  or  tolerate.  His  parents  were  sup supposed  posed supposed  to  have  been  in  comfortable  circumstances,  at  all  events  they  were  enabled  to  bestow  upon  him  a  good  classical  education,  and  the  seeds  of  Greek  and  Roman  literature  never  seem  to  have  fallen  into  a  more  genial  or  fertile  soil.  He  had  read  a  great  deal,  that  was  quite  evident,  but  like  most  Irish  scholars  without  system  or  method  ;  and  whatever  he  could  lay  his  hands  upon,  he  pored  over  until  he  mastered  it.  Some  rare  and  curious  tomes  now  and  again  fell  in  his  way,  of  which  he  readily  availed  himself,  and  dived  into  the_  lore  of  by-gone  ages,  so  that  - STYLE=superscript  although  his  scholastic  discipline  had  been  somewhat  irregular,  it  was  by  no  means  immature.  Snatches  of  song,  sweet  and  silvery,  such  as  Leigh  Hunt  might  have  written,  had  he  been  a  Dombey,  and  reared  up  under  the  broad  shadows  of  Hungry-hill,  or  accustomed  to  ramble  by  the  bleak  margin  of  Cape  Clear,  came  into  us  day  after  day  by  various  modes  of  conveyance  ;  for  the  penny  post  was  not  then  amongst  the  daily  enjoyments  of  life.  Stories  and  tales  without  number  and  without  end  reached  us  from  the  prolific  pen  of  the'  youthful  wanderer  by  the  western  .sea,  of  all  which  the  name  alone  of  one  still  cleaves  to  our  recollection.  It  was  It  went.  to  unfold  the  destiny  of  some  brave  Celtic  chieftain  of  the  name  and  race,  who  had  been  possessed  of  some  hereditary  insular  dominion  in  Cape  Clear  and  the  headlands.  We  can  well  remember  how  welcome  it  was  at  the  time,  while  so  far  as  the  young  author.  was  con concerned,  cerned, concerned,  it  gave  promise  of  better  things  besides,  indicating  the  bent  of  his  genius,  and  the  fertility  of  his  fancy.  It  showed  something  more,  and  which,  perhaps,  eventually  proved  more  useful  than  all  his  wonderful  application  and  untiring  industry.  This  practical  spirit  it  was  which  stood  by  him  in  Spain,  and  which  now  sustains  his  respectable  and  independent  in  France.  However,  as  soon  as  our  mutual  communications  and  our  friendship  ripened,  the  poetical  tendencies  of  the  young  Bantry  boy  predominated  and  soon  dis displayed  played displayed  itself.  A  volume  of  poetical  and  lyrical  effusions,  the  principal  poem  of  which  was  called  Zedechias  soon  appeared,  published,  strange  to  say,  in  the  chilly  and  chilling  atmosphere  of  a  southern  province.  The  name  was  scriptural,  we  really  cannot  recall  why  or  wherefore,  but  the  stream  of  poetry  was  bright  and  gentle,  and  abundant  like  the  native  —.  Little  or  nothiug,  in  a  com commercial  mercial commercial  point  of  view,  accrued  from  the  publication,  notwithstanding  the  efforts  of  several  friends,  but  nothing  of  the  kind  seems  fated  to  be  productive  in  the  beautiful  city  after  all  its  literary  celebrity.  Whilst  he  continued  in  the  West,  about  this  period,  a  young  'lady,  niece  of  the  well-known  --,  became  smitten  by  the  personal  and  mental  attractions  of  the  young  .  bard;  the  only  result  of  the  affair  appeared  to  be  a  long  and  interesting  correspondence,  which  was  certainly  a  felicitous  - STYLE=superscript  opening  of  the  -  dorrnant  power—the  Letters  of  Abelard  and  Eloise  would  have  fallen  fifty  per  cent.  in  valuation,  had  they  the  good  luck  of  meeting  with  publicity.  However,  in  a  moment  of,  punctilious  inspiration  and  honor,  a  friend  consigned  them,  per,haps  the  better  for  all  parties,  to  the  flames.  We  niust,in  all  truth  and  sincerity,  eclare  that  as  far  as  the  bard  was  concerned,  the  whole  thing  seemed  to  pass  away  with  the  scenes  and  the  locality  which  occasioned  it  An  •  offer  was  now  made  him  by  one  of  the  Killarney  branches  of  the  undertake  the  tuition  of  his  boys,  which  the  classical  poet  was  delighted  to  acceept.  He  was  fond  of  learning,  even  for  its  own  sake,  and  here  he  would  have  every  fair  opportunity  of  acquiring  it.  The  family  mansion  on  the  borders  of  the  lower  lake  was  enriched  by  a  splendid  library,  which-soon  became  the  daily  haunt  and  study  of  the  bard.  This  was  neither  more  nor  less  than  the  turning  point  of  'his  y6uthful  career  in  life,  for  here  it  was  he  become,  after  the  lapse  of  a  brief  period,  acquainted  with  a  relative  of  the  house,  and  then  employed  by  the  Spanish  government  to  raise  an  Irish  auxiliary  legion.  Young  and  enthusiastic  Celtic  volunteers  crowded  round  the  colonel,  .  longing  for  an  opportnnity  of  seeking  fame  in  the  Peninsula.  The  young  tutor  had  caught  the  att  rac  ti  on;  and  n  ow  the  whim  of  the  commanding  officer  who  solicited  his  adhesion  and  offered  inducements.  There  was  little  occa occasion;  sion; occasion;  the  tutor  insta  n  tly  th  rew  down  the  pen,  accepted,  the  sword,  and  became  a  soldier.  He  was  immediately  nominated  to  the  rank  of  adjutant  and  paymaster.  We  cannot  say  whether  the  scenery  of  Lakeview,  and  the,  lakes,  called  forth  any  ardent  ebullitions  of  the  minstrels  ,fa,ney,  for  henceforward  he  appeared  to  have  :abandoned  the  muse,  as  an  object  or  myth,  unworthy  of  a  brave  man's,  or  any  mares  . STYLE=superscript  ,  Solicitudh.  ;',.  His  countenance  and  phy phyiiognOmy—whateket  iiognOmy—whateket phyiiognOmy—whateket  his  character  may  be,  and  it  was  truly  excellerit-4--  - STYLE=superscript  were  peculiarly  Spanish  in  their  aspect  'and  outline.  A  swarthy  complexion,  black  glossy  ringlets,  and  black  curling  whiskers  on  a  small  but  well-set  head,  which  belonged  to  a  physical  der'elopment  of  limb  and  person,  slight  but  wiry,.vigorous  and  elastic,  seemed  to  recom recommend  mend recommend  him  toAh.e  colonels  military  eye,  for  the  dar daring  ing daring  leader  of  a  handful  of  hardy  and  intrepid  moun.  taineers.  He  was  accordingly  chosen  for  the  auxiliary  troops,  and  the  c  o  l  one  l'  s  ant  i  c  i  pat  i  ons  were  realized  to  their  fullest  extent.  The  young  adjutant  soon  made  his  appearance  in  the  city  of  his  recent  adoption  in  the  elegant  and  becoming  uniform  of  the  legion.  To  look  at  him,  at  this  moment,  one  would  suppose  that  he  was  never  at  home  before  in  his  voca  ti  on  —  ne  ith  er  as  th  e  novelist  writing  tales  for  the  reluctant  paymaster  and  proprietor  of  a  magaz  i  ne  ,  nor  as  th  e  pro provincial  vincial provincial  bard,  struggling  a  little  for  subsistance,  and  entirely  for  fame,  so  well  did  he  appear  !  Then  his  teeth  were  white  and  regular,  and  his  smile  so  inexpressibly  sweet—'twas  a  sort  of  quiet  fascination.  There  seemed  little  hurry  on  his  part  to  get  away  from  the  banks  of  the  Lee,  although  the  Douro  or  the  Guadalquiver  were  supposed  to  be  at  the  time  margined  with  warfare  and  bristling  with  bayonets.  His  natural  anxiety  to  see  some  service,  for  he  was  high-spirited  and  ardent,  was,  however,  tempered  by  a  not  unpardonable  vanity  to  exhibit  himself  in  the  southern  metropolis.  The  Lyceum—the  arena  of  his  literary  discussions discussions-1  -1 discussions-1  which  he  had  enriched  with  his  fervid  eloquence,  and  enlivened  by  the  copiousness  and  strength  of  his  argumentative  powers  as  a  debater,  was  sure  to  be  visited  in  his  close-fitting  costume  of  dark  and  1  braided  green  ;  while  several  Sundays  witnessed  him  attending  divine  service  in  the  well-known  chapel  of  St.  Finbar,  situated  in  the  southern  out outskirts  skirts outskirts  of  the  city.  But  his  exhibition  days  were  soon  over,  and  the  hard  labour,  peril,  and  fatigue  of  the  Carlist  warfare  succeeded,  in  which  our  young  Irish  paymaster  acquired  for  himself  a  cha character  racter character  for  steadiness,  efficiency,  and  spirit,  which  alike  recommended  him  to  his-  superiors  and  en endeared  deared endeared  him  to  his  men.  The  Carlist  affair,  not  withstanding  all  the  blood  and  treasure  that  were  wasted  during  its  continuance,  was  not  fated  to  last  for  any  lengthened  period,  and  once  over,  he  returned  again  into  private  life.  But  provi providence  dence providence  had  some  further  gifts  in  store  for  him,  for  an  arrow  from  the  bow  of  Cupid  had  expedited  the  formation,  in  some  measure,  of  his  destiny.  He  was  not  doomed  to  relinquish  the  Lusitanian  soil  as  soon  as  he  apprehended,  since  one  of  the  beauti beautiful  ful beautiful  and  dark-eyed  daughters  of  the  land  had  become  enamoured  of  the  matured  manliness  and  frank  sincerity  of  the  gallant,  educated,  and  poetical  young  Irishman.  Beautiful  we  can  well  believe  her  to  have  been  ;  for  she  is  beautiful  still,  and  amiable  we  have  heard  her  to  be  from  one  who  had  the  pleasure  of  enjoying  her  society,  and  she  brought  with  those  natural  gifts  an  acquisition  that  could  have  been  by  no  means  unacceptable,  however  disinterested,  to  the  young  soldier.  Her  fortune  was  said  to  be  a  handsome  one  ;  but  as  the  particu particular  lar particular  amount  has'  never  been  stated,  we  need  not  dwell  upon  it.  When  it  rains  it  is  often  recalled  as  a  proverbial  saying  whenever  there  seems  to  be  a  continued  run  of  good  luck,  as  at  this  period  happened  to  the  subject  of  our  hasty  memoir,  for  he  was  engaged  probably  on  account  of  his  minute  acquaintance  with  Spanish  affairs  as  one  of  the  foreign  correspondents  of  the  great  London  periodical  the  Times.  The  capabilities  of  their'correspondent  was  not  lost  upon  the  Thun 'Thunderer,'  as  they  goon.  determined  to  leave  him  no  longer  in  the  comparatively  background  of  Madrid,  but  permanently  instal  him  in  a  situation  of  greater  prominence  and  higher  responsibility.  He  was,  therefore,  ordered  off  to  the  French  capital.  Paris  soon  became  a  home  to  the  Irish  exile,  where  his  talent  and  industry  and  diplomatic  surveillance  have  created  for  his  correspondence  and  opinions  on  the  fluctuating  occurrences  of  the  day,  a  weight  in  the  political  world  which  can  scarcely  in  these  times  of  imperial  and  international  intrigue  be  overlooked  or  forgotten.  The  public—and  the  caterers  to  its  insatiable  curiosity,  the  daily  press,  look  not  so  much  to  what  Prince  Gortschakoff  has  proclaimed,  or  what  Omar  Pasha  has  done,  as  to  what  the  Paris  correspondent  of  the  Times  has  written.  His  sentences  have  become  of  more  ap ap,  , ap,  palling  significance  to  the  modern  world  than  the  handwriting  on  the  wall  in  times  of  yore  ;  and  the  Barings  and  Rothschilds  of  Europe  are  more  ac accustomed  customed accustomed  to  rely  upon  their  depth  and  solidity  in  the  disposal  of  bullion,  than  on  the  manifestoes  done  at  Izarskoe  Selo,  or  the  protocols  of  the  Sublime  Porte.  His  remuneration—twelve  hun hundred  dred hundred  a  year—is  well  earned,  and  bespeaks  the  good  sense,  as  well  as  the  liberality,  of  the  princely  pro proprietor.  prietor. proprietor.  Long  may  he  reign  beside  his  portfolio,  and  enjoy  the  -luxury  of  his  Parisian  boudoir  is  the  prayer  of  a  brother  anchorite,  of  the  olden  time,  upon  the  banks  of  the  Lancashire  Pactolus  MR.  SHRIVALL  AND  MR.  DAVID  MCLELLAN.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  SIR,—My  name  has,  very  unfortunately,  been  of  late  prominently  and  painfully,  brought  before  the  public,  especially  by  means  of  the  intemperate  letters  of  Mr.  David  M'Clellan.  With  that  individual  I  had  had  no  quarrel.  I  did  not  even  know  him;  his  name  was  never  -alluded  to  by  me,  yet  I  find  I  am  the  object  of  his  unceasing  abuse  and  scurrility,  and  he  appears  determined,  as  far  as  he  is  able,  to  injure  my.  reputation.  The  original  charge  I  totally  and  indignantly  deny.  As  to  the  charge  of  conspiracy  and  subordination  of  witnesses  made  against  me  by  Mr.  M'Clellan,  I  have  instructed  my  solicitors  to  seek  reparation  by  an  action  at  law.  Until  that  is  decided,  I  must  re request  quest request  my  numerous  friends  and  the  public  to  sus suspend  pend suspend  their  judgment.—l  am,  Sir,  yours  obediently,  FREDERIC  SHRIVALL.  Liverpool,  Nov.  21,  1853."
