text
"Unless  1  s  a  gurgling  in  her  throat,  bserved  some  blood  coming  from,  as  this  time  the  prisoner  was  on  the  floor.  The  witness  stated,  I  then  said  ,4 STYLE=superscript  Sal  will  you  go  to  the  hospital  She  nodded  he.  I  observed  that  the  blood  was  running  in  streams  from  her  neck  or  mouth.  I  got  ready  to  take  her  to  the  hospi hospital,  tal, hospital,  but  was  not  then  aware  that  her  throat  was  cut.  The  prisoner  then  got  up  and  said  he  would  take  her  himself,  and  he  mit  his  arms  round  her  neck  and  waist,  and  the  deceased  did  the  same  to  him,  and  they  left  the  house  for  the  purpose  of  goincP.,  to  the  hospital.  head,  when  The  63roner  - STYLE=superscript  :  With  the  assistance  the  prisoner  ren rendered  dered rendered  her,  was  she  able  to  walk  out  of  the  house  ?  Witness  Yes.  In  about  five  minutes  after  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  returned  and  said,  Sally  has  dropped  down  I  then  called  up  Ann  Loftus,  who  slept  in  the  garret.  The  Coroner  :  How  soon,  after  you  had  heard  that  she  had  dropped  down  dead,  was  it  that  you  heard  that  she  had  a  wound  in  her  throat  ?  Witness  :  About  half  an  hour.  When  the  prisoner  came  back  and  told  me  that  Sally  was  dead,  ha  asked  me  for  twopence-halfpenny  which  I  gave  him,  and  he  went  out.  As  he  left  the  door  he  said,  This  is  the  last  pint  I  shall  ever  get  of  In  about  five  minutes  he  came  back  again  and  sat  down  in  a  chair.  He  asked  me  to  give  him  the  scissors.  I  told  him  they  were  upstairs.  He  then  shook  hands  with  my  little  boy,  Morris,  then  little  Willey,  who  is  eight  years  of  age,  and  then  with  Ellen,  and  then  took  hold  of  me  and  bid  God  to  bless  me.  I  was  very  much  frightened,  and  I  went  to  a  neighbours  house.  I  forgot  to  tell  you  that  he  wanted  me  to  take  a  lock  of  his  hair.  It  was  then  that  I  felt  frightened  and  went  out  of  the  house.  Last  night  I  went  to  the  hospital  when  I  saw  that  the  deceased's  throat  was  out.  That  is  all  I  know  about  it.  (A  knife  was  produced  and  handed  to  the  w  itness.  It  was  covered  with  blood.)  I  cannot  say  if  that  knife  ever  belonged  to  the  prisoner.  It  was  about  six  o'clock  when  the  prisoner  and  the  deceased  left  the  house  together.  The  Coroner  (addressing  the  prisoner)  :  Have  you  any  questions  to  put  to  tile  witness  ?  Prisoner  :  No.  Sarah  Wilson  deposed  that  she  lived  with  her  husband  in  a  cellar  in  Prince  William-street.  She  was  not  on  intimate  terms  with  the  deceased,  but  had  spoken  to  her  on  the  previous  Sunday  afternoon.  I  asked  her  what  wa3  the  matter  with  her,  as  she  had  a  great  heeling  (a  lump)  on  the  side  of  her  nose.  She  said  she  was  ashamed  of  it,  but  it  came  of  itself.  I  have  seen  the  prisoner,  but  have  never  spoken  to  him.  I  know  the  last  witness,  as  her  door  is  close  against  my  cellar.  On  Monday  morning  I  got  up  about  half-past  four  o'clock  to  make  my  hus husband's  band's husband's  breakfast.  About  twenty-five  minutes  to  six  I  heard  the  deceased  cursing  the  prisoner  very  much.  They  were  coming  up  Marr-street.  The  prisoner  was  speaking  to  her  but  not  cursing.  They  went  into  the  house  belong belonging  ing belonging  to  the  prisoner's  mother.  When  in  the  house  I  heard  the  deceased  say  Have  I  got  anything  else  belonging  to  you  He  replied  Yes,  my  old  shoes;  take  them  I  did  not  hear  her  say  anything  else  until  the  deceased  called  out  Oh  my  face—my  which  she  repeated  several  times.  I  then  heard  a  rattling  with  the  mugs,  and  the  deceased  called  out  my  arm—loose  may  arm— armloose  loose armloose  the  The  next  I  heard  was  a  woman  calling  ont  in  the  street  that  Sally  Drummond  was  gone  to  the  hospital  badly  hurt.  I  thou  ran  out  of  the  house  as  fast  as  I  could  for  the  purpose  of  seeing  her,  and  I  overtook  her  in  Wolfe  -street,  just  before  she  fell.  Coroner:  Are  you  sure  she  was  alone?  Witness  :  Yes  ;  no  person  was  near  her;  she  was  alone.  She  was  lying  on  the  parapet,  her  throat  was  gaping  wide  open,  and  the  blood  was  flowing  fast  from  it.  I  was  too  weak  to  call  for  the  police,  but  went  and  set  on  a  step  opposite  to  her  till  some  men  came  up  as  they  were  roing  to  their  work.  They  did  not  call  for  the  police,  but  some  of  them,  after  looking  at  her,  went  on  to  their  work.  I  left  her,  and  went  home  and  told  my  husband,  and  when  I  came  back,  police-constable  262  was  there.  Nothing  was  done  by  any  of  the  men  to  assist  her.  She  was  put  into  a  cart,  and  taken  to  the  dead-house.  I  thought  she  was  dead  when  she  fell,  from  the  quantity  of  blood  that  flowed  from  the  wound.  The  Coroner—(to  prisoner)  :  Will  you  ask  this  witness  any  question  ?  Prisoner  No  ;  proceed  further  in:the  case,  I  shall  say"
