text
"BANKRUPTCY  COURT,  YESTERDAY  Commissioner  Steveson.)—ht  re  appeared  for  three  creditors,'  and  .sought  to  prove  a  6  _  the  bankrupt's  P''  4  of  three  promissory  notes,  -en.  security`  for  the  bank bank')sectuently  ')sectuently bank')sectuently  heard.  Mr,  'd  that  he  would  not  CASSIDAT  ;tate  the  amou  with  costs,  for  which  they  had  rupt,  Mid  upon  which  they  we  Rymer,  who  .was  for  the  assig  oppose  the  application,  but  he  was  not  quite  sure  whether  under  the  late  act,  costs  could  be  considered  part  of  the  original  liability.  The  claim  was  allowed..  CHOLERA.—The  most  favourable  reports  are  still  being'  received  as  to  the  health  of  the  town,  from  the  district  medical  officers,  as  will  be  seen'from  the  proceedings  of  the  health  Committee  yesterday.  There  had  been  no  additional  admissions  to  the.  cholera  .wards  of  the  workhouse  up  to  eight  -  lout  ovunine,  and  l.ur.  tvrrn  -  _  chiefly  emigrants,  remained  in  the  hospital,  but  of  these  a  very  large  number  are  reported  out  of  danger.  In  . STYLE=superscript  fact,  of  all  those  now  under.  treatment,  some  half  dozen  only  are  in  a  dangerous  state.  -  The  deseaso  sCenis  to  :have  - STYLE=superscript  subsided  in  Newcastle  and  Gateshead,  .Imt.is,  on  the  increase  in  several  districts  in  London.  Several  cases  have  alSo  occurred  in  Edinburgh  within  the  last  few  .  days.  -  -  Du.  CAHILL'S  LECTURES.—Dr.  Cahill  delivered  his  concluding-lecture  last:night  .upon  the  Social  Condition  of  Ireland.  The  galleries  - STYLE=superscript  and  body  of  the  hall  were  densely  thronged.  The  lecturer  went  through'  the  history  of  Ireland  from  the  period  of  the  invasion  of  the  British  in  the  reign  .of  Henry  the  Second  down  to  the  present  day.  He  argued,  that  in  every  period  of  the  history  of  the  country,  internal  war  and  mis-government  had  prevented  the  improvement  of  agriculture,  extension  of  commerce,  and  spread  of  education  which  alone  could  render  a  Country  prosperous  and  happy.  The  unfortunate  result  of  the  condition  of  the  country  in  late  years,  he  contended,  arose  -not  from  any  fault  of  the  Irish  people,  but  from  the  system  of  government  pursued  by  successive  English  monarchs,  and  partly  in  late  years  from  the  extravagance  and  the  tyranny  of  Irish  landlords.  The  lecturer  illustrated  his  argument  . STYLE=superscript  bv  examples  drawn  from  the  different  periods  of  the  Irish  history  to  .which  he  alluded.  Throughout  the  whole  of  the  lecture,  which  lasted  two  hours,  the  audience  was  most  enthusiastic  in  their  applause.  THE  WAGES  MOVEMENT  IN  PRESTON—  PROBABLE  CLOSING  OP  ALL  THE  Corrox.Mmis.—lt  is  to  be  feared  that  the  dispute  between  the  Preston  master  cotton-spiners  and  their  men,  will  not  soon  terminate.  On  Tuesday  evening,  a  meeting  convened  by  the  party  of  men  who  disapprove  of  the  present  union  of  mill  hands,was  held  at  St.  Paur  sSchool  ;  Mr.  John  Lutenar,  overlooker,  in  the  chair.  Amongst  others,  there  were  several  clergymen  present  A  resolution  was  then  moved.  by  factoif  operatives,  and  carried  unan unanimously  imously unanimously  That  a  deputation,  composed  of  hands  from  various  mills,  and  others,  should  wait  upon  the  masters  to  ascertain  on  what  terms  they  would  be  willing  to  continue  The  Rev.  S.  F.  Page,  incumbent  of  St.  P,aul's  church,  and  the  Rev.  W.  Walling,  incumbent  of  All  Saints'  church,  formed,  part  of  the  deputation  appointed.  On  Wed Wednesd.ay  nesd.ay Wednesd.ay  morning,  one  of  the  members  of  the  deputation  waited  upon  the  secretary  .  of  the  masters'  association,  to  as asertain  ertain asertain  if  they  would  receive  the  deputation,  and  subsequent subsequenty  y subsequenty  a  resolution  of  the  masters  was  forwarded  to  the  deputation  o  the  following  effect  That  acting  upon  the  principle  hat  has  hitherto  guided  the  associated  masters,  this  com committee,  mittee, committee,  with  a  due  appreciation  of  the  benevolent  motives  by  which  the  gentlemen  named  as  a  deputation  are  influenced,  s  unanimously  of  opinion  that  any  such  interview  as  that  uggested  by  'the  St.  Paul's  School  Committee  is,  the  )resunt  temper  of  the  operatives,  it  is  under undertood  tood undertood  that  the  reason  why  the  masters  refused  to  receive  the  leputation  is,  that  *the  great  bulk  of  the,  operatives  are  mder  the  influence  of  parties  from  other  towns.  .  The  nasters  declare  that  they  will  close  their  mills  until  the  nfluence  which'strangers  has  gained  over  the  men  is  entire-  Ly  removed,  and  as  the  men  refuse  to  withdraw  themselves  From  the  association  of  strangers,  it  is  believed  that  all  the  mills  in  Preston  will  be  closed.  tomorrow.  Should  this  prove  true,  thousands  of  men,  women,  and  children,  will  be  thrown  out  of  employment,  the  consequences  of  which  it  is  truly  fearful  to  contemplate.  READY  WlT.—The  Morning  Herald  says  of-  Mr.  Gladstone's  Inverness  speeches,  nail-blue-cholera-col nail-blue-cholera-collapsed  lapsed nail-blue-cholera-collapsed  condition  of  his  speeches  Is  not  this  not  ready  wit?  Wit  at  the  finger  ends  ?—Protelt.  APPLICATIONS  OF  THE  NEW  STAMP  ACT.—The  new  Stamp  Act,  whioh  came  into  operation  on  Tuesday,  besides  enacting  that  a  uniform  penny  receipt  stamp  shall  be  put  on  all  receipts  for  £2  and  upwards,  has  relation  to  other  duties.  In  case  of  any  insurance  for  lives,  a  stamp  policy  is  to  be  made  out,  and  the  officers  of  insurance  companies  are  to  be  answerable  for  any  default.  A  reduction  is  made  on  articles  of  clerkship  to  attorneys  of  the  country  palatine,  which  may  be  stamped  for  admission  into  the  superior  courts  on  the  pay payment  ment payment  of  the  additional  duty.  Additional  inventories  in  Scot Scotland  land Scotland  are  to  he  charged  with  a  certain  duty.  Licenses  to  perform  divine  services  while  churches  are  15eing  repaired  are  to  be  free  from  stamp  duty.  Where  property  is  sold  subject  to  any  mortgage,  the  mortgage  money  is  to  be  deemed  part  of  the  purchase  money  whether  agreed  to  be  paid  by  the  purchaser  or  not.  Where  property  is  sold  in  consideration  of  a  redeemable  annuity,  the  redemption  money  isrto  be  seemed  the  purchase-money.  The  Commissioners  of  Inland  Revenue  may  adjudge  what  deeds  are  liable  to  stamp  duty.  Officers  of  the  Post-office  may,  on  being  authorised,  now  sell  postage  stamps.  Playing  cards  must  not  be  sold  without  the  stamp  on  the  ace  of  of  spades.  The  stamp  duties  in  Ire Ireland  land Ireland  are  now  made:  perpetual.  Such  is  an  outline  of  the  new  duties  which  came  into  operation  on  Tuesday.  RUSSIA  IN  LONDON.—It  is  said  that  the  - STYLE=superscript  agitation  for  the  constitution  of  a  Greek  empire  is  the  politic  work  of  Russia.  That  if  others  supply  the  eloquence,  the  Greek  fire  of  talk—it  is  Russia  that.stands  the  shot.—Tetnch.  _  liarriagt4,  anZr  3tatb4.  We  shall  only  insert  such  notices  of  Births;  Marriages,  and  Deaths,  as  may  be  originally  forwarded  to  us  by  authorised  parties:  DIED,  '  wife  of  Mr,  William  31edle3,  71,  On  the  10th  inst.,  the  Chatham-street,  The  Court  sat  as  usual  at  ten  o'clock  yesterday.  RUDD  AND  BENSON  V.  FAIRCLOUGIi.  —This  was  an  action  in  which  the  plaintiffs  sought  to  recover  £2l  10s.,  the  amount  of  one  month's  interest  at  121  per  cent.  upon  £2OOO  lent  the  brother  of  the  defendant  by  the  plaintiffs.  The  plaintiffs  were  William  Thomas  Rudd,  manager  of  the  Woodside  ferry,  and  Robert  Benson,  of  Cockermouth  ;  and  John  Walsh  Fairclough  the  defendant.  Mr.  Aspinall  ap appeared  peared appeared  for  the  plaintiffs,  and  Mr.  Blair  for  the  defendant.  It  appeared  that  a  sum  of  £2OOO  was  lent  to  the  brother  of  the  defendant,  who  had  since  become  bankrupt.  Defendant  was  one  of  several  sureties,  who  had  agreed  by  a  covenant  that  the  principal  should  be  paid  upon  the  16th  of  October,  1857,  and  that  in  the  meantime  interest  at  the  rate  of  12i  per  cent.  should  be  paid  by  monthly  instalments.  The  deed  was  produced,  and  its  execution  proved,  by  the  attesting  wit witnesses.  nesses. witnesses.  Mr.  Rudd  was  then  himself  examined,  and  deposed  to  the  negociations  which  ended  in  the  lending  of  the  money  to  the  brother  of  the  defendant,  and  the  drawing  up  of  the  deed  which  had  been  produced.  Mr.  Blair  then  raised  a  legal  question,  contending  that  the  plaintiff,  in  order  to  bring  his  action  in  the  County  Court,  should  abandon  the  re remainder  mainder remainder  of  the  principal  and  interest,  as  he  was  not  allowed  by  law  to  split  his  claim  into  several  claims,  for  the  purpose  of  enabling  him  to  bring  an  action  in  that  Court.  He  con contended  tended contended  that  if  Mr.  Aspinall  did  not,  on  behalf  of  the  de defendant,  fendant, defendant,  consent  to  abandon  the  remainder  of  his  claim,  the  action  did  not  come  within  the  jurisdiction  of  the  Court.  Mr.  Blair  argued  the  question  at  considerable  length,  and  cited  several  legal  authorities  to  support  his  views.  Mr.  Aspinall  contended  that  the  objection  was  premature,  and  that  the  point  could  not  be  raised  until  the  plaintiff  actually  split  his  claim  by  bringing  a  second  action.  It  would  be  quite  a  different  thing  if  a  man  came  into  that  Court  and  said  that  he  had  a  certain  demand  for  which  he  chose  to  bring  several  actions  in  that  Court  instead  of  going  into  the  superior  Court,  and  therefore  professed  that  he  intended,  to  divide  the  claim  into  parts,  in  order  to  bring  it  within  the  jurisdiction  of  that  Court.  If  the  counsel  for  the  defence  asked  the  plaintiff  whether  the  defendant  did  not  actually  owe  him  more,  and  then  got  out  of  him  that  at  some  future  time  there  might  by  possibility  be  a  further  claim  against  defendant  fo  - STYLE=superscript  r  something  else,  that  was  not  sufficient  to  en entitle  title entitle  him  to  object  on  the  ground  that  the  action  was  split.  The  objection,  if  it  lay  in  that  case  at  all,  could  not  possibly  , STYLE=superscript  arise  until  another  action  was  brought.  The  question  hav having  ing having  been  argued  at  some  length  upon  both  sides,  the  Court  said,  that  as  the  question  which  had  been  raised  was  one  of  considerable  importance,  he  should  reserve  giving  a  decision  for  the  present.  Judgment  in  the  case  was  therefore  re reserved  served reserved  until  the  next  sitting  of  the  court.  Me.Nmais  . STYLE=superscript  v.  LurrnELL.—This  was  an  action  brought  by  John  Mc.Nellan,  in  the  employment  of  Mr.  Smart;  of  Duke-street,  brewer,  against  Richard  Luttrel,  of  Salisbury Salisburystreet,  street, Salisburystreet,  licensed-victualler,  to  recover  £l2  125.,  the  value  of  four  casks  of  Alloa  ale,  at  £3  3s.  each,  supplied  to  the  de defendant  fendant defendant  at  his  order,  Mr.  Hime  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Wheeler  for  the  defendant.  The  order  and  delivery  of  the  ale  were  proved  upon  behalf  of  the  plaintiff.  On  the  part  of  the  defendant  it  was  alleged  that  the  ale  was  delivered  in  bad  condition,  and  that  one  of  the  casks  was  leaky.  Mr.  .Luttrel  was  examined  and  deposed  that  he  received  the  ale  in  January,  and  that  he  tapped  the  first  barrel  about  the  latter  end  of.  February,  when  he  found  it  was  quite  sour.  The  plaintiff  called  about  a  fortnight  after,  and  witness  told  him  that  the  ale  was  bad.  The  plaintiff  tasted  it,  and  said  it  would  mend  by  keeping.  Several  times  after  the  plaintiff  called,  and  would  not  drink  his  own  ale.  Customers  would  not  take  it  at  one  penny  a  glass.  One  of  the  casks  also  leaked.  Defendant  stated  that  he  called  at  Mr.  Smart's  office  several  times,  but  did  not  see  him.  He  was  told  to  see  Mr.  Smart,  but  he  did  not  do  so,  only  leaving  a  message  at  the  office.  On  cross-examination  the  defendant  stated  that  he  was  not  aware  the  ale  required  to  have  a  apigot  put  into  it  occasionally  to  prevent  fermentation.  Witnesses  were  called  to  prove  that  one  of  the  casks  leaked,  and  that  the  condition  of  the  ale  was  sour.—His  Hoison  said  the  defend defendant  ant defendant  should  have  sent  back  the  ale,  instead  of  keeping  it  for  a  length  of  time,  and  pronounced  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff.  CORNFORTII  V.  CLAUS.—Mr.  Roby  appeared  for  the  plain plaintiff,  tiff, plaintiff,  Mr.  Cornforth,  who  was  a  broker,  and  sought  to  recover  the  sum  of  £22  ls.  6d.,  as  commission  upon  having  effected  a  charter  upon  a  vessel  called  the  Conisbrook,'  for  the  defendant,  Mr.  George  Claus,  an  extensive  shipowner,  at  2i  per  cent.  Mr.  Roby  stated  that  the  vessel  was  to  sail  from  Liverpool  to  Savannah,  with  cotton,  and  return  to  Liver Liverpool.  pool. Liverpool.  The  vessel  was  lost  upon  her  passage  out,  but  there  was  an  express  agreement  that  the  commission  should  be  paid,  and  no  reference  made  to  the  fate  of  the  vessel.  Mr.  Aspinall  appeared  for  the  defence.  The  plaintiff  was  exa examined  mined examined  and  deposed  that  the  usual  brokerage  charged  was  5  per  cent.,  but  after  drawing  up  the  charter  Claus  prevailed  upon  him  to  agree  to  receive  24  per  cent.,  which  he  did  in  the  hope  of  getting  more  business  from  Mr.  Claus.  Re Received  ceived Received  small  sums  upon  account  from  Mr.  Claus,  amounting  to  £6.  Mr.  Claus  said  the  outfit  of  the  ship  was  very  heavy,  and  asked  plaintiff  to  wait  for  the  remainder  of  the  money  until  her  return.  The  only  reason  he  subsequently  assigned  for  not  paying  the  money  was,  that  the  vessel  was  lost,  and  that,  therefore,  he  was  not  bound  to  pay.  Mr.  Wright  and  Mr.  Haskeyne,  brokers,  were  examined  to  prove  that  it  was  usual  to  pay  the  commission  even  in  the  event  of  the  vessel  being  lost.  On  the  part  of  the  defendant  it  was  contended  that  the  commission  was  not  to  be  paid  except  upon  the  arrival  of  the  vessel.  A  document  was  handed  in  signed  by  Mr.  Cornforth,  in  the  following  words  I  have  receiv received  ed received  from  Messrs.  Claus  and  Co.  thesum  of  £2,  which,  together  with  £4  previously  received,  makes  £6,  on  account  of  com commission  mission commission  of  the  home  charter  of  the  ship  Conisbrook,  the  re remainder  mainder remainder  not  to  become  payable  until  after  the  arrival  and  loading  of  the  said  vessel  at  The  question  in involved  volved involved  having  been  argued  at  considerable  length  on  both  sides,  his  HONOR  said—l  am  of  opinion  that  I  need  not'  call  upon  Mr.  Aspinall  for  the  rest  of  the  evidence.  I  think  that  Mr.  Cornforth,  when  he  signed  the  document,  rendered  the  matter  sufficiently  doubtful  to  justify  me  in  saying  that  he  is  not  entitled  to  recover.  There  is  likely  to  be  conflicting  evi evidence  dence evidence  with  regard  to  the  striking  out  of  the  words  the  commission  of  21  per  cent.  due  to  William  Cornforth,  on  the  signing  of  the  and  I  at  present  give  no  opinion  at  all  upon  that  part  of  the  case.  But  I  think  the  mewling  may  be  gathered  from  the  very  nature  of  the  document.  Ordinarily  the  charter  party  would  be  signed  at  the  place  from  which  the  vessel  was  to  sail.  The  parties  were  in  Liverpool,  from  which  the  vessel  was  to  sail,  and  were  making  a  charter  party  for  a  voyage  to  commence  back  again  from  Savannah.  Ido  not  think  it  is  necessary  to  decide  at  all  the  question  of  custom  as  regards  the  loss  of  the  vessel,  but  I  find  that  (the  charter  party  being  signed  on  the  24th  of  November,  1852)  on  the  19th  of  January,  1853,  thi  s  was  Mr.  Cornforth's  own  explanation  of  the  circumstances  in  which  he  then  stood.  (His  Honor  here  read  the  document  given  above.)  Now,  either  that  document  is  a  variation  of  the  original  contract,  made  under  circumstances  wherein  Mr.  Cornforth  has  been  paid  certain  money,  which  he  was  not  likely  to  receive  at  the  time,  or  it  is  his  explanation  of  the  original  contract  ;  one  or  the  other.  Whichever  I  take  it  to  be—whether  a  variation  of  the  original  contract,  made  by  him  (it  that  be  possible  under  the  circumstances),  or,  which  I  am  rather  inclined  to  think,  his  own  explanation  of  the  original  contract—l  take  it  that  the  word  must  have  referred  to  the  loading  of  the  vessel  at  Savannah.  There Therefore  fore Therefore  I  do  not  think  I  am  called  upon,  in  justice  to  the  parties,  to  enter  into  an  investigation  which  must  be  ex extremely  tremely extremely  painful,  and  must  tend  to  results  which  could  not  be  agreeable  to  one  or  other  of  the  gentlemen.  I  would  rather  fall  back  upon  the  plaintiff's  own  act,  and  adopt  the  expla explanation  nation explanation  which  he  gave  in  January,  1853,  after  some  two  or  three  months'  time  to  think  over  it,  and  repeated  applications  for  money.  As,  therefore,  the  contingency  specified  never  has  happened,  and  the  vessel  never  did  arrive  or  load  at  Sa Savannah,  vannah, Savannah,  and  as.that  is  the  condition  which  Mr.  Cornforth  himself  in  this  document  admits  should  occur  before  he  was  to  be  paid  the  remainder  of  the  money,  I  shall  say  that  he  is  not  entitled  to  recover  it.  BOYD  V.  MONDELL  AND  WILSON.—Mr.  Aspinall  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Blair  for  the  defendants.  Mr.  Aspinall  stated  that  the  plaintiff  was  engaged  as  mate  on  board  the  vessel  Elizabeth  Archer,  to  make  a  voyage  from  Liverpool  to  some  ports  in  South  America.  One  of  the  defendants,  Mr.  Wilson,  who  was  part  owner  of  the  vessel,  Was  also  captain  of  her.  There  was  no  doubt  but  the  plain plaintiff  tiff plaintiff  performed  his  duty  properly  upon  the  whole,  and  was  entitled  to  the  amount  of  his  wages,  viz.,  £47  15s.  The  only  ground  upon  which  his  claim  was  resisted  was,  that  certain  cases  of  cutlery  which  were  put  into  the  vessel  at  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  had  been  lost  somewhereupan  the  voyage,but  it  would  be  shewn  that  the  plaintiff  had  taken  all  the  care  of  them_  which  he  was  bound  to  do.  It  appeared  that  a  portion  of  the  cargo  had  to  be  landed  at  one  of  the  ports  before  reach reaching  ing reaching  he  other,  and  the  ,goods  were  therefore  exposed  about  the  deck,  and  the  natives,  who  were  generally  round  the  vessel,  might,  if  they  were  thievishly  disposed,  have  carried  them  off.  It  also  would  appear  that  the  captain  had  taken  out  some  goods  of  his  own,  to  which  he  was  attending  rather  than  to  the  others.  There  might  of  course  be  many  other  ways  in  which  the  goods  might  have  been  lost  ;  but  Mr.  Aspinall  contended  that  the  mate  was  in  no  way  responsible  for  them,  having  done  all  that  his  duty  required.  The  mate  and  other  witnesses  were  examined  to  prove  the  facts  alleged.  Mr.  Blair  contended,  upon  behalf  of  the  defendants,  that  according  to  the  custom  of  the  trade,  the  mate  was  re responsible  sponsible responsible  for  the  loss  of  the  goods,  and  his  clients  entitled  to  withhold  his  wages.  The  captain  of  the  vessel  Was  examined  to  prove  that  the  custom  of  the  trade  was,  that  all  deficiencies  in  goods  should  be  supplied  out  of  the  wages  of  the  officer  who  had  charge  of  them,  and  that,  in  the  present  case,  the  mate  alone  had  the  entira  charge  of  receiving  and  delivering  the  goods  in  question.  The  witness  admitted  that  he  had  smuggled  goods  on  shore:when  the  vessel  was  in  the  South  American  ports,  which  he  stated  was  done  in  every  Spanish  port,  but  denied  positively  that  he  had  ever  taken  the  missing  articles  on  shore.  Further  evidence  was  given  to  chew  the  liability  of  the  officer  in  charge  to  have  the  amount  of  any  loss  occurring  in  the  cargo  supplied  out  of  his  wages.  Mr.  Joseph  Mendell,  one  of  the  defendants,  deposed  that  it  was  to  his  own  knowledge  the  custom  of  the  trade  to  make  such  reductions.  On  cross crossexamination  examination crossexamination  by  Mr.  Aspinall,  the  witness  stated  that  the  ma  t  e  was  considered  liable  to  the  captain,  and  the  captain  to  the  owners.  His  HONOR  :  I  am  of  opinion  that  the  evidence  does  not  make  out  the  case.  The  statements  of  some  of  the  witnesses  go  to  prove  that  any  deficiency  what whatever,  ever, whatever,  from  pirates  or  storms  even,  are  supplied  ou  t  o  f  th  e  i  r  wages.  It  is  quite  manifest  that  they  cannot  mean  that.  What  they  .  mean,  although  they  do  not  say  it,  is  any  deficiency  in  the  care,  arising  from  short  delivery,  and  which  short  delivery  is  not  accounted  for,  by  any  cause  known  to  the  parties.  It  is  impossible  to  take  the  meaning  of  these  witnesses  in  its  general  sense.  Mr  Mondell  states  that  the  custom  is  that  the  mate  is  not  liable  to  any  one  but  the  captain,  and  the  captain  to  the  owners  ;  therefore  the  custom  as  he  states  it  does  ne  t  t  actually  extend  to  the  mate  at  all.  This  places  it  in  a  perfectly  distinct  view.  But  I  think,  without  going  into  the  question  at  all,  that  when  the  parties  have  put  their  names  to  a  document  in  which  they  make  certain  arrangements  of  their  own,  even  if  the  custom  was  made  out  to  be  a  general  one,  they  did  not  act  upon  it,  but  acted  upon  that  to  which  they  signed  their  names,  and  intended  to  limit  the  right  of  deducting  from  the  wages  to  that  which  is  specified  there,  any  loss  occurring  from  em embezzlement  bezzlement embezzlement  or  wilful  destruction  to  any  part  of  the  cargo.  Ido  not  think  the  case  sustained.  It  must  be  understood,  however,  that  I  say  nothing  regarding  the  common  law.  right  of  the  owners  to  receive  dimage  - STYLE=superscript  for  negligent  loss,  which  is  not  at  all  touched  upon  by  the  verdict  given  in  this  case.  The  court  then  decided  in  favour  of  the  plaintiff,  ordering  that  the  money  should  be  paid  into  court  to  abide  the  result  of  the  action,  which  it  was  intimated  that  the  defendants  intended  to  bring.  No  other  case  of  importance  was  heard  up  to  the  rising  of  the  Court."
