text
"AMERICA.  ARRIVAIi;OF  THE  BALTIC  [The  following  appeared  in  an  extra  supplement  with  part  of  our  impression  of  yesterday.]  The  steam  ship  Baltic,  Captain  Comstock,  has  just  arrived  here  from  New  York  with  advices  to  the  15th  inst.,  being  four  day's  later  than  those  re received  ceived received  on  . STYLE=superscript  Saturday  by  the  America.  She  has  brought  home  134  passengers,  and  One  Million  of  dollars  in  specie.  She  spoke  the  steam steamer  er steamer  Atlantic  on  the  16th  inst.  about  125  miles  from  New  York.  We  subjoin  the  letter  from  our  correspondent  in  in  New  York,  from  which  it  will  be  seen  that  the  news  from  England,  taken  out  by  the  Canada,  had  caused  quite  a  panic  in  the  Money  Market,  and  a  great  excitement  in  the  market  for  Breadstuffs,  the  prices  for  which  had  again  advanced.  The  Wash Washington  ington Washington  correspondent  of  the  New  York  TiMes  says  that  advices  had  reached  that  city,  from  Havanna  supplying  intelelligence  of  important  movements  of  the  English  Government,  in  con connection  nection connection  with  Slavery  in  the  island  of  Cuba.  It  is  stated  that  a  treaty  has  been  concluded  with  Spain,  by  which  England  is  permitted  to  prosecute  inCuba  a  search  for  slaves  that  may  have  been  landed,  and  it  is  said  that  there  is  also  a  prospect  of  her  concluding  a  treaty  by  which  she  will  withdraw  her  cruisers  from  the  coast  and  permit  slaves  to  be  landed  ad  libitum,  on  condition  that  they  shall  be  made  Emancipados  for  ten  years,  and  that  Slavery  shall  be  abolished  in  Cuba  at  the  end  of  fifty  years.  The  Times  adds  :—These  'movements,  if  the  re report  port report  . STYLE=superscript  of  them  proves  to  be  well-founded,  will  attract  the  very  general  attention  of  the  country.  from  New  Orleans  report  the  weather  'as  cool  and  fine,  and  thousands  of  an  Sell  Luca  returning,  considering  the  'danger  from  yellow  fever  entirely  over.  The  health  of  Mobile  is  nearly  restored,  and  there  are  only  occasionally  cases  of  yellow  fever.  •It  was  still  prevailing  in  various  towns  of  Mississippi  and  Louisiana.  Natchez  :is  now  free  from  the  epidemic,  and  trade  is  reviving  there.  The  fever  had  disappeared  from  Thibo Thibodeaux,  deaux, Thibodeaux,  but  at  Yazoo  City  it  was  still  raging  Se Severely.  verely. Severely.  Ad  - STYLE=superscript  vices  from  Mexico  to  the  13th  inst.  had  been  received.  There  were  reports  of  a  revolution  fat  Yucatan,  and  a  steamer  with  three  hundred  troops  had  been  despatched  to  quell  it.  Don  Lino  Alcorta  had  been  appointed  minister  of  war.  A  New  Or  leans  paper  states  that  a  conspiracy  had  been  dis discovered  covered discovered  at  Puebla,  involving  several  persons  of  influence,  some  of  whom  had  been  ordered  to  leave  the  country.  The  New  York  Herald  says  :—Our  Washington  despatches  this  morning,  contain  some  interesting  intelligence.  An  effort  is  to  be  made  to  render  the  navy  more  efficient,  in  view  of  the  anticipated  troubles  in  Europe  The  suspension  of  the  busi business  ness business  of  Mr.  Draper  appears  to  have  caused  quite  a  sensation  at  the  capital.  Captain  Gibson  has  pub  fished  a  letter  expressing  himself  satisfied  with  the  action  of  the  government  in  his  case.  Governor  Seymour,  yesterday  resigned  his  office  of  Governor  of  Connecticut,  to  assume  the  duties  of  the  Russian  mission,  and  Lieutenant  Governor  Pond  was  sworn  in  as  chief  executive  of  the  State,  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  New  York,  Saturday  Morning,  Oct.  15;  By  the  Collins  steamer  Baltic  I  send  you  a  sum summary  mary summary  of  the  latest  news,  up  to  the  hour  of  the  sailing  of  the  steamer.  The  steam-ship  Humboldt  from  Havre  and  Southampton,  arrived  at  this  port  last  evening  after  a  very  rough  passage.  •  Her  news  was  in  substance  anticipated  by  the  Canada's  ar arrival  rival arrival  at  Halifax  on  Thursday  morning.  The  Canada  reached  Boston  last  night  at  10t  p.m.  Her  moils  &amp;c.  will  reach  us  this  afternoon  at  4  o'clobli.  From  Washington  we  learn  that  some  move movements  ments movements  were  going  on  in  the  Navy  Yard,  for  putting  that  force  in  better  trim,  (in  case  of  need.)  It  is  said  that  the  United  States  Navy  des  not  possess  one  steamer  of  war  that  is  in  a  !  fit  state  to  cross  the  Atlantic.  One  of  the  leading  &gt;'v  •  .  v..  A.  - STYLE=superscript  matta.  2.1.1,31  J,  VW  V,.7  Vt/C4l/  Mr.  Dobbin,  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy,  had  on  Thursday  last,  visited  the  Collin's  steamer  Baltic;  he  afterwards  proceeded  to  Washington.  It,  is  surmised  that  the  Government  intend  buying  this  vessel,  and  converting  her  into  a  steamer  of  War.  J.  H  . STYLE=superscript  Young  has  been  commissioned  as  ConSul  to  Curacoa.  The  Washington  Star  announces  that  James  .  Gordon  Bennett,  of  the  New  York  Herald,  is  a  disappointed  applicant  for  the  mission  to  France.  General  Dix  is  to  be  released  from  the  office  of  the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury  at  New  York.  General  Almonte,  Mexican  Minister  at  Wash Washington,  ington, Washington,  in  a  communication  to  the  New  York  Herald  denies  the  fact  that  Santa  Anna  entertains  the  notion  of  the  substitution  of  Empire  for  the  pre present  sent present  existing  Republic.  Advises  have  reached  Washington  stating  that  Yellow  Fever  had  broken  out  near  the  Naval  Ren  desvous  at  Fell's  Point,  Baltimore.  The  . STYLE=superscript  Govern Government  ment Government  have  been  informed  of  serious  troubles  having'  broken  out  in  the  Cherokee  nation  ;  a  portion  of  the  natives  were  in  arms  against  the  Government,  and  had  killed  two  of  Ross's  party.  -  Some  heavy  snow  had  fallen  in  New  Hampshire;  a  letter  from  •  that  place,  dated  on  the  12th  inst.  lays  Mount  Washington  was  covered  to  the  depth  of  two  feet.  Since  mylla  - STYLE=superscript  st  .  advice's  per  the  America,  com commercial  mercial commercial  affairs  New  York.  have  been  wildly  ex excited.  cited. excited.  The  demand  for  money  has  become  greater,  while  the  supply  upon  the  market  has  been  less  Most  of  the  banks  have,  .in  a  measure,  curtailed  their  amount  of  discounts,  and  even  what  they  do  is  done  at  very  exhorbitant  rates,  say  from  10  :to  18  per  cent.  On  the  receipt  of  the  Canada's  news,  by  :  telegraph.  from  Halifax,  late  on  in  the  day!of  Thursday  a  most  severe  stringency  arose  in  money  circles,  which  almost  amounted  to  a  panic.  The  failure  which  was  announced  on  that  day  of  .  one  of  our  Wall  -street  brokers,  (Mr.  Simeon  Draper,)  had  an  effect  upon  the  busines  s;  in  . STYLE=superscript  the  street;  and  the  day  closed  heavily,  probably  the:darkest  day  in  Wall  Street  that  has  been  ex experienced  perienced experienced  this  year.  The  . STYLE=superscript  Stock  Market  fell  off  considerably  for  almost  all  descriptions  from  three  to  'five,  and  even  seven  per  cent.  On  Friday  in  consequence,.  of  further  news  by  the  Canada  tele telegraphed  graphed telegraphed  froin  Halifax,  which,  was  less  unfavorable,  the  market  for  money  was  a  shade  better,  and  -  stocks  looked  up-a  little,  but  closed  at  from  four  to  v  cent  lower  than  on:  Wednesday,  for  nearly  all  descriptions..  The  market  for  breadstuffs  has  again  advanced  under  the  advices  brought  ont  by  me  uanacta,  but  the  transactions  nave  inn  ucen  large,  shippers  are  inclined  to  await  their  private  letters  :  most  of  the  transactions  have  'been  made  for  future  delivery.  The  increased  rates  may  be  quoted  at  25  cents  for  flour,  and  4  cents  on  wheat.  The  stock  - STYLE=superscript  on  hand  is  limited  at  present,  but  as  the  winter  draws  upon  us,  the  supplies  will  be  . STYLE=superscript  forced  upon  the  market.  The  cotton  market,  owing  to  the  continued  un unfavourable  favourable unfavourable  advices  from  Europe,  continues  languid,  and  prices  drooping.  Notwithstanding,  the  reports  from  the•  south,  of  the  shortness  of  the  crop,  the  sales  have  not  averaged  400  bales  per  day,  for  the  last  week  or  -two.  In  the  provision  market  we  have  to  notice  an  'active  demand  for  pork,  fat  rather  higher  prices.  In  other  articles  there  is  no  change.  ~  Freights_  continue  extravagently  high,  to  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  flour  is  quoted  at  3s.  6d.  to  4s.  per  barrel,  and  wheat  14d.  to  15d.  per  bushel.  Exchange  on  Lon London  don London  for  remittance,  per  the  Baltic  has  been  some somewhat  what somewhat  less  in  demand,  and  lower  rates  are  current  We  quote  bills  at  sixty  days,  at  1091  to  109"
