text
"Great  Western  Lancashire  &amp;  Yorkshire  67  Do.  Fifths  ...  .  Leeds  Northern  London  Brighton  and  South  Coast  LIVERPOOL  MARKETS.--SATURDAY.  (Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  Daily  Times.)  d  In  foreign  produce  n  o  sa  l  es  i  n  any  ar  ti  c  l  e  h  ave  trans  pire,  to-day,  and  as  the  ma  r  k  e  t  is  now  cons  id  ere  d  to  b  e  c  l  ose  d  f°.'  the  Christmas  holidays,  it  is  probable-  that  very  little  bus  h STYLE=superscript  ness  will  be  done  during  the  ensuing  week.  Should  Of:  thing  of  moment  occur,  however,  we  shall  of  course  report  it.  COTTON.—The  market  is  without  change.  The  busine  s6 STYLE=superscript  done  was  fair  6,000  bales,  of  which  were  for  export  and  °  II STYLE=superscript  speculation  1,600.  In  a  case  in  the  Court  of  Queen's  Bench,  last  week,  Campbell  stronglycensured  a  barrister  for  having  been  c  °m STYLE=superscript  r  ;  cerned  in  th  e  m  ar  k  e  i  n  th  e  case  o  f  t  h  e  ce  y  ,„ STYLE=superscript  -  Land  Company.  SCHOOL  FOR  THE  BLIND.—On  Christmas  eve  the  puP  ii STYLE=superscript  i  :  of  this  excellent  institution  were  rewarded  by  those  estio  t,  ble  gentlemen  who  take  an  interest  in  the  managenia,  with  a  Christmas  tre  a  t.  Th  e  you  th  s  w  h  ose  d  e  p  r  i  vat  i  ons  rent  der  them  so  interesting  to  the  benevolent,  were  assem  bledlj,  half-past  seven  o'clock  ;  when  the  pupils  we  r  e  refreshed  vf'  o  buns-mince  pies  as  large  as  pumpkins,  and  had  wine  given  them  to  commemorate  the  occasion.  AUSTRALIAN  EmionATioN.—The  last  Australian  D  l STYLE=superscript  .„  g  •  brought  to  Limerick  a  numbe  r  o  f  reg  i  stere  d  l  etters,  enc  los;  bank  remittances  for  sums  varying  from  ,  201.  to  501.  e  3 STYLE=superscript  /0  Many  of  the  parties  making  th  ose  rem  itt  ances  were  enlibloot  by  the  ship  Africa,  which  sa  il  e  d  h  ence  prev  i  ous  to  te  Christmas.  The  accounts  from  the  sonth  of  Ireland  6t STYLE=superscript  il  l  e  that  these  parties  have  been  eminently  successful  both  at  diggings  and  in  business.  ft  loi  UIIRISTMAS  TREAT  •  .A.ND  TIIE  AGED  POOR.  —Yes  „  .,-  „  ;  be  (Sunday),  the  Rev.  Canon  Wray,  with  that  enlightened  of  benovelence  which  is  always  the  acc  ompan  i  ment  o  f  genu  o  l  piety,  gave  his  usual  dinner  t  o  th  e  aged  poor  who  Atteof  the  services  at  the  Manchester  Cathedral,  daily.  The  ~lln  ill  which  consisted  of  roast  beef  and  plum  pudding,  and  g STYLE=superscript  aol;  of  beer  to  each  person,  t  oo  k  p  l  ace  i  n  the  Todd-street  room.  About  thirty  a  ge  d  persons  sat  down  to  the  %V  at  the  close  of  the  morning  service,  their  ages  ranging  0  0  1 STYLE=superscript  !  60  to  95  years.  The  old  people,  both  ma  l  e  an  d  seemed  to  enjoy  thomsolyes  very  much,  and  Ipro)fired  i  ,  J  gratilled  at  the  kiii)  ll STYLE=superscript  lo  , STYLE=superscript  pitulity  4)l'  an  old  :41141  1V  friciol.  Rev.  Canon  .......I  were  properly  attend  •ent  was  assisted  by  four  ainiuble.  uleinber6  d  fancily,  two  _of  the  Misses  Wray,  his  daughtyrsi  an  •  Misses  Taylor,  his  grandchildren."
