text
"(IfIEPOILE  MR,  G  NIAiWELL.)  PICKING  Pocxrrs.—Two  females  (mother  and  daughter),  named  Mary  and'  Jessie  M‘Giiffy,  and  a  girl  named  Anne  Johnson,  about  16  years  of  . STYLE=superscript  .  age,  were  charged  by  Caroline  dreaves,  wha  keeps  a  •  cigar  shop  in  Haughton-street,  with  having  picked  her  pocket  of  £lO.  The  prosecutrix,  who  was  very  fashionably  attired,  said  the  eldest  M‘Guffy  entered  her  shop  on  Wednesday  night,  and  asked  her  to  take  her  daughter  as  a  lodger.  She  refused  to  do  so,  and  then  the  prisoner  Jessie  put  her  hand  into  her  (the  prosecdtrix)  pocket  and  tdok  out  her  purse,  which  contained  eight  sovereigns  and  two  pounds  in  silver,  with  which  she  ran  off.  Officer  Thompson  (detective)  said  he  went  to  a  house  occupied  by  Jessie  in  Albion-street,  where  he  found  a  large  'quantity  of  new  wearing  apparel,  and  other  things  which  she  had  just  purchased,  as  it  was  supposed,  with  the  money  stolen  from  the  prosecutrix.  She  wrs  com committed  mitted committed  for  three  months.  There  being  no  evidence  against  the  other  prisoners,  they  were  discharged.  TiE  ROBBERY  OF  JEWELLERY.--William  Johnston,  John  Flood,  William  and  James  Hadfield,  who  had  been  remanded  on  a  charge'  of  having  stolen  and  being  cancel  ned  in  the  exten extensive  sive extensive  robbery  of  jewelery  and  money  belonging  to  Mons.  Louis  Sancan,  were  brought  up.  The  details  of  this  case  was  pub published  lished published  in  our  paper  on  two  former  days.  Mr.  Black  defended  the  prisoners  Hadfield.  A  gentleman  from  the  French  consul's  Ace  attended  to  interpret  fdr  the  prosecutor.  in  addition  to  the  evidence  already  given  it  was  pkoved  that'  the'  -  Haiftelds'  and  andther  Person  (not  in  custody),  had  brought  the  trunk,  containing  the  motley  and  property,  from  the  depot  at  the  custom  house  to  a  public  house  in  Old'  Hall-street,  and  that  they  had  changed  a  good  many  pieces  of  the  American  gold,  and  purchased  clothes.  The  prisoners  Hadfield  were  passengers  by  same  ship,  the  Driver,  as  the  prosecutor,  from  New  York.  Several  drapers  and  other  shopkeepers  were  examined,  and  they  stated  that  the  prisoners  purchased  goods  at  their  respective  establish establishments,  ments, establishments,  and  paid  in  American  coin.  Inspector  Murphy  said,  when  be  arrested  Flood  at  his  house  in  Henry  -street,  Man Manchester,  chester, Manchester,  he  found  there  the  trunk,  with  numerous  articles  and  several  lumps  of  silver,  which  the  prosecutor  identified  as  his  property.  Mr.  Washington,  of  Old  Hall-street,  identified  Johnston,  whose  mother  offered  some  of  the  jewellery  to  him  for  sale.  Mr.  Washington  also  proved  that  he  gave  informs•  tion  which  led  to  the  discovery  of  the  property  and  the  arrest  the  prisoners.  'the  allegation  of  Johnston  was,  that  he  found  George's  Pier-head,  and,  s  pointed  out  as  mixed  pert  at  low  water  mark,  'nfirmation  of  t  The  evidence  against  him  hot  being  considered  suffieient,  he  was  discharged.  He  made  several  attempts  to  get  back  the  property  found  on  him,  but  the  only  effect  pro produced  duced produced  was  some  laughter  at  hie  impudence.  The  other  pri prisoners  soners prisoners  were  fully  committed  for  trial.  up  ,with  it.  THE  £52  ROBBERY.—Anne  Wrigg  was  brought  up  on  re remand,  mand, remand,  on  a  charge  of  having  stolen  £52  from  Mr.  George  Murphy.  Two  or  three  witnesses  were  questioned,  but  their  evidence  did  not  throw  any  light  on  the  subject,  and  the  magistrate,  not  deeming  the  evidence  sufficient,  discharged  the  prisoner.  SAD  CASE.—In  our  paper  of  this  day  week  there  appeared  a  case  under  this  bead,  in  reference  to  a  young  woman  named  Louisa  Montague,  who  was  brought  up  on  a  charge  of  stealing  some  money  and  wearing  apparel  from  a  female  *ho  keeps  a  disreputable  house  in  Vinch-street.  On  that  occasion  the  girl  was  remanded.,  When  brought  up  yesterday,  she  pre presented  sented presented  quite  a  different  appearance  from  what  she  did  on  the  former  day.  She  was  attired  in  the  first  fashion.  On  being  put  to  the  har,  the  police  officer  said  there  was  no  one  appear.  ing  to  sustain  any  charge  against  her.  She  was  then  discharged.  It  was  stated  that  some  of  her  friends  had  arrived  from  Dublin,  and  had  settled  the  affair  in  dispute;  and  had  furnished  her  with  the  clothes  which  she  now  wore,  and  that  she  was  to  be  taken  back  to  that  city  by  her  friends,  who  are  said  to  be  highly  respectable.  BEERHOUSE  CASES.—John  Warburton,  St.  Andrew..street,  was  charged  with  selling  liquors  on  Sunday,  13th  inst,  at  pro prohibited  hibited prohibited  hours.  Mr.  Black  was  for  the  defendant,  and  in  reply  to  him  the  officer,  Southwell,  705,  said  he  was  in  plain  clothes  at  the  time.  Mr.  Block  produced  a  lodger  in  the  house,  who  said  the  parties  found  in  the  house  were  his  visitors—dis visitors—dismissed:  missed: visitors—dismissed:  Elizabeth  Madden,  Chadwick  street,  was  charged  with  a  similar  offence  on  Sunday  morning  last,  an&amp;  with  having  five  persons  in  the  house.  The  defence  was  that  the  people  were  lodgers—dismissed.  Bridget  Linden,  Wolfe  -street,  fined  L  5  and  costs,  for  doing  business  at  prohibited  hours  on  Sunday.  Elizabeth  Mallin,  Chadwick-street,  charged  with  Sunday  trading  :  acquitted.  George  Whitley,  St.  Bride-street,  Sun Sunday  day Sunday  trading  :  fined  40s.  and  costs.l  Ellen  ()Dowell,  Oriel Orielstreet,  street, Orielstreet,  for  Sunday  trading  :  acquitted.  Richard  Barterwood,  Gaseoyne-street  )  for  Sunday  trading:  acquitted.  Anne  Houghton  Bevington-street,  for  S  un  d  a  y  t  ra  di  ng  :  ac  q  u  itt  e  d.  Robert  Worrell,  Edward-street  :  acquitted.  CHARGE  OF  STEALING  NAlLS.—lnspector  Murphy  brought  up  Joseph  and  Thomas  Ray,  and  Philip  M'Cortnick,  on  the  following  charge.  It  appeared  that  about  three  cwt.  of  new  composition  nails,  value  £l6,  had  been  stolen  from  the  ship  Magna  Charts,  in  the  Sandon  graving  dock.  The  prisoner  Thomas  Ray,  had  purchased  old  nails  from  the  vessel,  and  whilst  conveying  the  rubbish  from  the  ship,  the  prisoners  were  charged  with  mixing  up  the  new  nails  with  the  old.  The  three  prisoners  were  stopped  at  six  o'clock  in  the  morning,  leaving  the  dock  with  the  property.  Upwards  of  220  lbs.  weight  of  the  new  nails  were  picked  out  of  the  rubbish,  and  two  boys  were  still  engaged  separating  them.  The  captain  of  the  ship  proved  having  sold  the  old  nails  to  Thomas  Ray,  but  he  denied  having  authorised  the  prisoners  to  take  new  nails.  In  reply  to  Mr.  Campbell,  who  appeared  for  the  defence.  the  captain  said  the  ship  had  been  coppered  about  a  year  ago,  but  the  coppering  did  not  last  its  time.  The  usual  course  was  to  ,nd  materials  go  to  Moss  and  Co.,  and,  at  to  adopt  that  course  ;  but  afterwards,  he  resolved  to  sell  the  old  nails  and  the  sweepings.  Some  wit-,  et  the  old  nail  nesses  were  examined,  an  be  prisoners  were  remanded  to  this  day  to  produce  further  evidence.  (BEFORE  MR.  MANSFIELD.)  Mr.  William  Watson,  butcher,  of  Richmond-row,  was  summoned  by  police-officer  661,  for  allowing  a  ferocious  dog  (which  belongs  to  him,)  to  be  at  large,  and  also  for  refusing  to  give  his  name,  under  the  following  circum circumstances  stances circumstances  :  —The  officer  stated  that  on  the  night  of  the  17th  of  January,  about  twelve  o'clock,  while  on  duty  in  Rich Richmond-row,  mond-row, Richmond-row,  he  heard  a  man  crying  out  as  if  in  distress.  He  hastened  to  the  spot,  and  saw  the  man  standing  in  the  street  and  two  dogs  jumping  at  him.  On  coming  up,  the  dogs  ran  into  the  defendant's  house,  at  the  door  of  which  he  himself  was  standing,  and  the  man,  whose  name,  it  was  subsequently  ascertained,  was  Richard  Williams,  was  so  much  alarmed,  that  he  could  not  at  first  give  his  name.  Whilst  the  complainant  was  questioning  him,  the  defen defendant  dant defendant  came  up  and  asked  the  officer  if  he  was  making  a  charge  against  him  for  his  dogs.  He  was  also  very  offen offensive  sive offensive  in  his  manner,  and,  taking  the  officer  by  the  collar,  demanded  his  number.  The  complainant  replied,  you  have  now  got  my  number  —what  is  your  name  ?  I  must  summons  you  for  having  ferocious  dogs  at  large  in  the  The  defendant  answered  that  he  would  see  him  d—d  before  he  gave  his  name,  but  subsequently  stated  that  it  was  Watson,  and  that  he  lived  in  the  street,  but  refused  to  give  his  Christian  name.  The  complainant  then,  with  the  assistance  of  officer  314.  took  him  to  the  station,  where  he  gave  his  name,  and  was  discharged,  but  complained  that  while  taking  him  there,  he  was  obstructed  by  Mr.  Smith,  publican,  of  Richmond-row.  Both  officers  made  their  statements  in.  a  very  correct  and  clear  omanner  ;  but,  on  the  other  hand,  the  defendant  and  his  witnesses,  among  whom  was  the  man  Richard  Wil Williams,  liams, Williams,  who  stated  that  he  had  been  alarmed,  though  not  injured  by  the  dogs,  positivelY  denied  that  Mr.  Smith  offered  any  obstruction  to  them.  Mr.  Martin  appeared  on  behalf  of  the  defendants.  Mr.  Mansfield  said  that  he  felt  difficulty  in  dealing  with  the  case,  in  consequence  of  the  great  discrepancy  in  the  evidence.  It  was  clear  that  the  dogs  had  ran  after  the  man,  and  that  he  had  been  alarmed;  and  the  officer,  only  acting  as  a  zealous  officer  should  do,  and  naturally  conceiving  that  the  man  would  not  have  been  so  alarmed  had  not  the  dogs  attacked  him,  and  that,  therefore,  they  were  ferocious,  considered  it  his  duty  to  endeavour  to  ascertain  to  whom  they  belonged,  and  was,  on  that  account,  justified  in  demanding  the  defendant's  name.  It  was  to  be  regretted  for  the  sake  of  good  order  in  the  town,  that  parties  should  offer  any  obstruction  to  the  police  ;  but,  as  from  the  discrepancy  in  the  evidence,  it  was  impossible  to  say  that  there  had  been  a  serious  obstruction,  the  defendant  should  be  acquitted.  IMPORTANT  QUESTION  UNDER  THE  MERCHANT  SHIPPING  AND  COMMON  LAW  PROCEDURE  ACTS.—STEAD  V.  HOWARD.  —The  plaintiff,  who  is  a  seaman,  and  for  whom  Mr.  Squarey  appeared,  summoned  the  defendant,  mas  t  er  of  the  British  ship  Persian,  for  61.,  balance  of  wages.  Mr.  Simon  appeared  for  the  defendant.  It  was  admitted  that  the  wages  had  been  earned,  but  it  was  con contended  tended contended  that  as  the  money  had  been  attached  under  an  absolute  order  of  the  court  of  passage,  obtained  on  a  judgment  that  went  by  default,  the  summons  could  not  lie  against  the  defendant.  Mr.  Squarey  contended,  that  as  under  the  233rd  section  of  the  merchant  shipping  act,  it  was  specifically  enacted,  that  no  wages  due  or  accruing  to  a  seaman  or  apprentice  should  be  subject  to  attach attachment  ment attachment  or  arrestment  from  any  cause,  the  provisions  of  the  common  law  procedure  act  of  1854,  which,  in  general  terms,  gave  the  power  of  attachment,  did  not  affect  the  first  mentioned  act.  Both  acts  were  passed  in  1854,  the  merchants  shipping  act  being  chapter  124,  and  the  common  law  procedure  act,  chapter  125.  Mr.  Simon,  on  the  other  hand,  contended  that  the  provisions  of  the  latter  did  apply  to  the  first  mentioned  act,  and  that  the  court  of  passage,  though  it  was  denied  by  Mr.  Squarey,  had  the  case  for  a  week.  power  fieldad  j  o  o  f  urned  making  hi  s  t  j  h  u  e  d  g  o  m  r  d  e  e  n  r  t  o  i  n  e  t  a  h  t  o  t  achme  nt.  Mr.  Mans-  REPRESENTATION  OF  NE -UPON-TYNE.-It  is  stated,  upon  what  appears  authority,  that  in  consequence  of  the  continued  indisposition  of  Mr.  Blackett,  M.P.,  he  will  retire  from  the  representation  of  Newcastle-upon-Tyne  immediately  upon  the  meeting  of  Parliament.  Mr.  George  Ridley,  barrister,  brother  of  Sir  Matthew  White  Ridley,  of  Blagdon,  and  son  of  the  late  Sir  M.  W.  Ridley,  who  for  many  years  represented  Newcastle-on-Tyne,  will  be  brought  forward  in  the  liberal  interest.  THE  EAST  INDIA  CIVIL  SERVICE  AND  HAILEYBURY.--  At  the  examination  of  candidates  for  admission  to  Hailey Haileybury,  bury, Haileybury,  which  terminated  on  the  6th  instant,  se  t  a  v  tn  e  ha  n  d  rejected.  In  order  to  obtain  the  most  promising  talent,  individual  directors  applied  at  once  to  our  leading  public  othertr  weschoolssoutWinchester  o  oa  r  os  .l  ot  youths  nhea.t  on  l  likely  Rugby  y  toss  Harrowse  e  d  dn  o  credit  etreudop  int  to  eao,bn  eyE:  tM  although  o  allparties  nero  hnea,n  no  special  preparation,  and  only  four  days  notice.  e  n STYLE=superscript  y  d STYLE=superscript  soh  te STYLE=superscript  m  h STYLE=superscript  a  r STYLE=superscript  T  ay  lors'  dee,"
