text
"THE  COURT  WINDSOR,  JAN.  25.—The  Queen,  accompanied  by  the  Princess  Royal,  Princess  Alice,  and  Princess  Vic Victoria  toria Victoria  Gauromma  of  Coorg,  drove  out  this  morning  in  an  open  carriage.  His  Royal  Highness  Prince  Albert  went  out  shooting,  accompanied  by  the  Duke  of  Cambridge,  General  la  Marmora,  and  Captain  Drummond,  R.N.  The  Prince  of  Wales  and  Prince  Alfred  rode  out  on  horseback,  attended  by  Mr.  Gibbs.  General  la  Marmora,  commanding  the  Sardinian  Contingent  of  the  allied  armies,  was  invested  by  her  Majesty,  on  Thursday,  in  the  Royal  Closet,  with  the  insignia  of  the  Grand  Cross  of  the  Bath.  SATURDAY,  JAN.  26.—The  Indian  Princess  of  Coorg  , STYLE=superscript  who  had  been  the  guest  of  the  Queen  during  the  last  few  days,  took  leave  of  her  Majesty  this  morning,  and  quitted  the  castle.  His  Royal  Highness  the  Duke  of  Cambridge  took  leave  of  the  Queen  and  Prince  to-day,  and  returned  to  the  metropolis.  Her  Majesty  and  his  Royal  Highness  Prince  Albert  promenaded  in  the  fore forenoon  noon forenoon  within  the  Home-park.  Gen.  la  Marmora,  G.C.8.,  the  commander  of  the  Sardinian  army  in  the  Crimea.  quitted  the  castle  this  day,  and  proceeded  to  London.  On  Wednesday  next,  her  Majesty  and  his  Royal  High Highness  ness Highness  Prince  Albert,  attended  by  the  ladies  and  gentlemen  of  the  royal  suite,  will  leave  the  castle  for  Buckingham Buckinghampalace,  palace, Buckinghampalace,  where  the  Queen  will  hold  a  privy  council  for  the  purpose  of  settling  the  speech  from  the  throne  on  the  opening  of  parliament.  At  the  council  her  Majesty  will  appoint  the  high  sheriffs  for  the  Eng English  lish English  and  Welsh  counties  for  the  present  year.  On  Thursday  the  Queen  will  go  in  state  to  the  House  of  Peers,  for  the  purpose  of  opening  the  sessions  of  parlia parliament;  ment; parliament;  and  after  performing  the  august  ceremony,  her  Majesty,  with  Prince  Albert,  and  the  ladies  and  gentle gentlemen-i  men-in-waiting, gentlemen-i  are  expected  to  leave  Buckingham Buckinghampalace  palace Buckinghampalace  the  same  afternoon,  and  return  to  Windsor Windsorcastle.  castle. Windsorcastle.  We  learn  from  Constantinople,  that  Omar  Pasha  was  expected  to  arrive  in  that  city  on  the  14th  instant.  -0  , STYLE=superscript  COLONIAL  BENCII.—W.  Carpenter  Rowe,  Esq.,  Q.C.,  of  the  Western  Circuit,  and  the  Parliamentary  Bar,  is  appointed  Chief  Justice  of  Ceylon.  ROYAL  RECOGNITION  OF  MECHANICAL  GENIUS.-0n  Sa Saturday,  turday, Saturday,  Captain  Francis  Pettit  Smith  received  a  letter  from  the  First  Lord  of  the  Admiralty,  communicating  the  gratifying  intelligence  that  on  the  recommendation  of  Viscount  Palmerston,  her  Majesty  had  been  pleased  t  o  confer  upon  him  a  life  pension  of  £2OO  per  annum,  in  consideration  of  the  ser  vices  he  had  rendered  his  coun country,  try, country,  as  the  first  proposer  and  fitter  of  the  screw  to  the  mercantile  marine  and  fleet  of  Great  Britain.  Tna  LATE  Mn.  DYCE  Somnße's  Nirim..—On  Saturday  in  the  Prerogative  Court,  Sir  I.  Dodson  delivered  judge_  ment  in  the  case  of  Dyce  Sombre  against  Troop  Solarol  and  Princep  and  the  East  India  Company,  touching  the  validity  of  the  will  of  the  deceased  gentleman.  The  learned  judge  pronounced  against  the  valiidity  of  the  will  and  codicil,  and  condemned  the  executors  and  the  East  India  Company  in  the  costs.  Administration  was  decreed  to  Mrs.  D.  Sombre.  CABINET  COUNCIL.--At  two  o'clock  on  Saturday,  the  Cabinet  Ministers  assembled  at  the  Foreign  Office,  Downing-street  —summonses  having  been  issued  on  Thursday  last.  Lord  Panmure  was  well  enough  to  he  present.  The  Lord  Chancellor,  the  Duke  of  Argyll,  Lord  Clarendon,  Sir  G.  Lewis,  Mr.  Vernon  Smith,  Mr.  Baines,  Lord  Granville,  Sir  G.  Grey,  Lord  Stanley  of  Alderley,  and  the  Right  lion  H.  Labouchere  also  attended,  L  ird  Lansdowne  was  absent,  the  noble  marquis  having  left  London  for  two  or  three  days.  The  ministers  re remained  mained remained  on  deliberation  until  near  six  o'clock.  The  Marquis  d'Azeglio,  his  Sardinian  Majesty's  Minister  to  the  British  Court,  pail  a  visit  to  Lord  Clarendon  at  the  Foreign  Office,  Downing-street,  after  the  breaking  up  of  the  Cabinet  Council.  THE  PEACE  NEGOCIATIONS.-Although  the  Govern Governments  ments Governments  of  France  and  England  have  not  as  yet  received  from  Austria  the  formal  proposals,  upon  which  alone  official  action  can  he  taken,  it  is  not  premature  to  an announce  nounce announce  that  the  Earl  of  Clarendon  will  assist  at  the  Conferences—which  will  be  held  at  Paris  —as  Plenipo Plenipotentiary  tentiary Plenipotentiary  upon  the  part  of  the  Queen  of  Great  Britain.  The  French  Emperor  proposed  to  the  English  Govern Government  ment Government  that  London  should  be  the  place;  the  English  Government  fixed  on  Paris,  and  expressed  a  hop  e  that  no  objection  would  be  made.  This  choice  has  been  acquiesced  in  by  Russia.  The  Russian  Government  has  fixed  on  M.  Bruno'  as  its  representative  at  the  Confer Conferences.  ences. Conferences.  No  intimation  has  been  made  to  Prussia  that  her  acceptance  of  the  Austrian  Proposals  is  a  sine  qua  non  to  her  admission  to  the  Conferences.  Prussia  will  be  left  in  the  same  inglorious  loneliness  in  which  her  own  choice  has  placed  her.  Count  Buol  is  spoken  of  as  the  Austrian  Plenipotentiary.  Massimo  d'Azeglio  is  named  as  the  representative  of  Piedmont."
