text
"NORTHERN  TIMES.-LIVERPOOL,  TUESDAY,  JANUARY  15,  1856.  shores  of  Nicaragua,  as  though  they  had  been  abandoned  by  treaty  !  The  British  Government  take,  it  appears,  precisely  the  opposite  view  as  to  the  real  meaning  of  the  convention,  and  where  opinions  differ  so  widely,  there  is  certainly  ample  room  for  discussion,  if  nothing  more.  With  reference  to  the  question  of  enlistment  of  recruits  in  the  States  for  the  service  of  this  country,  we  cannot  conceive  what  wrong  has  been  done.  If  England  endeavoured  to  entice  American  citizens  into  her  service,  then,  indeed,  she  would  be  committing  a  breach  of  the  municipal  laws  of  the  States.  But,  where  she  asks  those  who  are  foreigners  and  aliens,  according  to  the  constitutional  law  of  the  Union,  to  give  their  services  for  a  certain  consideration,  we  certainly  cannot  see  anything  in  such  a  transaction  which  calls  for  reparation.  Men  who  have  not  become  naturalised,  or  do  not  enjoy  the  full  rights  of  citizenship,  are  not,  surely,  bound  not  to  dispose  of  their  services,  or  not  to  leave  the  States  to  employ  their  time  as  they  may  think  proper.  An  Englishman,  an  Irishman,  or  a  Scotchman,  an  Hungarian,  a  Pole,  or  a  German,  to  whom  the  Constitution  denies  the  rights  of  citizenship  enjoyed  .by  native  Americans,  could  scarcely  be  guilty  of  a  violation  of  the  law  by  simply  entering  into  an  engagement  to  leave  the  States  to  embark  in  the  military  service  of  any  other  country.  Still,  we  hold  it  to  be  mean  and  contemptible  in  great  Powers  going  about  from  country  to  country  seeking  for  men  to  fight  their  battles,  when  the  money  expended  in  such  abortive  pursuits,  if  judiciously  applied,  would  secure  at  home  the  best  raw  material  to  be  found  in  the  world  for  an  army.  The  American  Government  may  feel  morally  aggrieved  on  this  subject  ;  but  we  do  not  see  how  any  legal  wrong  can  have  been  committed,  considering  how  chary  the  citizens  of  the  Union  are  in  sharing  with  the  subjects  of  other  countries  the  municipal  and  inter  national  privileges  their  constitution  confers  upon  themselves.  The  subject  is  one,  however,  on  which  displomacy  may  fairly  bestow  all  its  leisure  hours,  and  ingenious  arguments  !  It  will  keep  alive  those  wilder  passions  of  an  excitable  people  which  must  be  fed  as  well  as  the  cool  and  reflective  por portions  tions portions  of  a  nation.  While  the  latter  are  busying  themselves  about  tariffs,  and  taxation  assuming  the  formidable  proportion  of  three  to  one  when  compared  with  the  actual  financial  wants  of  a  Government,  the  filibusters  may  enjoy  to  their  hearts'  content  the  prospect  of  an  irruption  with  them  There  is,  however,  in  the  moral  and  solid  side  of  the  American  people  a  large  pre preponderance  ponderance preponderance  to  be  found  in  favour  of  peace  :  and  it  would  take  something  more  than  the  diplomatic  construction  put  on  a  treaty,  or  Ministerial  quibbling  )  disturb  the  relations  between  two  nations  who,  though  they  profess  to  be  rivals,  cannot  forget  that  their  interests  are  identical.  But,  passing  from  the  political  to  the  material  phases  of  the  message,  we  must  congratulate  the  American  Government  on  their  most  astounding  financial  condition.  We  predicted  last  year  that  a  season  of  repletion  was  close  at  hand,  and  that  the  Cabinet  would  find  themselves  constrained  not  only  to  modify  their  tariff  but  to  make  very  large  reductions  in  their  internal  taxation.  And  we  have  now  the  satisfac•  tion  of  finding  the  PRESIDENT  using  these  words  The  principle  that  all  monies  not  required  for  the  current  expenses  of  the  govern 'govern'  ment  should  remain  for  active  employment  in  the  hands  of  the  people,  and  the  conspicuous  fact  that  the  annual  revenue  from  all  sources  exceeds,  by  millions  of  dollars,  the  amount  needed  for  a  prudent  and  economical  adminis administration  tration administration  of  public  affairs,  [cannot  fail  to  suggest  the  - STYLE=superscript  propriety  of  an  early  revision  and  reduction  the  tariff  of  duties  on  imports.  It  is  now  so  generally  conceded  that  the  purpose  of  revenue  alone  can  justify  the  imposition  of  duties  on  import  that  in  readjusting  the  impost  tables  and  schedules,  which  unquestionably  require  essential  modifications,  a  departure  from  the  of  the  present  tariff  is  not  As  for  regarding  the  principles  of  the  tariff  as  inviolable,  we  know  full  well  the  value  of  such  a  Ministerial  assurance.  The  message  shows  us  that  while  the  expendi expenditure  ture expenditure  for  the  fiscal  year  amounted  to  56,365,393  dollars,  the  receipts  reached  65,003,930  dollars  which  added  to  the  balance  in  the  Government  coffers  at  the  beginning  of  the  year,  swelled  the  amount  at  the  disposal  of  the  Cabinet  to  86,856,710  dols.  which  will  leave  at  the  close  of  the  year,  after  paying  all  estimated  disbursements,  an  unemployed  balance  in  the  Treasury  of  15,623,863  dollars.  Such  an  absorption  of  the  available  means  of  a  commercial  country,  cannot  be  long  tolerated  by  any  enlightened  Legislature.  PRESIDENT  PIERCE  tells  us  that  the  American  revenue  is  derived,  for  most  part,  from  duties  on  imported  articles.  He  then  goes  on  to  lay  it  down,  as  a  sound  axiom  in  political  economy,  that  the  principle  that  all  monies  not  required  for  the  current  expenses  of  Government  remain  for  active  employment  in  the  of  the  Wow,  if  this  be  the  PRESIDENT'S  conviction,  and  if  the  American  revenue  is  mainly  derived  from  import  duties.  we  are  at  a  loss  to  understand  how  the  existing  high  tariff  can  be  modified,  without  departing  from  its  present  principles  ?  If  the  States  must  curtail  taxation,  so  as  to  leave  in  the  hands  of  the  public  those  large  sums  of  money  which  are  not  required  to  meet  the  current  expenditure,  they  will  be  compelled  to  reduce  their  tariff;  and  their  success  in  trade  and  commerce'  will  increase  that  necessity,  until  they  will  find  themselves  con constrained  strained constrained  to  adopt  Free  Trade,  or  throw  aside  the  a  of  the  present  Cabinet,  as  regards  the  convie  impropriety  of  exacting  from  the  citizen  more  money  than  is  really  required  to  meet  the  expenses  of  government.  Free  Trade  is  the  offspring  Of  necessity.  No  nation  will  pass  voluntarily  from  prohibition,  with  all  its  concomitant  sluggish-  ness,  to  unbridled  enterprise,  with  all  its  bustle  and  toil,  until  some  great  accumulation  of  wrongs  forces  it  on  them.  ,England  was  driven  into  Free  ersity,  and  America  will  assuredly  be  MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL.  LIVERPOOL,  MONDAY  EVENING,  There  has  been  rather  a  better  feeling  in  the  Liverpool  Cotton  Market  to-day,  and  a  slight  increase  in  the  amount  of  business  done,  the  sales  reaching  7,000  bales,  of  which  1,500  have  been  taken  for  speculation  and  export.  Prices  remain  without  change  from  Friday.  The  Liverpool  Share  Market  opened  with  con considerable  siderable considerable  steadiness,  notwithstanding  the  decline  in  Consols  at  the  opening,  and  improved  during  the  day  with  the  advance  in  Consols,  closing  a  shade  below  the  highest  point  :—Aberdeen,  11  111-.  Chester  and  Birkenhead,  121  13.  Caledonian,  261  27.  Chester  and  Holyhead,  1111;.  Eastern  Coun Counties,  ties, Counties,  81,  81.  East  Lancashire,  17/  171.  Great  Northern,  211  221.  Ditto  A,  9  9/.  Great  Western,  514  521.  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Stock,  76  761,  Liverpool,  Crosby,  and  Southport,  13$-  14.  Lon_  don  and  North  Western  Stock,  931-  931.  Manches Manchester,  ter, Manchester,  Sheffield  and  Lincoln,  23  231.  Ditto  Prefer Preference,  ence, Preference,  131  131.  Ditto  New  6  per  cent  Pref.,  7-16  tp.  Midland  Stock,  62i  63.  North  British,  7  3-16  71.  North  Staffordshire,  81  8!d.  South  Eastern,  16  15-16  17  1-16.  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  161  16f.  York  and  North  Midland,  22!  221.  Dutch  Rhenish,  `!  d.  Great  Western  of  Canada,  241  24  Ditto  New  Shares,  2  3-16  2  5-16  p.  Great  Luxem Luxembourg,  bourg, Luxembourg,  101  10d.  The  steamer  Asia  has  arrived  here  from  Boston  with  dates  from  New  York  to  the  Ist  inst.,  but  she  has  not  brought  any  specie,  and  her  commercial  advices  are  more  than  usually  devoid  of  interest.  Exchange  on  London  is  again  quoted  lower,  the  outside  rates  being  108  Q.  The  long-delayed  Annual  Message  of  the  President  was  read  to  the  Senate  on  the  31st  ult.,  and  will  be  found  in  the  present  number  of  our  paper.  Its  tone  on  the  subject  of  Foreign  Relations,  about  which  so  much  anxiety  had  been  felt  in  financial  circles,  is  digni  fied  and  unexceptionable,  and  certainly  not  more  emphatic  in  language,  or  less  friendly  in  temper,  than  the  nature  of  pending  diplomatic  differences  with  one  or  two  of  the  European  States  would  seem  to  call  for.  The  Message  also  affords  a  gratifying  summary  of  the  very  flourishing  con condition  dition condition  of  the  revenues  of  the  Government,  and  the  rapid  reduction  of  the  Public  Debt.  The  official  weekly  Banking  Averages  to  Saturday,  December  29,  made  up  for  five  days  only—Christ.  mas  intervening—show  the  following  changes:—  Increase  of  Loans  ......  .  ,  .  .  $733,573  Loss  of  Gold  Increase  of  Circulation  ..  63,053  Apparent  Gain  in  Deposits..  Gross  Deposits,  average  six  days,  December  22...  77,241,096  Less  Clearances  ....  20,685,007  Actual  Deposits  Gross  Deposits,  average  five  days,  December  29  80,438,627  Less  Clearances  Actual  Deposits,  December  29  556,736,775  Actual  Increase  only  The  English  Stock  Market  to-day  was  almost  exclusively  influenced  by  the  intelligence  from  Vienna.  In  the  morning,  chief  stress  was  laid  upon  the  reported  rejection  by  Russia.  The  Funds  consequently  shewed  cohsidcrable  flatness,  at  a  fall  of  4  per  cent.  At  a  late  hour,  however,  ro  was  more  disposition  to  hope  that  Russia  is  really  desirous  of  retiring  from  the  contest,  and  that  diplomacy  will  make  renewed  attempts  to  effect  an  adjustment  of  the  points  still  in  dispute,  and  the  Funds  suddenly  rallied.  The  recovery  was  fairly  maintained  to  the  close,  the  final  quotations  being  4  per  cent.  higher  than  those  of  Saturday,  namely,  861  862.  At  Paris,  the  news  of  the  day  has  evidently  been  received  with  satisfac satisfaction.  tion. satisfaction.  The  French  Funds  were  reported  by  tele  graph  as  being  this  afternoon  about  one  per  cent.  higher  than  on  Saturday.  Money  maintains  full  rates  in  Lombard-street,  but  no  pressure  is  observible.  In  the  Stock  Exchange  there  was  a  moderate  demand,  at  5  to  52  per  cent.  on  Government  Securities.  Business  in  the  Railway  Share  Market  continues  very  quiet,  but  prices  to-day  were  firmly  supported.  The  last  quotations  were  as  follows  :—Cale :—Caledonian,  donian, :—Caledonian,  541.  Eastern  Counties,  8  3.16  8  5-16.  East  Lancashire,  681  692.  Great  Northern,  881  894.  Ditto  A,  ,74  75.  Great  Western,  514  52.  Lan Lancashire  cashire Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  761.  Leeds  Northern,  124.  London  and  North  Western,  911  911.  Man Manchester,  chester, Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincolnshire,  221  231  Midland  Stock,  63  634.  North  British,  28  29.  South  Eastern  and  Dover  561  57.  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  66  67.  York  and  North  Midland,  441  441.  North  Stafford,  9e  9k.  CORONER'S  Irmunsrs.—Yesterday,  the  coroner  held  the  following  inquests  :—On  the  body  of  a  shoemaker  named  Edward  Brennan,  who  resided  in  Ci  rcus  -  s  t  ree  t.  Th  e  deceased  was  sitiing  at  home  on  Saturday  evening,  appa apparently  rently apparently  in  his  usual  health,  when  he  dropped,  and  died  instantly,.  Verdict,  by  the  visitation  of  God,  from  natural  the  body  of  a  child  named  John  E.  Blackburn,  aged  seven,  which  died  in  Upper  Mann-street,  in  consequence  of  the  injuries  received  by  its  clothes  catching  fire.  Verdict,  accidental  the  body  of  a  child  horn  on  beard  the  steamer  Royal  William,  from  Dublin,  on  Thursday  night  last.  An  account  of  this  appeared  in  our  paper  of  Saturday.  The  death  of  the  child  was  caused  by  want  of  proper  attendance  at  the  t  i  me  of  the  birth.  Verdict  accordingly.  WAvERTIVEE  COTarTSSIONERS.—The  monthly  meeting  of  the  Wavertree  Board  of  Health,  was  held  last  night,  at  the  public  office,  Wavertree,  the  Rev.  W.  Bmlnall  in  the  Chair.  The  following  members  were  present  :  Messrs.Rishton,  Chaf Chaffers,  fers, Chaffers,  Gore,  Bradburn,  Hill,  Clarke;  Halhead  and  Anderton.  The  Chairman  had  two  letters,  one  from  the  Marquis  of  Salisbury,  and  one  from  Mr.  Hornby.  I  n  re  f  erence  to  the  letter  of  Mr.  H.  Hornby,  complaining  of  great  inconve inconvenience  nience inconvenience  to  his  house  from  a  sewer;  it  was  agreed  that  on  the  change  of  weather  within  a  week,  the  complaint  would  be  remedied.  A  complaint  from  certain  ratepayers,  complaining  of  a  nuisance,  in  Sandown-lane,  was  referred  to  the  Surveyor.  The  chairt;nan  then  read  the  letter  from  the  Marquis  of  Salisbury,  in  regard  to  certain  drainage  which  his  lordship  required;  a  report  of  which  has  already  appeared  in  our  paper..  In  - STYLE=superscript  reply  to  Mr.  Chaffers,  the  engi engineer  neer engineer  said  the  present  contemplated  drain  by  the  board  would  benefit  the  Marquis  of  Salisbury's  land,  but  he  could  not  tell  to  what  extent  until  he  could  make  a  report  on  the  subject.  After  a  discussion  it  was  resolved,  on  the  motion  of  Mr.  Chaffers,  seconded  by  Mr.  Rishton,  to  send  a  reply  to  the  Marquis  of  Salisbury  of  the  question,  as  soon  as  Mr.  Newland  could  have  finished  his  report  on  the  whole  point.  It  was  then  ordered  that  Mr.  Newland  furnish  a  detailed  report,  as  to  the  sewerage,  4irc.,  of  the  whole  district.  The  board,  having  to  transact  the  nsu4l  routine  business,  adjourned.  LIST  OP  PASSENGEIIS.—The  following  is  a  list  of  pas passengers  sengers passengers  per  Asia,  E.  G.  Lott,  commander,  from  Boston  and  Halifax.  From  Boston  :  Mr.  Hollensworth  and  lady,  Miss  Thayer,  Mrs.  Hurd,  Messrs.  J.  and  A.  B.  Posters,  M  r  .  J.  Aughton,  lady,  and  three  children,  Madame  Guess  Messrs.  Beryls  and  lady,  H.  March,  R.  Nixon,  Person,  J.  West,  G.  Sly,  J.  B.  Brayer,  R.  M.  Luckie,  Chadbourne,  G.  Mellor,  G.  and  C.  Hamilton,  Henderson  and  servant,  Capt  Short,  Messrs.  Hickey,  J.  P.  Roe,  W.  A.  Murray,  J.  H.  Winn,  Hugh  Fraser,  M.,ollendoff,  Winks,  A.  Urquhart,  J.  Gordon,  J.  Swinburn.:  3.  7:Stovel,  W.  A.  Ballard,  R.  S.  Fay,  jun.,  W.  Lambert.  J.  M.  Jones,  Stainton  Blake,  E.  W.  Forbush,  Geo.  B.  Symons,  A.  Kirkland,  John  Stirling,  Leckie  and  lady,  W.  Watson,  John  Kerry,  John  Christmas,  Hughes,  Thomas  Grigg,-  H.  Vande Vandewater,  water, Vandewater,  G.  A.  Gale,  A.  Roy,  L.  S.  Oliver,  Claxton,  Dr.  Douglas,  Messrs.  J.  Outcliffe,  J.  D  uncan,  W.  Prescott,  P.  Lachaisi,  W.  J.  Forbes,  W.  Dixon,  Dr.  Bellot,  Messrs.  H.  Burns,  J.  1  Hayles,  lady  and  child,:  Mr.  Nathan  and  lady,  Messrs.  M.  Nathan,  A..  E.  Smith,  NiSS  Leavett,  Messrs.  P.  Stevenson,  Peter  Jobbing,  Charles  Wade,  J.  H.  Blake,  Charles  Freeman,  J.  Cairnes,  M.  Jones,  S.  F.  Stone,  E.  Powell  and  lady,  J.  Sander,  Crowther,  Tyre.  .  Whit  e  horn,  T.  Gardiner,  Birch,  Swanwick,!Miss  Wollenwebber,  Messrs  Fick,  Henry  Born,  Pedro  de  Silva,  Francisco  Gomez,  Mr.  J.  Robinson  lady  and  child.  From  Halifax  :  Messrs  Bliss,  J.  Bliss  Tobin,  Combs  and  child,  B  rown  ,  Crane,:  Mons.  Michel,  Hon.  Mr.  Feely,  Messrs.  Thomas,  Roberts,  Cormick,  Lewis,  Simmonds,  Andrews,  and  Baines.  LIVERPOOL  POLY  TECHNIC  SOCIETY.  —The  annual  meeting  of  this  society  was  held  yesterday  evening,  at  the  Royal  Institute,  Colquitt-street.  Mr.  H.  Dawson  occupied  the  chair.  Prior  to  the  public  meeting,  the  following  gentle gentlemen,  men, gentlemen,  on  the  recommendation  of  the  retiring  council,  were  elected  as  officers  and  council  for  the  ensuing  year  :  President—Mr.  Edward  Jones.  Vic3-presidents—Messrs.  Thomas  Edwards  and  Joules  Newlands.  Treasurer—Mr.  F.  Horner.  Secretary—Mr.  C.  F.  Salt.  Council—Mr.  Alderman  Bennett,  Messrs.  G.  F.  Chantrell,  Henry  Dawson,  John  Grantham,  H.  P.  Homer,  William  Milner,  Joseph  Mondel,  Maxwell  Scott,  R.  Whinerey,  and  J.  Woore.  The  Secretary  announced  that  he  had  that  evening  received  a  note  from  Mr.  C.  Wye  Williams,  accompanied  by  a  number  of  copies  of  his  on  the  Operation  of  the  Smoke  Nuisance,  with  remarks  on  the  formation  and  prevention  of  smoke,  and  the  remedy  against  the  continuance  of  the  nn  Mr.  Smith  then  explained  an  apparatus  for  giving  an  instantaneous  alarm  in  case  of  fire,  and  also  for  extinguishing  fires,  whenever  they  may  occur,  in  warehouses,  shins,  and  dwelling-houses.  A  vote  of  thanks  was  passed  to  Mr.  Smith  for  bringing  the  invention  under  their  notice,  the  society  thinking  it  was  well  worthy  the  attention  of  merchants  having  combustible  mat  !rials  in  their  warehouses,  Mr.  Jackson  then  read  a  paper  on  the  increase  of  light  to  be  obtained  from  gas  when  deteriorated  with  atmospherics  This  paper  was  illustrated  by  experiments,  whi  c  h  were  highly  successful.  The  meeting  then  separated.  FRANCE.  (FROM  ODR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  PARIS,  SUNDAY  EVENING  We  have  two  telegraphic  despatches  to-clay,  one  from  Berlin,  the  other  from  Vienna,  which  say  that  Russia  has  partially  accepted  the  propositions  of  Austria,  with,  however,  certain  modifications  ;  but  one  despatch  says  that  she  has  consented  to  the  abandonment  of  the  tract  of  territory  on  the  Danube  demanded  by  the  Allies,  and  the  other  that  she  positively  refuses  it.  This  contradiction  naturally  throws  doubt  on  the  portions  of  the  two  despatches  in  which  they  agree.  My  own  informa information,  tion, information,  obtained,  as  usual,  from  a  good  source,  leads  me  to  believe  that  the  despatch  writers  knew  nothing  whatever  of  the  real  state  of  things.  I  am  positively  assured  that  the  reply  of  Russia  to  the  Austrian  proposition  is  perfectly  unsatisfactory,  and  that,  in  consequence,  Sir  Hamilton  Seymour  and  Baron  Bourqueney,  the  English  and  French  Ambassadors  in  Vienna,  have  been  authorised  to  reject  any  counter  propositions  she  may  make,  without  even  taking  the  trouble  of  consulting  their  government  on  the  subject.  The  Cionstitutionnel  has  information  which  coin coincides  cides coincides  substantially  with  my  own.  It  publishes  a  letter  from  Vienna,  which,  it  says,  in  conjunction  with  the  information  it  has  received  from  Berlin,  dissipates  the  last  hope  that  could  be  entertained  with  respect  to  the  early  establishment  of  peace.  Such  a  declaration  from  the  semi•ofiicial  organ  of  the  government  may  be  considered  as  decisive,  especially  as  that  organ  has  always  heretofore  been  rather  disposed  to  believe  in  peace  than  otherwise.  What  the  Vienna  letter  says  is,  that  if  the  reply  of  Russia  to  the  Austrian  propositions  had  been  a  favourable  one,  there  was  no  reason  why  it  should  not  have  been  given  to  Count  Esterhazy,  'instead  of  being  sent  direct  to  Vienna,  as  it  has  been;  and  that  as  it  contains  counter-propositions,  it  is  equivalent  to  a  refusal,  inasmuch,  as  the  Allies,  having  presented  the  minimum  of  their  demands,  required  a  direct  answer,  Yes  or  No,  to  them.  The  letter  adds,  t'aat  Bavaria  and  Saxony,  in  spite  of  their  engagements  to  the  Western  Powers.  and  particularly  to  France,  did  not  support  the  Austrian  propositions  cor cordially—they  dially—they cordially—they  simply  recommended  the  adoption  of  them,  but  did  not  adopt  them  themselves;  whereby  they  made  the  Czar  believe,  that  even  if  Austria  broke  off  with  him,  the  rest  of  Germany  would  stand  by  him.  The  Oonstitutionnel  also  publishes  a  letter  from  St.  Petersburg,  which  tends  to  show  the  impossi impossibility  bility impossibility  of  peace.  The  dominating  party,  it  says,  was  in  favour  of  the  continuance  of  the  war.  The  Grand  Duke  Constantine;  who  is  a  greater  man  than  the  Emperor,  was  highly  indignant  at  the  Allies,  and  especially  at  Austria,  for  having  addressed  the  propositions  to  Russia.  What  right  have  he  is  stated  to  have  cried,  to  attempt  to  impose  on  us  conditions  which  would  cause  us.  even  temporarily,  to  be  no  more  in  our  sea  than  the  Turk  ?  But  let  them  go  to  Nicolaieff—it  is  stronger  far  than  Sebastopol  The  Moniteur  announces  that  on  Tuesday  the  Emperor  will  pass  in  review,  in  the  Courtyard  of  the  Tuileries,  the  regiment  recently  returned  from  the  Crimea,  and  that  his  Royal  Highness  the  Duke  of  Cambridge  will  distribute  on  the  occasion,  in  the  name  of  the  Queen  of  England,  medals  to  all  the  officers,  non-commissioned  officers,  and  soldiers.  All  !  Never  assuredly  was  such  a  whole wholesale  sale wholesale  distribution  of  honours  witnessed  ,in  France,  and  for  my  part  I  greatly  fear  it  will  be  turned  into  derision.  The  French,  both  civil  and  military,  are  eager  for  decorations  that  are,  or  may  be  sup supposed  posed supposed  to  be,  the  reward  of  merit;  but  decorations  delivered  en  masse  to  a  crowd—decorations  which  fall  to  the  skulking  coward  as  well  as  to  the  brave  man—to  the  cook  who  made  the  broth  as  to  the  hero  who  wars  maimed  at  the  Malakoff—can  pos possess  sess possess  no  value  in  their  eyes.  You  will  perhaps  look  to  me  for  some  information  respecting  the  Council  of  War  which  is  now  sitting  at  the  Tuileries,  under  the  presidency•  of  the  Emperor;  but  its  deliberations  are  kept  strictly  secret.  I  hear,  however,  that  Prince  Napoleon,  one  of  its  members,  has  revealed  to  his  intimate  circle,  that  in  the  first  sitting  the  question  whether  the  Crimea  should  or  should  not  be  abandoned,  with  the  exception  of  - STYLE=superscript  the  points  actually  held  by  the  Allies,  was  discussed,  and  that  the  general  opinion  seemed  to  be  in  favour  of  transferring  the  war  elsewhere.  In  the  second  sitting  the  question  debated  was  whether  it  would  be  desirable  to  make  what  is  called  la  grande  guerre  against  Russia,  that  is  to  say,  excite  a  revolution  in  Poland,  in  Finland,  and  wherever  she  keeps  nations  in  thral thraldom—compel  dom—compel thraldom—compel  all  powers,  great  or  small,  to  declare  for  or  against  her,  and  to  treat  them  accordingly— accordinglyand  and accordinglyand  to  carry  on  the  war  with  ruthless  severity,  and  with  all  the  tremendous  means  of  destruction  which  science  has  created  and  can  create  :  or,  instead  thereof,  to  wake  la  petite  guerre—that  is  to  say,  to  attack  her  in  her  southern  and  northern  provinces  as  heretofore,  and  with  the  same  means  as  heretofore.  No  formal  decision  on  this  subject  was  come  to.  The  Emperor,  you  know,  never  takes  part  in  any  discussion  —he  listens  profoundly  to  every  thing  that  is  said  pre  and  eon,  but  opens  not  his  lips,  and  scarcely  ever  makes  a  sign  of  approval  or  dissent.  It  is  asserted  that  he  acts  precisely  in  this  way  in  the  council  of  war.  But,  though  I  transmit  these  details  to  you,  as  what  is  said  in  well  informed  quarters,  I  cannot  take  on  myself  to  guarantee  their  truth.  PARIS,  SATURDAT  EVENINQ  ,  The  curious  article  in  the  Ilioniteur  noticed  yes yesterday,  terday, yesterday,  has  been  placarded  on  all  the  walls--a  proof  that  the  government  desires  to  attract  the  atten attention  tion attention  of  the  public  especially  to  it.  Its  precise  object  remains  for  the  moment  an  enigma,  but  in  well  informed  quarters,  it  is  believed  to  be  what  I  stated  yesterday,  namely  —a  preparation  of  public  opinion  for  the  proposition  by  the  Senate  of  certain  unpalatable  measures  which  the  Emperor,  from  the  fear  of  losing  his  popularity,  does  not  wish  to  assume  the  responsibility  of  bringing  forward.  Certain  zealous  Bonapartists,  however,  poo.h!  pooh!  this  view,  and  pretend  that  the  article  is  nothing  more  than  a  hint  to  the  senate,  to  exercise  the  rights  conferred  on  it  and  the  Constitution,  of  proposing,  or  as  the  French  phrase  is,  taking  the  initiative  of  measures  of  public  utility.  According  to  these  worthies,  it  is  quite  a  mistake  to  suppose  that  the  Empire  is  a  despotic  government;  it  is  a  govern government  ment government  of  two  branches—one  the  Emperor,  and  the  other  the  Senate—and  both  are  bound  to  bring  forward  all  useful  -measures.  But  as  the  Emperor,  absorbed  by  the  daily  details  of  the  government,  and  with  the  conduct  of  foreign  affairs,  has  not  time  to  inquire  into  what  is  useful  or  desirable,  the  Constitution  leaves  the  Senate  to  do  it.  lilt  hitherto  the  Senate  has  entirely  neglected  this  part  of  its  duty,  and  so  the  Illoniteur  has  aroused  it  from  its  sloth.  In  support  of  this  view,  I  am  referred  to  the  various  publications  of  M.  Louis  Couture,  the  eminent  Bonapartist  author,  who  has  gained  celebrity  by  having  done  more  than  any  man  to  explain  the  philosophy  of  Bonapartism.  He  has  always  insis insisted  ted insisted  that  the  Senate  is  not  a  mere  asylum  for  invalids,  as  is  generally  thought;  but  is,  to  use  his  own  words,  the  guide  to  the  initiative  of  public  A.  telegraphic  despatch  from  Berlin  announces  that  Baron  de  Seebach,  the  Saxon  Minister,  had  arrived  in  that  city,  on  his  way  from  St.  Peters Petersburg,  burg, Petersburg,  and,  it  was  that  he  was  authorised  to  continue  the  negociations  for  peace  ,  at  Paris.  This  is  an  on  dit  which  requires  confirmation.  We  are  pleased  to  call  the  attention  of  our  numerous  readers  to  one  of  the  course  of  lectures,  to  be  delivered  this  evening,  in  connection  with  the  Sunday-school  and  Literary  Institute,  in  the  Concert-hall,  by  the  Rev.  Mr.  Ilarcus,  who,  a  short  time  since,  gave  a  course  of  instructive  lec`ures  to  the  workmen  of  the  Mersey  Iron  Works,  at  the  close  of  which,  they  made  the  rev.  gentleman  a  presentation  of  plate,  as  a  token  of  esteem  and  respect  for  the  highly  valuable  course  delivered.  Tars  SANIN  Gs  B  ANK  .—We  are  glad  to  learn  that  con  siderable  improvements  have  recently  been  made  in  our  Local  Savings  Bank.  The  object  of  the  managers  is  to  afford  to  depositors  as  many  facilities  as  possible,  and  we  confidently  believe  that  the  present  order  of  business  is  eminently  calculated  to  produce  that  end.  The  nature  of  the  changes  made  will  be  sufficiently  understood,  when  we  state  that  the  bank  is  now  open  for  receipt  and  payment  of  money,  every  day  in  the  week,  except  Thursday,  from  half-past  ten  to  half-past  two,  and  on  Saturday  evening  from  six  to  eight  o'clock.  Any  sum,  from  Is.  to  .£3O  is  received  at  one  time.  The  notice  required  previous  to  the  withdrawal  of  money  is  seven  days,  if  the  sum  do  not  exceed  15,  and  fourteen  days  for  larger  amounts.  THE  RUGELEY  POISONING  CASES.  INQUEST  ON  THE  BO  DY  OF  MR.  WALTER  PALMER  RIIGELEY,  MONDAY,  This  morning  the  jury,  empannelled  to  enquire  into  the  causes  of  the  deaths  of  Annie  Palmer,  wife  of  Mr.  Palmer,  surgeon,  of  Rugeley,  and  Walter  Palmer,  his  brother,  again  assembled  at  the  Town-hall,  Rug  :  eley,  Mrs.  Palmer's  case  having  been  disposed  of,  the  jury  proceeded  to  enquire  into  the  case  of  Walter  Palmer.  Mr.  Deane,  as  before,  appeared  for  the  prosecution,  and  Mr.  John  Smith,  of  Birmingham,  watched  the  case  on  behalf  of  William  Palmer,  Mr.  Kenealey,  barrister,  and  Mr.  Pemberton,  surgeon,  of  Birmingham,  also  attended  with  Mr.  Smith.  Professors  Taylor  and  Rees  were  likewise  in  attendance.  The  following  insurance  offices  were  also  represented,  viz.  :—Mr.  Hornby,  of  the  Prince  of  Wales  ;  Mr.  Brigg,  of  the  Medical,  Legal,  and  General;  Mr.  Lawton,  of  the  Universal;  Mr.  Farren,  of  the  Gresham  ;  and  Mr.  Robertson,  of  the  Indisputable.  The  first  witness  called  was  Mr.  Henry  Day,  who  said  :  I  am  a  surgeon,  and  reside  at  Stafford;  I  knew  the  deceased  Walter  Palmer  and  was  his  medical  attendant  about  six  weeks  previous  to  his  death  ;  when  first  I  was  called  in,  on  the  7th  July  last,  he  was  suffering  from  chronic  inflammation  of  the  lungs,  and  also  symp symptoms  toms symptoms  of  affection  of  his  liver  and  kidneys  ;  I  prescribed  for  him;  I  did  not  make  up  the  medicine,  but  Mr.  Masters,  the  druggist,  of  Stafford,  dis dispensed  pensed dispensed  my  medicines  for  me;  I  attended  him  at  first  very  nearly  every  day,  up  to  the  31st  of  July;  I  also  attended  him  from  the  10th  of  August  up  to  the  day  of  his  death;  I  saw  him  on  the  10th,  11th,  and  12th  August;  I  called  on  the  13th  and  14th,  bnt  did  not  see  him;  I  next  saw  him  on  the  16th;  he  was  then  in  articulo  mortis;  virtually,  though  not  actually,  dead  ;  there  was  a  con con♦ulsive  ♦ulsive con♦ulsive  twitching  of  the  muscle  from  the  left  side  of  the  face,  and  the  left  arm,  which  showed  that  the  body  had  either  fallen  down  by  its  own  weight,  or  it  was  a  move movement  ment movement  of  the  body  itself,  not  voluntarily,  because  there  was  no  consciousness;  the  features  looked  a  little  swollen  ;  there  was  no  more  than  an  ordinary  colour  in  the  face—a  little  bluish,  if  anything;  I  believe  he  had  died  from  apoplexy,  and  I  certified  to  that  effect  ;  the  head  was  a  little  turned  on  the  left  side,  and  there  was  a  little  fluid  running  from  the  mouth,  which  smelled  of  brandy  and  water;  he  was  lying  'on  the'  sofa  when  I  found  him,  dressed,  but  without  a  handkerchief  to  his  neck,  and  his  shirt  collar  unbuttoned  ;  I  did  not  notice  anything  else.  By  Mr.  Deane:  I  examined  him  some  months  before  for  insurance  ;  I  did  not  discover  any  particular  disease  except  the  want  of  rhythm  in  the  heart.  (The  certificate  given  by  Mr.  Day,  in  April  last,  was  read.)  It  was  as  follows  From  a  careful  examination  for  the  Universal  office,  I  consider  his  life  to  be  one  perfectly  safe  for  insu 'insurance.'  That  certificate  is  dated  the  7th  of  April;  at  the  time  I  made  that  examination,  Walter  Palmer  was  a  per perfect  fect perfect  stranger;  he  was  introduced  to  me  by  his  brother,  Mr.  William  Palmer  ;  I  have  heard  his  (Wm.  Palmer's)  name,  but  never  before  to  my  knowledge  had  seen  him  ;  not  having  known  him  before,  there  was  only  one  way  that  I  could  judge  of  his  habits,  and  that  was  by  his  own  and  his  brother's  representations;  from  circumstances  that  afterwards  came  toi  my  knowledge,  I  was  induced  to  write  a  letter  to  the  office—the  substance  of  which  was,  that  I  had  discovered  that  Mr.  Walter  Palmer  was  not  a  temperate  man;  I  attended  Walter  Palmer  professionally  at  the  request  of  Mr.  William  Palmer,  on  the  7th  July.  He  called  upon  me  at  my  residence  in  Stafford.  He  said  that  his  brother  was  so  ill,  and  that  he  was  so  much  occupied  that  he  could  not  attend  to  him,  and  that  he  (Walter  Palmer)  had  been  drinking  largely  ;  that  his  doing  so  was  then,  and  had  been  before,  a  deep  source  of  regret  to  himself,  his  mother,  and,  indeed,  to  all  the  family,  and  that  if  I  could  but  get  him  well,  and  break  him  of  his  habits,  he  (William  Palmer)  and  the  family  would  be  ever everlastingly  lastingly everlastingly  obliged  to  me.  That  I  was  to  see  him  as  often  as  I  possibly  could,  not  to  spare  either  trouble  or  expense,  and  that  whatever  the  cost  might  be,  he  would  defray  it.  I  replied  that  I  would  attend  to  him,  and  do  all  in  my  power  for  him,  but  as  for  payment  I  should  not  think  of  taking  any,  considering  that  he  was  the  brother  of  a  medi medical  cal medical  man.  Mr.  Wm.  Palmer  then  said  that  he  would  not  allow  me  to  see  him  upon  any  such  terms,  and  that  if  I  would  not  attend,  and  be  paid  as  in  ordinary  case,  he  should  employ  some  other  medical  man.  I  then  answered,  that  if  nothing  would  satisfy  him  but  parting  with  his  money,  I  would  take  all  he  chose  to  give  me.  I  cannot  state  precisely  what  the  prescriptions  were;  they  were  principally  addressed  to  his  liver  '  •  all  the  pre prescriptions  scriptions prescriptions  I  gave  Mr.  Marsden  has  •  the  most  of  them  con contain  tain contain  blue  pill,  opium,  henbane,  hemlock,  and  benzoic  acid  ;  then  there  was  a  little  mixture  of  antimonial  wine  ;  another  mixture  was  some  carbonate  of  potash,  some  gum  water,  spirit  of  sweet  nitre,  and  an  infusion  of  gentian  ;  from  the  Ist  of  July  I  don't  think  I  saw  him  until  the  10th  of  August;  Mr.  William  Palmer  called  at  my  house  on  that  day;  he  saw  my  wife,  and  wished  me  to  see  his  brother,  for  he  had  returned  from  Rugeley,  and  had  been  drinking  a  great  deal  too  much  ;  I  called  on  the  morning  of  the  12th,  and  by  appointment  went  in  the  afternoon  ;  his  brother  William  opened  the  door;  and  he  said  that  Walter  was  asleep  on  the  sofa,  and  that  it  was  no  use  disturbing  him;  there  were  two  days  of  Wolverhampton  races,  but  I  cannot  tell  whether  they  were  on  the  Monday  and  Tues Tuesday,  day, Tuesday,  the  13th  and  14th  of  August;  I  saw  a  person  named  Walthendine  when  I  called  during  his  illness  ;  I  saw  him,  and  an  irregular  conversation  took  place,  in  which  he  said  those  pills  last  night  were  twisters.  '  I  asked  him,  pills  ?  h  e  rep  li  e  d  ,  t  h  ose  you  sent  last  night  I  said,  I  sent  you  none  when  he  you  must  have  done;  Will  must  have  had  them  either  from  you  or  from  Manson,  for  he  gave  them  to  me  out  of  your  In  consequence  of  that  conversation,  I  occasioned  the  inquiry  to  he  made  by  Mr.  Marson  ;  I  don't  think  I  could  state  precisely  the  hour  I  saw  him  on  the  day  of  his  death,  the  10th  of  August,  but  it  would  be  some somewhere  where somewhere  between  eleven  and  twelve  o'clock  in  the  forenoon  ;  he  was  lying  on  the  sofa  in  the  sitting-room,  dressed;  as  no  post  mortem  examination  was  made,  I  formed  my  opinion  on  the  previous  knowledge  I  had  ;  at  that  time  I  did  no:,  know  that  his  life  was  insured  ;  I  did  not  suggest  the  pro..  priety  of  a  post  marten;  examination  ;  I  described  the  cause  of  death  as  apoplexy,  and  general  viscera  disease  ;  in  my  opinion,  apoplexy  was  the  cause  of  death;  Mr.  William  Palmer,  the  person  named  Walthenden,  and  Mrs.  Walthenden,  whom  I  understood  to  be  the  wife  of  Walth.  enden,  were  present  at  the  time  of  death  ;  I  only  heard  of  the  attempted  administration  of  brandy,  or  brandy  and  water,  and  that  I  am  told  he  could  not  swallow  ;  it  would  depend  very  much  upon  the  state  of  the  person  at  the  time  whether  I  should  administer  brandy  to  a  person  in  a  state  of  apoplexy  ;  I  consider,  taking  his  previous  habits  into  account,  it  might  have  been  the  only  thing  William  Palmer  could  give  him  ;  I  did  not  notice  any  other  smell  whatever,  but  that  of  brandy  and  water;  I  felt  for  the  pulse,  and  felt  what  I  believed  to  be  them  distinctly  beat beating  ing beating  ;  the  eyes  were  open,  and  I  looked  at  their  pupils  ;  they  were  dilated;  narcotic  poisons  produce,  in  my  opinion,  a  state  bordering  upon  apoplexy  ;  I  am  not  prepared  to  say  that  a  dose  of  morphia  would,  or  would  not,  produce  apoplexy;  the  eyes  were  dilated,  and  I  should  rather  suppose  that  morphia  would  contract  them  ;  there  was  no  breathing  when  I  saw  him;  I  thought  it  highly  probable  that  a  dose  of  narcotic  poison  would  produce  ta  )re  rapid  effects  upon  a  person  in  Mr.  Walter  Palmer's  state  of  health,  than  upon  a  healthy  person.  By  Mr.  Smith  :  I  did  not  deem  a  sedative  or  narcotio,  properly  applied,  not  to  be  a  proper  remedy  a  few  days  before  his  death  ;  it  is  impossible  for  any  one  having  to  examine  for  an  insurance  office  to  make  such  strict  investi investigations  gations investigations  as  you  have  in  an  ordinary  case  of  disease;  it  is  not  practicable  ;  if  they  were  submitted  to  a  more  rigid  exami examination,  nation, examination,  you  might  detect  a  state  of  disease  which  in  ,usual  cases  are  not  under  the  ordinary  examination  ;  I  examined  Walter  Palmer  in  a  state  indicative  of  disease  of  the  kidneys;  assuredly  there  ware  indications  of  disease  of  the  liver,  enlargement  ;  a  pain  underneath  his  shoulder  blade,  and  his  cough  ;  that  was  accompanied  by  expectoration,  and  which  occurred  principally  in  the  morning  when  first  getting  up  ;  he  occasion'illy  vomited  large  quantities  of  bile  ;  I  was  informed  by  his  brother  William  that  he  died  from  delfriam  tremens;  I  repeatedly  cautioned  him  as  to  his  course  of  life,  referring  to  his  habits  of  drunkenness;  he  gave  me  a  volley  of  abuse  for  my  advice;  1  never  saw  him  thoroughly  sober;  I  think  his  mode  of  life  was  such  as  tended  to  promote  apoplexy.  It  depends  very  much  upon  the  natural  constitution  of  the  man,  but  drink drinking  ing drinking  more  generally  produces  apoplexy.  Taking  into  ,  consideration  the  state  .  in  which  I  saw  him,  I  cannot  say  whether  the  dropping  of  the  arm  I  previously  described  was  or  was  not  a  state  of  apoplexy;  on  the  10th  of  August,  when  I  saw  him;  I  told  him  It  was  but  of  little  use  my  send.  ing  him  medicine,  and  that  if  he  did  not  at  once  stop  his  then  course  of  life,  he  would  shut  up  as  rapidly  and  as  securely  as  the  penknife  which  I  then  shut  before  his  eyes,  to  which  he  replied  that  I  was  a  methodist  parson,  and  that  I  had  better  get  nut  of  the  house  ;  he  was  then  in  a  state  of  drunkenness  ;  he  did  not  tell  me  in  what  way  the  pills  I  had  sent  him  no  pills  for  some  days  were  previous  By  a  Juror:  He  did  not  complain  to  me  before  of  the  first  pills  ;  he  always  talked  in  a  wild  delirious  way  of  giving  me  money  and  horses.  By  M.  Smith  :  From  his  conversation,  and  my  inter intercourse  course intercourse  with  him,  I  found  that  I  never  could  be  certain  whether  ho  was  telling  the  truth  or  not;  I  thought  it  strange  if  his  brother  had  given  him  pill  s  out  I  thought  little  of  it,  and  that  what  he  said  night  not  be  trite;  I  mentioned  it  to  his  brother  afterwards,  and  be  denied  it,  and  said  was  all  ;  I  mentioned  it  to  his  brother  again,  the  next  time  I  saw  him,  and  before  Walter's  death  ;  I  have  stated  in  my  certificate,  that  the  cause  of  death  was  apoplexy.  By  the  Coroner  :  I  never  , STYLE=superscript  said  I  thought  Walter  Palmer  was  poisoned.  _  By  Mr.  Smith  :  The  skin  was  merely  moist  ;  a  mere  pumidity  of  the  skin  ;  I  don't  know  that  there  was  much  heat  about  the  head  ;  his  hands,  throat,  face,  and  the  upper  part  of  the  chest  I  felt,  and  they  were  cold,  clammy,  and  moist;  I  never  saw  a  case  of  poisoning  by  Morphia;  Dr.  Taylor,  in  his  book  on  poisoning  by  Morphia,  page  614,  says  :  The  pupils  of  the  eye  are  strongly  contracted,  and  quite  inactive,  the  heat  of  the  head  increased,  and  the  scalp  and  lice  covered  with  a  copious  No  symptoms  of  this  kind  were  apparent.  By  a  Juror  :  I  did  not  notice  particular  change  i  n  the  deceased,  on  the  morning  after  he  said  he  had  take  4  the  pills,  which  were  By  Mr.  Deane  :  During  the  time  I  caw  him,  he  was  suffering  fromdeliritem  tremens.  By  Mr.  Smith  :  When  I  first  saw  Walter  P4lmer,  4  told  me  that  he  drunk  a  qnart  bottle,  to  a  bottle  and  a  half,  of  gin  a  night.  I  told  him  1  wanted  to  reduce  him  to  a  halt  bottle.  which  I  thought  a  good  descent.  Previous  to  his  leaving  for  Liverpool,  he  told  me  he  had  so  reduced  himself  ;  but  on  his  return  from  Liverpool  he  was  as  bad  as  ever.  Mr.  Marson  examined  :  I  am  a  chemist,  and  made  up  medicine  for  Mr.  Day  (the  last  witness)  ;  I  produce  the  prescriptions  which  were  given  to  me  by  Mr.  D:ty,  and  made  up  for  Mr.  Walter  Palmer  ;  they  bear  date  tb  and  9th  of  July,  and  the  lath  of  August,  mixture  of  the  7th  was  only  made  once,  b  , STYLE=superscript  were  repeated  several  times;  the  press,  the  9th  was  made  up  on  that  da  .  mixture  was  repeated,  with  a  small  4  every  two  or  three  days,  up  to  the  31st  July  ;  that  v  list  time  it  was  dispensed  by  us  ;  the  pills  of  July  7th  repeated  four  times  I  think  between  the  7th  and  the  July  ;  from  the  10th  of  August  two  composing  pills  v  made  up  ;  they  consisted  of  31  grains  of  blue  pill,  and  grains  of  Dovers  powder,  to  be  taken  at  bed  time  ;  that  v  all  the  medicine  I  supplied.  By  Mr.  Deane  :  I  believe  Mr.  Day  enquired  o'  between  the  sth  and  10th  of  August  about  the  pi  11...  By  the  Coroner  :  Th  e  enqu  i  r  y  was  ma  d  '  by  M  personally  ;  I  recollect,  on  referring  to  no  medicine  had  been  supplied  for  severa'  days  p.  By  a  Juror  :  I  did  not  supply  any  pills  or  medic  Mr.  William  Palmer  ;  I  don't  think  that  any  body  establishment  would  supply  him  ;  they  would  not  him  personally  ;  he  would  not  be  supplied  with  pr,  acid,  as  that  is  only  supplied  to  medical  men,  and  young  men,  not  knowing  him,  would  not  have  sold  it  him.  my  boo  At  this  stage  of  the  proceedings  the  Court  adjourned  for  half  an  hour.  On  resuming,  •  Mrs.  Lucy  Walkerdine,  of  Stafford,  was  examined.  She  stated  that  the  deceased,  Walter  Palmer,  lodged  with  her  and  her  husband  for  some  time  before  his  death,  and  that  daring  that  time  he  drunk  very  hard,  and  witness  was  of  opinion  he  died  from  apoplexy.  Thomas  Walkerdine,  husband  to  the  last  witness,  was  next  examined,  and  deposed  to  attending  Wolverhampton  Races  along  with  the  deceased  on  the  13th  and  14th  of  August,  during  which  time  deceased  was  drunk  ;  he  was  drunk  when  he  went  to  Wolverhampton  Races,  and  drunk  on  his  return;  he  was  taken  ill  on  his  return  home,  and  died  on  the  16th  of  August.  Deceased  was  in  the  habit  of  drinking  a  quart  of  gin  a  night  ;  he  was  of  opinion  that  he  died  from  apoplexy;  William  Palmer  frequently  came  to  , STYLE=superscript  see  him.  Mrs.  Philips,  an  attendant  on  the  deceased  during  his  last  illness,  was  of  opinion  that  be  died  from  apoplexy.  Professor  Taylor  was  next  examined.  He  stated  that  in  conjunction  with  Dr.  Rees,  he  had  made  an  analysis  of  the  several  parts  of  the  body  of  the  deceased,  and  had  not  been  able!to  find  any  trace  of  either  mineral  or  veg  , STYLE=superscript  table  poison  ;  the  liver  and  other  parts  of  tho  body  were  diseased;  after  fi►e  days  consultation  they  had  been  unable  to  discover  the  cause  of  death,  but  after  the  evidence  which  he  had  now  heard.  he  was  of  opinion  that  it  was  the  result  of  anoolea  caused  by  excessive  drinking  b•  Harland,  of  Stafford,  deposed  to  making  an  examin examination  ation examination  of  the  deceased  last  year,  for  a  life  insurance  in  the  Gresham  Insurance  Company,  and  reporting  him  a  hFalthy  life,  on  the  representations  made  of  deceased  by  William.  Palmer.  The  enquiry,  at  seven  o'clock,  was  adjourned  till  to-Tnor to-Tnorrow,  row, to-Tnorrow,  when  witnesses  will  be  produced  to  prove  that  William.  Palmer  administered  medicine  to  the  deceased.  INTELLTGENC  SECOND  EDITION."
