text
"KIRKDALE  SESSIONS  Matthew  Dempsey,  aged  26,  collier,  and  Richard  Gill,  were  charged  with  having  stolen  about  501bs.  of  blasting  powder,  the  property  of  Messrs  Charles  Caldwell  and  Company,  the  em employers  ployers employers  of  the  prisoner  Dempsey.  Gill  was  acquitted,  and  Dempsey  was  sentenced  to  three  months  imprisonment.  John  Ratcliffe,  aged  50,  a  joiner,  stood  charged  with  having,  on  the  14th  of  November  last,  stolen  a  quantity  of  timber,  the  3roperty  of  Mr.  Peter  Berry.  Guilty;  two  months  imprison.-  Ann  Hallad,  aged  23,  a  servant,  was  charged  with  having,  on  the  I  6t,li  of  November  last,  stolen  a  watch  and  other  articles  of  value,  the  property  of  Mr.  John  Simpson.  Guilty  ;  six  months  imprisonment,  James  Conway,  aged  9,  Martha  Longford,  aged  36,  a  house  keeper,  Ann  Longford,  aged  14,  were  charged,  the  boy  Con.  way  with  having  stolen,  on  the  16th  of  November,  a  dress,  the  property  of  Miss  Ann  Gibson  of  Wavertree,  and  Longford  was  charged  with  receiving  the  same  ;  Conway  was  also  charged  with  having  stolen  a  gown.  the  property  of  Miss  Ann  Ellison,  of  the  same  township,  and  the  two  female  prisoners  were  charged  with  having  received  the  same.  The  evidence  against  Ann  Langford  was  not  conclusive,  and  she  was  acquitted  ;  Martha  Longford  w  as  f  oun  d  gu  il  ty,  and  was  sentenced  to  eight  months  imptisonment  as  the  receiver,  and  the  boy  to  seven  days.  Catherine  Kearns,  aged  38,  a  capmaker,  was  sentenced  to  three  months  imprisonment,  for  having  stolen  thirty-eight  yards  of  print,  the  property  of  Mr.  Waterhouse  of  Windle.  Alice  Rhodes,  aged  41,  months  imprisonment,  esker,  .  was  sentenced  to  six  for  havin  on  the  Bth  of  November,  stolen  two  door  mats,  the  one  the  property  of  Mr.  J.  W.  Cropper,  and  the  other  of  Mr.  E.  Cropper,  of  Toxteth-park.  Mary  Ann  Farley,  aged  15,  was  sentenced  to  twelve  months  imprisonment,  for  having  stolen  upwards  of  414,  the  property  of  her  master,  Mr.  J.  Baker,  of  Eccleston.  James  Smith,  aged  26,  a  miner,  was  sentenced  to  one  month's  imprisonment,  for  having  stolen  a  sovereign  from  Mr.  Jacob  Thompson,  of  Astley.  Thomas  Kenyon,  aged  30,  a  collier,  was  sentenced  to  eight  months'  imprisonment,  for  having  stolen  several  picks  at  Wigan,  and  at  Ince-in-Mackerfield,  the  property  of  several  of  his  fellow  workmen.  John  Higgins,  aged  28,  a  labourer,  was  sentenced  to  two  months'  imprisonment,  for  having  at  West  Derby,  on  the  Bth  of  December,  fraudulently  obtained  some  meat  and  groceries  of  Mr.  William  Chatterton,  with  intent  to  defraud  hi=  thereof.  Thomas  Mellish,  aged  30,  was  sentenced  to  six  months'  imprisonment,  for  having  stolen  a  tame  cock,  the  property  of  the  Earl  of  Derby,  of  Knowsley.  Mary  Ann  Bolton,  aged  28,  a  boot-binder,  was  sentenced  to  eight  months  imprisonment,  for  having  stolen  various  articles  of  wearing  apparel,  the  property  of  Adam  Gladstone.  Isabella  Waterworth,  21,  silk  winder,  four  months•  impri imprisonment,  sonment, imprisonment,  for  stealing  a  gold  chain,  the  property  of  John  Harwood,  of  Tyldesley.  Richard  Wiswall,  aged  50,  a  slate  cutter,  two  months  imprisonment  for  stealing  tools  from  Joseph  Onnady,  of  Billings  Higher  end.  Nathan  M  *anis,  aged  31,  a  labourer,  was  sentenced  to  four  years  penal  servitude,  for  having  stolen,  at  Eccleston,  15  feet  of  lead  piping,  the  property  of  Mr  R.  P.  Crockett.  Ann  Wilcox,  aged  39,  and  Ann  Ellam,  44,  were  charged  with  having,  at  West  Derby,  stolen  three  shawls,  the  property  of  Patrick  Matthews  and  Ann  Duffy.  The  former  was  sen sentenced  tenced sentenced  to  nine,  and  the  latter  to  three  months'  imprisonment.  Noah  Mitchenson,  aged  19,  a  collier,  was  sentenced  to  months  imprisonment  for  having  stolen  two  picks.  Mary  Noon,  aged  24,  a  farm  servant,  was  sentenced  to  four  years  penal  servitude,  for  stealing  some  boats  at  Warrington.  The  Courts  were  adjourned  shortly  after  four  o'clock.  LIVERPOOL  CHEMISTS'  ASSOCIATION.  —A.  meeting  of  this  society  was  held  last  night  at  the  Royal  Institution,  the  president,  Mr.  Abraham,  in  the  chair.  —Mr.  R.  Parkinson  was  elected  a  member  of  the  association.  —The  secretary  announced  a  valuable  donation  of  12)  specimens  of  drugs  from  Mr.  H.  Ward  Jackson,  through  Mr.  H.  S.  Evans.  The  thanks  of  the  meeting  were  given  to  Mr.  Jackson  for  his  valuable  gift.—The  chairman  read  a  letter  he  had  received  from  Mr,  Horsley,  of  Cheltenham,  referring  to  paper  which  had  been  read  at  a  former  meeting,  by  Mr.  Dantec,  on  a  process  patented  by  him,  in  1852,  for  the  use  of  baryta  in  purifying  water  for  the  prevention  of  incrus.  tation  in  steam-boilers,  and  other  purposes.  Mr.  Horsley  stated,  that  he  had  take►►  out  a  patent  for  the  same  thing,  in  1849,  and  was,  consequently,  the  original  inventor...-  Mr.  Mercer  said  he  had  seen  the  two  patents,  and  though  in  some  respects  there  was  a  similarity  between  them,  they  were  not  identical,  and  he  thought  them  both  valid.  After  some  little  discussion  on  the  merits  of  the  two  patents.  Mr.  N.  Samuelson,  F.C.S.,  delivered  a  lecture  on  lead.  He  explained  the  most  approved  methods  of  obtain obtaining  ing obtaining  it  from  its  ores,  and  separating  the  silver,  which  is  so  generally  found  in  combination  with  lead.  Mr.  G.  R.  Berry  then  read  a  paper  on  the  application  of  photograph  to  pharmacy,  which  was  illustrated  with  a  number  of  specimens  taken  with  the  microscope  and  camera  com combined,  bined, combined,  and  practically  showed  the  members  present  the  means  he  employed  of  taking  a  magnified  representation  of  any  object,  such  as  crystals,  fishes,  &amp;c.,  by  means  of  oxy  - STYLE=superscript  hydrogen  light.  Mr.  Rowlands,  at  the  request  ofthe  chairman,  promised  to  place  before  the  members,  at  their  next  meeting,  the  apparatus  he  employed  for  micro microphotographic  photographic microphotographic  experiments.  THE  PAPER  TRADE.  —We  have  heard  that  Mr.  W.  G•  Plunkett,  and  J.  C.  Bower,  Esq.,  C.E.,  have  obtained  a  patent  for  the  manufacture  of  paper  and  textile  fabrics  from  the  following  planes,  viz.,  the  Yellow  Iris,  or  com common  mon common  Flogger,  the  Burdock,  the  Coltsfoot,  and  from  the  leaves  and  stems  of  the  red  and  white  Beet,  and  Mangold  Wurzel;  also  from  the  stems  of  Swedish,  Aberdeen,  and  other  turnip  bulbs.  W  e  h  ave  se  en  specim  ens  of  paper  and  millboard  manufactured  by  hand  from  several  of  the  foregoing  plants,  and  of  fibre  from  the  Iris  or  Yellow  Flagaer,  which  appears  to  have  all  the  properties  of  the  best  flax.  The  Iris  contains  a  large  proportion,  at  least  75  per  cent.,  of  paper  material.—Boyle  Gazette  An  experimental  trial  of  the  po  wer  of  galvanism  has  been  made  in  the  proof  department  of  the  Arsenal,  Wool Woolwich,  wich, Woolwich,  for  the  purpose  o STYLE=superscript  f  endeavourin  g  t  o  o  b  ta  i  n  a  surer  mode  of  discharging  in  regular  succession  the  various  guns  under  proof.  The  method,  however,  has  been  pro pronounced  nounced pronounced  too  complicated  to  admit  of  its  being  brought  into  general  use  for  the  present.  A  number  of  24-pound  brass  howitzers  have  gone  through  the  usual  proofs  at  the  Arsenal  butt,  which  are  intended  for  the  numerous  gunboats  fitting  out  there.  The  aggregate  number  ordered  from  the  various  government  contractors,  to  be  conveyed  to  Woolwich  dockyard  alone.  to  be  completed  for  service  before  the  ensuing  spring,  is  200,  indepesdeatly  of  a  number  of  despatch  boats.  Yesterday  there  were  two  courts  sitting  at  Kirkdale  for  the  trial  of  prisoners.  J.  Pollock,  Esq.,  presided  in  one,  and  J.  C.  Harden,  Esq.,  in  the  other.  The  following  persons  were  tried,  and  sentenced  as  under  :  Bridget  Lenny,  aged  27,  a  waistcoat  maker,  stood  charged  with  having,  at  Litherland,  on  the  7th  November  last,  stolen  a  pair  of  blankets,  the  property  of  James  Kelshaw.  Guilty.  Two  months'  imprisonment.  John  Sweeney,  aged  14,  an  engine  driver,  stood  charged  with  having,  at  Ince-in_Mackerfield,  on  the  26th  of  October  last,  stolen  a  colt  and  a  pair  of  trowsers,  the  property  of  Wm„  Hardman.  Guilty.  One  month's  imprisonment.  P3_TB00192 ...,  Gr"
