text
"LEVANT  SCREW  COM  AFRICAN,  SYRIAN,  ARABIAN,  FOR  BEIROUT  and  ALEXANDRETTA,  (calling  at  MALTA  only.)  •  4  '1  THE  ASTROLOGER,  W.  S.  FOLLAND,  Commander.  Is  intended  to  sail  from  Nelson  Dock,  on  Saturday  morning,  19th  instant.  Goods  will  be  received  at  the  loading  berth,  Nelson  Dock,  until  Friday  night,  the,lBth  instant.  For  freight  or  passage  apply  to  ENRY  DIXON  and  Co.,  18,  Chapel-street.  IMPORTANT  TO  ADVERTISERS  IN  IRELAND.  The  most  widely-circulated  3-day  journal  in  I  re  l  an  d  i  s  THE  NORTHERN  WHlG,Published  in  Belfast  The  latest  Government  stamp  returns  show  that  The  Northern  maintains  a  high  pre-eminence  over  the  entire  provincial  press  of  Ireland,  and  that  only  one  metropolitan  3-day  journal  equals  it  in  circulation.  As  an  Advertising  medium  it  consequently  offers  advantages  which  few  Irish  journals  can  afford.  The  repeal  of  the  Advertisement  duty  has  caused  the  adoption  of  a  new  and  very  much  reduced  scale  of  charges— chargesviz  viz chargesviz  :-  Under  10  lines  (or  75  words)  2s.  Od.  Every  additional  line....  ...........  Os.  4d.  With  a  large  reduction  for  second  and  subsequent  insertions.  Contracts  for  Advertising  by  the  year,  half-year,  and  quarter,  will  be  taken  on  the  lowest  terms  compatible  with  the  extensive  and  valuable  publicity  afforded  by  its  large  and  influential  circulation.  To  London,  Liverpool,  and  Manchester  advertisers  in  particular,  it  offers  especial  advantages,  by  bringing  their  announcements  under  the  notice  of  so  enterprising  and  large  a  section  of  the  com community.  munity. community.  The  Northern  contains  the  fullest  and  most  accurate  intelligence  on  all  subjects,  and  a  peculiar  system  of  market  prices  of  every  description  of  produce,  which  will  be  found  of  essential  importance  to  merchants  and  traders.  The  Northern  is  published  every  TUESDAY,  THURSDAY,  and  SATURDAY,  with  a  supplement  on  Saturday,  at  the  office,  6,  Calender-street,  Belfast.  Yearly  subscription,  £2  10s.;  half-yearly,  £1  ss.  ;  quarterly,  12s.  6d.,  payable  in  advance.  All  communications  to  be  addressed  to  the  Proprietors,  FRANCIS  D.  FINLAY  and  SON.—Belfast,  September,  1853."
