text
"TO  CORRESPONDENTS  No  notice  can  be  taken  of  anonymous  communications.  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer;  not  necessarily  for  publication,  but  as  a  guarrantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  IVILLIviEn,  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  to  tht  , STYLE=superscript  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  ,qtirti)trit  TUESDAY,  OCTOBER  4,  1853  TURKEY'S  continues  to  excite  universal  interest.  The  prevailing  opinion  was,  but  a  short  time  since,  that  she  would  be  unable  to  meet  the  frown  of  the  AUTOCRAT.  But,  strange  to  say,  we  now  find  her  occupying  a  formidable  position,with  an  army  of  one  hundred  thousand  men,  animated  by  a  religious  zeal  which  is  only  equalled  by  a  determi determination  nation determination  to  uphold  the  temples  of  their  PROPHET,  and  to  meet  the  enemy  in  the  full  spirit  of  the  Mussal  7  man's  faith.  Such  fanaticism  has  ever  been  as  bloody  in  its  wars  as  true  religion  is  tolerant  in  council  and  gentle  in  reproof.  In  dealing  hostilely  with  the  Turk,  the  Russian  will  have  to  contend  with  that  vita vitalising  lising vitalising  spark  of  an  indomitable  spirit,  known  to  Englishmen  as  No  This  high  military  quality  in  a  nation,  which  has  slumbered  so  long  in  the  rear  of  the  progressive  States  of  Europe,  is  no  less  remarkable  than  it  will  prove  formidable  in  the  event  of  war.  The  individual  integrity,  and  many  of  the  na national  tional national  institutions  of  the  Turks,  may  also  be  held  np  as  an  example  many  to  of  the  more  conspicuous  nations  who  lay  claim  to  rank  in  a  boasted  civili civilisation.  sation. civilisation.  In  the  absence  of  prisons,  or  bastiles  filled  with  victims  of  necessitous  debt,  religious  intole intolerance,  rance, intolerance,  and  henious  crime,  it  becomes  a  problem  for  continental.  Despots  to  solve,  how  such  a  state  exists,  and  by  what  particular  order  of  magic  it  is  governed.  But  if  we  except  the  degraded  condition  of  her  female  population,  the  morality  of  Turkey  stands  unparalled.  As  believers  in  the  Koran,  they  are  consistent  and  zealous  ;  but,  at  the  same  time,  they  are  tolerant,  and  have  been  found  accessible  by  the  MissioNA.RlEs  of  other  creeds.  To  open  the  gates  of  Mahametanisin,  and  to  re remove  move remove  the  almost  insurmountable  barrier  to  the  civil  and  religious  advancement  of  Turkey,  the  distruc distruction  tion distruction  of  the  Janisaries,  amounting  to  40,000  souls,  was  undertaken  and  accomplished.  By  the  execu execution  tion execution  of  this  appaling  design,  the  last  vestage  of  Mahametan  fanaticism  and  intolerance  was  des destroyed  troyed destroyed  in  the  0  ttoman  Empire.  And  the  Turks  have  since  then  been  as  well  disposed  towards  their  Christian  brethren  as  any  other  people  on  the  earth.  The  punishment  of  crime,  (which  is  of  rare  oc  curance)  among  these  people  is  terribly  severe,  Thus  tht  and  is  no  le  terror  of  detection  in  vice,  such  as  stealing,  lyini,  murder,  &amp;c.,  has  become  as  much  an  instinct  as  industry  and  love  of  gain  is  with  the  world-Wide  certain  or  summary  persecuted  JEW,  or  a  superstiSious  belief  in  the  DEITY,  among  a  certain  order  of  CHRISTIANS.  Viewing  th  the  rough  elements  of  a  people  piritual  and  temporal  welfarc  most  earnest  solici  trade,  w  ee  no  insurmountable  obsticle  in  the  Won.  If  a  guarantee  be  rf  we  haw  impending  conflict,  in  which  NICHOLAS  steps  forward  to  assort  a  mere  conven  tional  right  of  the  GREEK  CHRISTIANS,  which  LORD  CLARENDON,  in  his  waspish  dispatch,  addressed  to  Count  Nesserrode,  dated  July  16,  1853,  stated,  that  the  British  Government  are  as  unaware  - STYLE=superscript  Of  any  breach  of  engagement  on  the  part  of  the  PORTE,  as  they  are  of  those  numerous  arbitrary  acts.  of  the  Ottoman  Government,  which,  it  is  said,  recently  infringed  the  rights  of  the  Greek  Church,  and  threatened  utterly  to  annihilate  the  order  of  things  sanctioned  by  ages,  and  so  dear  to  the  orthodox  Our  Foreign  Secretary  even  goes  further  than  this,  and  instances  a  casewhich  supports  our  views.  Russia  says  the  despatch,  for  her  'co 'coreligionnaires,'  religionnaires,' 'coreligionnaires,'  in  the  East  the  strict  status  quo,  and  the  maintenance  of  the  privileges  they  have  en enjoyed  joyed enjoyed  under  the  protection  of  their  Sovereign;  but  Count  NESSELRODE  entirely  omits  to  show  how  that  status  quo  has  been  disturbed,  how  those  privileges  have  been  curtailed,  what  complaints  have  been  made,  what  grievances  remain  without  redress.  Her  Majesty's  Government  know  only  of  one  offence  committed  by  the  Turkish  Government  against  Russia,  which,  by  the  admission  of  Prince  MEN MENSCHIKOFF,  SCHIKOFF, MENSCHIKOFF,  was  satisfactorily  atoned  for  ;  while,  on  the  other  hand,  the  recent  firman  of  the  SULTAN,  confirming  the  privileges  and  immunities  of  the  Greek  Church,  has  been  gratefully  acknowledged  by  the  Patriarch  of  '  This  statement  is  sufficiently  conclusive  as  to  the  spirit  of  religious  intolerance  which  prevails  in  the  DIVAN,  and  also  among  the  great  bulk  of  the  Tuirkish  people.  Previous  to  the  fall  of  the  des despotic  potic despotic  dicta  of  the  JANISARIES,  and  the  accession  of  the  present  enlightened  SULTAN  MAHMOUD  to  the  throne,  all  CHRISTIANS  were  subject  to  instant  an annihilation,  nihilation, annihilation,  without  a  pretext  or  shadow  of  crimin criminality.  ality. criminality.  The  text  of  the  Koran  was  held  to  be  para paramount,  mount, paramount,  and  all  but  Mussalmen  were  GIAOURS.  Europe  is  not  indebted  for  all  this  to  the  SULTAN  alone.  Guided  by  the  ability  and  urged  by  so  able  a  statesman  and  consistent  reformer  as  RESCHID  PASHA,  we  find  the  Koran  itself  invaded  by  a  change  in  the  -Mussalman  costume  in  which  the  Turban  and  Tunic  of  the  PROPHET  is  laid  aside,  and  nothing  left  to  distinguish  the  reformed  Turk  from  the  other  nations  of  Europe  but  the  Scemitar  and  Crescent.  Nor  did  Christianity  miss  her  opportu opportunity.  nity. opportunity.  The  Greek  Christian,  who  but  a  few.  short  years  since,  was  a  despised  and  miserable  slave,  is  now  a  freeman  and  a  citizen.  Many  converts  from  the  Musselman  faith  to  the  Christian  Church  also  help  to  swell  the  number  of  Christians  in  this  •  state,  to  upwards  of  five  millions.  In  the  arts  and  sciences  we  also  find  the  OTTO OTTOMANS  MANS OTTOMANS  bestirring  themselves.  In  many  of  our  Universities,  the  TURKISH  students  have  won  many  marks  of  honour  and  distinction,  and  have.  subse subsequently  quently subsequently  returned  to  their  native  land,  carrying  with  them  a  perfect  knowledge  of  civil  govern government,  ment, government,  law,  physic,  and  many  of  the  great  practical  sciences  belonging  to  trade,  commerce,  and  manu manufactures:  factures: manufactures:  Such  has  been  the  career  of  TURKEY  since  RESCHED  PASHA  has  held  a  place  in  the  DIVAN.  From  his  own  purse  he  has  paid  for  the  education  of  many  young  TURKS,  who  are  now  actively  en engaged  gaged engaged  in  diffusing  the  benefits  of  the  instruction  they  have  received  in  this  and  other  countries,  among  their  own  poor.  And  how  rapidly  we  find  these  incalculable  benefits  developing  themselves.  The  trade  of  Turkey  (carried  on  like  that  of  the  Phcenecians,  was  confined  to  a  few  fruits  and  fish,  which  they  carried  only  to  the  neighbour neighbouring  ing neighbouring  islands  in  the  Levant,)  is  now  extending  itself  daily,  and  .  to  this  country  is  becoming  of  vas  t  importance.  The  export  of  British  manufactures  to  Turkey  for  this  year  will  be  very  little  under  one  million,  while  our  imports  of  Turkish  produce  is  nearly  three  millions  annually.  Now  setting  aside  the  fable  of  the  so  often  repeated  by  the  London  Times,  and  its  no  less  marvellous  tradition  touching  the  rights  of  sovereignty  which  Russia  enjoys  by  over  the  Turkish  territory—we  think  we  have  shown  that  the  SULTAN  MAH MAHMOUD  MOUD MAHMOUD  is  entitled  to  the  utmost  sympathy  and  support  of  every  Englishman  against  a  TYRANT  whose  only  pastime  is  that  of  preparing  the  instru instruments,  ments, instruments,  and  laying  down  plans,  for  the  wholesale  slaughter  of  an  unoffending  people.  Are  such  things  possible?  Shall  we  tolerate  these  savage  deeds  of  •an  inhuman  monster  to  be  handed  down  to  posterity  in  the  history  of  the  Nineteenth  Century  ?  Turkey  has  her  ALLIES  in  Persia,  Egypt  and  Morocco,  and  from  these  she  may  draw  a  force  of  fifty  thousand  men,  with  which,  added  to  her  army  now  in  tIT6  field  and  those  preparing  for  service,  she  may  be  able  to  meet  the  Russian  with  two  hundred  and  fifty  thousand  men.  Should  a  conflict  occur  and  be  prolonged,  England,  - STYLE=superscript  by  sending  a  naval  force  to  protect  the  islands  of  Candia,  Smyrna,  and  the  smaller  islands  of  the  Levant,  Turkey  might  augment  her  force  by  .thirty  thousand  additional  men.  With  such  an  army,  ably  officered  as  the  Turkish  regiments  are  by  foreigners  of  all  nations,  the  AUTOCRAT  may  meet  on  the  Danube  the  well-merited  punish punishment  ment punishment  he  escaped  only  at  the  cost  of  the  second  city  in  his  empire.  England  is  not,  we  repeat,  in  a  temper  to  be  trifled  with,  and  a  second  NAPOLEON  is  ready  to  direct  the  arms  of  France.  PERHAPS  there  never  was  an  age  characterized  by  so  many,  or  such  striking  anomalies  as  that  in  which  we  Hire.  Periodically,  some  hidden  thing  of  casually  comes  to  light.  The  Press,  naturally  enough,  comments  upon  it.  Humanity  is  shocked  - STYLE=superscript  for  a  while  and—that  is  ail!  Every  part  of  our  admirable  social  machinery  goes  on  as  orderly  and  as  smoothly  as  ever.  Our  Members.  meet,  debate,  make  laws  separate,  go  grous€  searing,  talk  twaddl  and  devour  the  turtle  of  their  constituents,  or  indulge  in  such  harmless  sports,  till  their  sapient  presence  be  again  required  on  some  important  business  of  the  Mayors,  and  city  Aldermen,  gratify  their  gastrono•  mic  tastes,  and  replete  their  modest  appetites  at  civic  and  corporation  banquets,  or  elegant  dejeuners— dejeunersthe  the dejeunersthe  Royal  Society  of  the  and  kindred  bodies,  holds  its  annual  meeting  to  establish  its  claims  upon  benevolent  pro procure  cure procure  a  recherche  dinner  At  the  London  tavern  ;  and  collect  subscriptions  which  pay  for  them;  drink  each  other's  health;  call  one  another  good  and  part—till  the  next  anniversary  !  Meanwhile,  religious  societies  are  oganized  for  the  express  object  of  converting  the  . STYLE=superscript  0  -jib-be-way  tribe  —or,  perhaps,  to  present  a  suitable  offer 'offering'  to  the  popular  Authoress  of  Uncle  Tonz's  Cabin,  flif  the  great  regard  therein  manifested  for  the  poor  black  slave,  who,  as  a  matter  of  right,  is  allied  to  us  both  by  blood  and  :the  common•  sympathies  of  our  race.  Really,  foreigners  must  think  us  the  noblest  people  under  the  sun;  and  at  the  antipodes,  our  charact  for  benevolence  must  stand  very  high.  But  alas  !  how  fearfully  misplaced  is  half  our  generosity?  We  have  no  wish  to  quarrel  with  the  supporters  of  any  benevolent  Utopia;  but  we  would  respectfully  suggest  that,  whilst  such  frightful  misery  exists  as  is  now  and  again  brought  to  our  knowledg  it  would  be  more  politic,  More  3ary;  that  we  should  first  of  all  and  endeavour  to  civilize  and  wise,  more  m  nize,  to  assuage,  if  we  could  not  entirely  the  miseries  of  those  thousands  of  poor  wretches—degraded  and  brutalized  specimens  of  humanity—who  starve,  sicken  . STYLE=superscript  ,  die,  and  rot  at  our"
