text
"NORTHERN  DAIL  TIMES.  WEDNESDAY,  NOVEMBER  7,  1853,  EXCLUSIVE,  Received  at  11  o'Clock,  Saturday,  Nov.  26.  NEW  ORLEANS,  Nov.  25.—The  Steamer  United  States,  from  Aspinwall,  with  dates  from  California,  to  Nov.  1,  has  arrived  at  the  Belize,  below  this  city,  and  will  be  up  early  on  Saturday  forenoon.  A  despatch  states  that  the  Illinois  sailed  from  Aspin Aspinwall  wall Aspinwall  for  New  York,  on  the  19th,  with  one  million  dollars  in  gold,  and  150  passengers.  [The  Illinoi3  will  be  due  here  (New  York)  on  Monday.]  NEW  YORK  MARKETS—Nov.  25  MONEY  AND  STOCKS.—The  supply  of  money  was  easy  at  call  at  7  per  cent.  There  is  a  steady  business  in  paper,  90  days  to  6  months,  at  10  to  12  per  cent.  The  banks  are  dis discounting  counting discounting  to  their  regular  customers,  on  very  short  prime  paper.  The  foreign  news,  together  with  the  stiff  rates  for  foreign  exchaage,  and  the  prospect  of  a  considerable  ship shipment  ment shipment  of  specie  by  the  Collins  packet  to-morrow,  caused  an  unfavourable  turn  on  the  stock  exchange  to-day.  The  fall  on  the  speculative  stocks  was  about  1  per  cent.  The  market  closed  dull,  and  rather  drooping  in  the  afternoon,  with  the  exception  of  Reading.  ASHES—Seem  in  moderate  demand  at  unaltered  fig figures.  ures. figures.  The  day's  business  includes  60  bbls.  5  dols.  56  for  Pearls,  and  5  dols.  50  for  Pots,  per  100  lbs.  The  sales  of  Cotton  to-day  were  2,388  bales,  the  mark  et  firm.  Of  the  crop  prospect,  Mr.  STEWART,  in  his  circular  for  the  Collins  packet  to-morrow,  remarks  :  the  past  fortnight  the  weather  has  been  throughout  favorable  for  ripening  the  crop,  and  must  exercise  a  great  influence  on  the  final  result  The  southwestern  rivers  are  slowly  rising,  and  during  the  next  month  the  receipts  will  probably  weekly  reach  figures  on  a  par  with  the  general  opinion  of  the  future  crop.  FLoun  AND  MEAL.  State  and  Western  brands  in influenced  fluenced influenced  in  part  by  the  steamers  news,  the  moderate  receipts  from  the  interior,  and  the  anticipation  of  an  early  suspen suspension  sion suspension  of  navigation  on  the  canals  have  been  less  freely  offered  and  more  sought  after,  both  by  the  home  trade  and  by  shippers,  at  enhanced  rates.  The  day's  movements  comprise  24,000  brls.  Canadian  is  brisker  and  firmer,  but  not  essentially  dearer.  PnovisioNs.—Pork  is  even  more  freely  offered  at  still  lowor  prices,  yet  is  not  in  very  active  demand.  The  day's  business  include  600  brls.  Western,  at  $l3  sc.  to  $l4  for  Mess,  and  $lO  871-c.  to  $ll  for  prime,  per  brl.  Cutmeats  are  without  alteration.  Lard  is  depreciating.  FUEIGILTS  —To  Liverpool;  about  4,000  brls.  flour  were  engaged  at  3s.  6d.  ;  8,000  to  9,000  bushels  corn,  in  ships'  bags,  at  12d.,  and  200  packages  lard  at  40s.  per  ton.  To  London,  600  to  700  brls.  flour  were  engaged  at  4s.  9d.  To  Havre,  2,000  brls.  flour  at  95c.  per  brl.  ALBANY,  Nov.  25,  1853.—Receipts  since  our  last  :  Flour,  16,000  brls.  ;  wheat,  18,000  bushels;  corn,  20,000  bushels;  oats,  12,000  bushels.  Flour  :  The  sales  reach  2,000  brls.,  at  16  75P.  to  16  87c.  for  State,  and  $6  17c.  to  $7  for  Wes Western.  tern. Western.  Wheat  steady  and  firm  ;  sales  2,500  bushels,  at  17s.  for  Genesee.  Corn  :  No  supply,  but  in  good  demand  ;  sales  4,000  bushels.  Barley  :  20,000  bushels  sold  . STYLE=superscript  at  80c.  for  two  rowed  ;  80c.  to  81c.  for  Wisconsin.  Oats  improving;  sales  at  53c.  _  _  BUFFALO,  Nov.  25,  1853.  —The  only  receipts  since  our  last  report  have  been  7,000  brls.  of  flour.  Our  market  is  unsettled,  and  we  hear  of  no  sales  worth  reporting.  The  weather  is  very  cold,  and  there  have  been  no  shipments.  CHARLESTON,  Nov.  24.—The  sales  of  cotton  to-day  were  1,500  bales,  and  for  the  week  9,000  bales,  at  prices  ranging  from  71c.  to  11c.  The  receipts  of  the  week  foot  tip  to  13,000  bales.  The  market  closes  ic  to  3 STYLE=superscript  e.  higher  than  last  week,  middling  fair  and  fair  being  quoted  at  lo`-;e.  to  11c.  Nov.  25.  —The  sales  of  cotton  to-day  were  700  bales,  at  prices  ranging  from  9c.  to  101  c.  The  market  shows  no  change.  NEW  ORLEANS,  Nov.  24,  P.M.—Cotton  has  been  very  active  this  afternoon,  under  the  Canada's  news,  the  sales  of  the  day  reaching  14,000  bales,  the  largest  of  the  season.  Prices  have  advanced  ic.,  strict  middling  being  quoted  at  9-1-e.  to  91e.  The  receipts  to-day  have  been  11,000  bales.  Rio  coffee  is  active;  10,000  bags  sold  at  104  c.  to  11  c.,  and  holders  are  now  asking  higher  rates.  Pork—Sales  of  1,500  brls.  old  mess,  at  $l2.  NEW  YORK  SHIPPING  INTELLIGENCE.  SAILED  :—Helena,  Newcastle  on  Tyne,  25th  Nov,  ARRIVED  :—Hibernia,  Liverpool,  25th  Nov.  ;  Java.  Glasgow,  25th  do.  ;  Sheridan,  Liverpool,  below.  The  Ships  Cornelia  and  Fidelia  from  Liverpool,  and  Florida  from  London,  have  been  towed  up  from  Quarantine  to  day.  VESSELS  SPOKEN  :—Pomona,  St.  John's,  for  Leith  on  14th,  lat.  44,  lon.  52;  Rhodes,  St.  John's,  N.  8.,  for  Liverpool,  on  17th,  lat.  42,  lon.  64  12.  LIST  OF  PASSENGERS.  Mr.  J.  H.  Deming,  Miss  E.  D.  Brown,  Mr.  J.  N.  A.  Gris Griswold,  wold, Griswold,  Mrs.  R.  N.  Butterworth,  Mr.  H.  S.  Taylor,  Mr.  W.  Gaedertz,  Mr.  A.  F.  Washington  and  lady  and  infant  and  nurse,  Mrs.  Drake  Mills,  Mrs.  E.  Ryder,  Mrs.  E.  Busher,  Mr.  W.  S.  Pendleton  and  lady,  Mr.  W.  H.  Whittemore  and  lady  and  four  children  and  nurse,  Mr.  Chas.  F.  Moulton,  Mr.  George  Brodie,  Mr.  J.  F.  Halsted,  Mr.  H.  Spencer  and  lady,  Mr.  J.  Rodger,  Miss  J.  Watson,  Mr.  T.  A.  Vyse  and  Ludy,  three  Miss  Vyses  and  two  Mr.  Vyses  and  female  servant,  Messrs.  Rochester,  William  Bates,  F.  Fall,  C  Montagut,  C.  Thomas,  F.  Koechlin,  W.  F.  Murray,  Dr.  S.  S.  Horner,  (bearer  of  despatches  to  Paris,)  Dr  .  D.  J.  Fongeaud  and  lady,  two  children  and  nurse,  Messrs.  F.  Fryon,  G.  W.  Usborne,  J.  C.  O'Neill,  (11.  S.  Consul  to  Bel Belfast,)  fast,) Belfast,)  W.  B.  Snipes,  J.  Hart,  J.  B.  and  C.  Thompson,  Mr.  J.  W.  Wilkinson,  (bearer  of  despatches,)  Mrs.  J.  W.  Wil Wilkinson  kinson Wilkinson  and  daughter,  Messrs.  Borel,  W.  Stevenson,  Miss  Stevenson,  Mr.  J.  W.  Proudfort,  Miss  Rhodes,  Lieutenant-  General  Vetter,  Madame  J.  Pauer,  Dr.  F.  P.  Abbot,  (bearer  of  despatches,)  Messrs.  H.  M.  Avery,  L.  Leveison,  George  Ronalds,  H.  Williams,  H.  Arens,  Mr.  Soldiac,  Right  Rev.  F.  Baraga,  Mr.  P.  G.  Penchy,  Messrs.  L.  and  A.  Dubois,  P.  Young,  R.  Carson,  J.  Finlins,  Deitz,  C.  A.  Spatz,  Messrs.  W.  E.  Shannon,  Edward  Gastard,  P.  Meyer,  J.  D.  Pinkin Pinkinton,  ton, Pinkinton,  J.  Hill,  Dr.  J.  Stradley,  H.  Bosi,  S.  Robinson,  Miss  Robinson,  Mr.  Harris.  Total  93.  SECOND  EDITION.  [BY  ELECTRIC  TELEGRAPH.]  Northern  Daily  Times  Office  Eight  O'clock,  a.m.  EASTERN  WAR.  Krajova  letters  of  the  30th  of  November  state  that  up  to  that  date  the  Russians  had  made  no  ad advance  vance advance  against  Kalafat.  It  was  thought  General  Tishbat  had  been  ._  , STYLE=superscript  rdered  to  fall  back  upon  Bucha Bucharest,  rest, Bucharest,  where  Gortschakoff  is  concentrating  the  whole  of  his  troops,  with  the  front  of  his  army  turned  towards  Silistria.  On  the  27th,  28th,  and  29th,  the  Turks  renewed  their  attacks  on  Guirgevo  without  any  favorable  result.  In  Moldavia  affairs  are  conducted  in  the  most  absolute  manner  by  General  Urusoff;  the  Jews  in  particular  are  the  victims  of  his  brutality.  At  Jassy  not  less  than  18  large  houses  belonging  to  different  Boyars  are  converted  into  hospitals.  CONSTANTINOPLE,  NOV.  21.—The  war  in  Asia  is  carried  on  with  great  energy.  The  Turks  attacked  and  routed  a  Russian  corps  in  the  Province  of  Bayazid.  On  the  4th  a  serious  engagement  took  place  near  the  fortress  of  Nekessa,  and  ended  in  the  de  feat  of  the  Russians  The  following  is  the  text  of  the  Sultan's  reply  to  General  Bare  quay  D'  Hilliers  :  I  have  always  relied,  and  I  rely  in  the  present  crisis,  on  the  material  support  of  my  ancient  allies,  France  and  Great  Britain.  France  and  the  rest  of  Europe  have  the  right  to  insist  on  peace  :  I,  too,  desire  peace,  but  only  if  it  can  be  had  without  prejudice  to  my  sovereign  rights,  and  the  independence  of  Turkey.  At  present  no  arrangement  is  possible  without  the  entire  renunciation  of  the  pretensions  put  forward  by  Russia,  and  without  the  immediate  and  complete  evacuation  of  the  two  Principalities,  which  are  a  part  of  my  The  Times  states  in  a  leading  article  that  the  definite  concert  of  the  Four  Great  Powers  at  length  established,  deprives  the  Eastern  contest  of  the  principal  dangers  attending  its  prolongation.  With  Great  Britain,  France,  Austria,  and  Prussia  com combined  bined combined  in  a  firm  and  deliberate  union,  for  the  regu regulation  lation regulation  of  affairs  upon  a  basis  previously  arranged,  it  is  altogether  impossible  that  the  general  security  of  Europe  should  be  materially  disturbed.  ST.  PETERSBURG,  NOVEMBER  28.—The  frost  is  very  severe,  and  the  navigation  completely  closed  FRANCE.—Penis,  TUESDAY.—The  fnuds  were  very  buoyant.  Threes  closed  at  75f.  45c.,  and  Four-and Four-anda-half  a-half Four-anda-half  per  Cents  100  f.  60c.  Gold  is  about  0.38  per  cent.  dearer  in  Paris  than  in  London,  and  0.06  per  cent.  dearer  in  London  than  in  Hamburgh.  The  Exchange  at  New  York  is  nominally  0.17  per  cent.  in  favour  of  England,  leaving  a  trifling  profit  on  the  importation  of  gold  from  the  United  States.  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLMER,  of  21,  Oxford  Street,  at  his  General  Printing  and  Stationery  Establishment,  19,  South  John  Street,  Liverpool.  WEDNESDAY,  DECEMBER  7,  Ha"
