text
"FRANCE.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  name  a  daily  newspaper  editor  of  high  sta  ing,  who  makes  his  newspaper  express  fullest  confidence  in  peace,  and  _  frankly  confesses  to  his  friends  that  he  h,  has  none.  As  to  the  Government,  its  journal,  by  the  pen,  and  its  partisans  by  the  tongue,  vo\  that  it  is  quite  determined  to  make  peace,  and  quite  convinced  that  there  will  be  peace  ;  but  it  is  easy  to  see  that  there  is  much  uncertainty  beneath  their  bluster.  As  to  the  Emperor,  I  am  again  assured,  by  people  who  ought  to  know,  that  he  is  not  for  peace,  and  that  his  present  peaceable  atti attitude  tude attitude  is  only  assumed  from  interested  calculations.  It  will  be  some  days  yet  before  ;we  'shall  be  in  possession  of  the  official  despatches  of  the  Russian  Government  announcing  its  acceptance  of  the  Austrian  propositions—they  are  not  expected  at  Vienna  until  the  24th.  It  is  said  that  Prussia  hesitates  to  accept  the  offer  made  her  by  the  Allies,  to  take  part  in  the  approaching  conferences,  on  condition  of  declaring  against  Russia  in  the  event  of  peace  not  being  obtained.  If  this  be  true,  it  is  an  indication  that  Prussia  knows  that  Russia  is  not  sincere  in  accept accepting  ing accepting  the  conditions  of  Austria,  and  that  the  Confer Conferences  ences Conferences  will  be  a  mere  sham.  The  Bourse  at  the  early  part  of  'the  day  mani manifested  fested manifested  great  discouragement,  but  afterwards  rallied  on  receipt  of  the  news  that  the  Russian  Govern Government  ment Government  had  ordered  Gortschakoff  to  suspend  opera-  yet  1.  The  Moniteur  of  yesterday,  contained  an  Impe Imperial  rial Imperial  decree,  making  some  alterations  in  the  Wool  duties,  but  I  refrained  from  mentioning  it  until  I  should  have  an  opportunity  of  inquiring  of  busi business-men  ness-men business-men  the  precise  signification  of  it.  It  was,  it  appears,  the  imposition  of  the  duty  on  wool  by  weight,  instead  of  ad  valorem  as  heretofore,  and  it  reduces  the  duty  nearly  one-half.  These  alterations  cannot  fail  to  be  advantageous  to  the  wool  trade  in  England.  Months  ago,  you  may  remember,  told  you  that  the  French  Emperor  was  determined  to  adopt  a  liberal  commercial  policy.  THE  PEACE  QUESTION  The  Independence  says  —The  preliminaries  of  peace  cannot  very  well  be  signed  before  the  Ist  or  2nd  of  February.  The  official  document  signed  at  St.  Peters Petersburg  burg Petersburg  on  the  16th  by  Count  Nesselrod  e  and  Count  Ester Esterhazy,  hazy, Esterhazy,  must  first  be  sent  to  Vienna:  It  roo,  despatched  to  the  Governments  of  France  and  England.  As  soon  as  their  representatives  at  Vienna  have  b  e  en  authorised  to  attach  their  signatures,  an  armistice  will  be  immediately  proclaimed.  It  will  then  be  decided  in  what  place  the  negotiations  will  be  carried  on.  The  diplomatic  usage  is,  that  the  preliminaries  and  the  definitive  treaty  of  peace  are  never  signed  in  the  same  place.  Vienna  is,  therefore,  excluded.  The  seat  of  the  negotiations  will  most  likely  be  Paris.  It  is  stated  in  the  Independence  that,  with  reference  to  the  fifth  point,  there  will  not  be  the  difficulties  generally  apprehended.  The  French  papers,  reputed  to  be  connected  with  the  government,  are  assuming,  in  the  most  complacent  man manner,  ner, manner,  that  the  first  four  of  the  Esterhazy  propositions  express  all  that  France  and  England  demand  of  Russia,  and  when  not  entirely  ignoring  the  fifth  point,  assuring,  their  readers  that  the  Allies,  or  at  any  rate  France,  wilt  not  make  use  of  it,  to  raise  difficulties  about  Bomarsund.  In  other  words,  Russia  has  only  to  refuse  to  admit  it,  and  it  will  be  dropped.  The  Journal  des  Debets,  of  Tuesday,  has  an  article  by  its  chief  writer,  which  concludes  thus  The  peace  of  1856,  in  order  that  it  may  not  falsify  our  expectations,  must  have  its  basis  on  the  alliance  between  France  and  England.  It  is  that  alliance  which  led  the  war  to  a  successful  issue.  In  that  alliance  also  must  peace  find  its  force  and  efficiency.  Weaken  the  union  between  these  powers,  and  the  peace  of  1856  becomes  nothing  but  a  skilful  calculation  of  Russia,  for  subverting  by  peace  the  harmony  which  she  could  not  disturb  by  war.  Maintain  the  present  sincere  alliance  unimpaired,  and  the  peace  of  1856  will  have  yielded  the  objects  for  which  the  war  was  The  Berlin  journal  says,  that  an  advice  from  St,  Petersburg  of  January  21st,  informs  it  that  Russia  will  •  not  disappoint  the  hopes  of  Europe,  or  allow  herself  to  be  prevented  by  minor  points  in  carrying  on  the  work,'  of  conciliation.  She  hopes  her  moderation  will  be  acknowledged  as  it  deserves  to  be.  The  propositions  of  the  English  Cabinet  are  reported  at  Vienna  to  have  been  formally  expressed.  Before  entering  upon  negotiations,  the  Cabinet  of  St.  James's  insists  on  the  admission  of  consuls  to  the  ports  of  Russia  in  the  Black  Sea—a  precise  definition  of  the  Asiatic  frontier  of  Russia  —and  the  abandonment  of  the  Aland  isles  as  a  fortified  post.  These  are  stipulated  as  the  fifth  category..  Russia  has  not  accepted  the  carte-blanche.  The  Rus Russian  sian Russian  Cabinet  was  made  acquainted  with  the  special  conditions  which  comprise  the  prohibition  to  re-build  Bomarsund,  the  exact  limitation  of  the  Russian  frontiers  in  Asia,  and  the  right  of  appointing  consuls  in  the  Rus Russian  sian Russian  ports  in  the  Black  Sea.  The  Cabinet  of  Vienna  will  have  to  receive  its  official  despatches  from  Count  Esterhazy,  communicating  the  particulars  of  the  Russian  acceptance.  It  will  then  have  to  address  the  Cabinets  of  Paris  and  London,  in informing  forming informing  them  of  what  has  occurred  ;  upon  that  they  will  have  to  deliberate,  and  come  to  a  resolution.  As  the  despatches  from  Austria  can  hardly  be  received  for  two  or  three  days  to  come,  patience  must  be  exercised  by  the  public  if  they  would  avoid  falling  into  error.  A  private  despatch  received  at  Paris,  on  Tuesday,  an announced  nounced announced  that  an  armistice  had  been  signed  in  Lonclon  the  same  day.  MILITARY  AND  NAVAL  PROSPECTS  OF  GREAT  13RITAINa  —Although  we  may  look  back  with  satisfaction  to  many  things,  we  have  still  much  to  deplore  in  the  past,  and  grave  causes  for  anxiety  in  the  future.  That  the  war  will  continue  and  assume  far  greater  dimensions  than  it  has  hitherto  done,  we  can  have  little  doubt.  We  are  equally  persuaded  that  the  country  will  not  tolerate  any'  ministry  which  is  not  prepared  to  prosecute  it  with  vigour,  and  for  adequate  objects.  It  is  only  by  yielding  to  the  unanimous  feeling  of  the  nation  that  an  admi administration,  nistration, administration,  in  itself  one  of  the  weakest  and  most  incompetent  England  has  ever  seen,  is  able  to  retain  the  conduct  of  public  affairs,  But,  unfortunately,  from  such  a  government  we  can  scarcely  expect  any  of  those  measures  which  alone  will  enable  us  to  take  our  share  in  this  gro  at  contest  with  an  honour  and  success  worthy  of  the  nation.  We  may  aid  our  allies  by  the  indomitable  courage  of  our  soldiers  and  the  vast  extent  of  our  material  resources,  hut  at  the  same  time  we  bring  discredit  on  ourselves  by  the  inferio inferiority  rity inferiority  of  the  position  we  have  assumed.  At  the  end  of  two  years'  war,  there  is  still  no  man  to  whom  the  country  can  look  with  confidence  t  o  res  t  ore  h  er  military  fame,  and  to  wield  her  vast  naval  power.  We  can  turn,  it  is  true,  to  the  deeds  of  our  soldiers  and  regimental  officers  as  some  balm  to  Mir  wounded  national  pride  ;  but,  as  we  have  heard  it  Stated  by  a  high  and  impartial  authority,  who  has  had  every  opportunity  at  home  and  abroad  of  forming  a  opinion,  we  h  ave,  w  i  th  the  best  soldiers,  in  tl  world,  the  worst  administrators.  Wealth  and  have  both  been  recklessly  squandered  ;  obtained  inferior  results  at  a  stupendous  cost.  Every Everything  thing Everything  is  still  within  our  grasp  ;  but  while  we  point  with  exultation  to  cur  great  array  of  ships  and  gunb  oa  ts,  to  our  preparations  for  th  e  next  campaign,  and  to  the  heap  of  provisions  and  clothing  which,  now  that  they  are  scarcely  needed,  encumber  our  camp,  let  not  the  country  forget  that  something  more  is  required  to  restore  our  national  charac:  ter  to  its  full  and  rig/AM  height.  It  is  for  that  we  m  ust  , STYLE=superscript  now  contend,  as  much  as  for  the  independence  of  Turkey  and  the  freedom  of  Europe.--Quarterly  Review,  we  have  •  PARIS,  TUESDAY  EVENING.  I  have  reason  to  believe  that  the  French  Govern Government  ment Government  has  this  day  sent  off  orders  to  the  Crimea  to  suspend  military  operations  against  the  Russians.  A  telegraphic  despatch  from  Berlin  says  that  the  Russian  Government  has  already  despatched  an  order  to  that  effect  to  General  Gortschakoff.  Several  regiments  are  under  orders  to  leave  the  Crimea,  and  it  is  said,  to-day,  that  orders  have  been  sent  to  Marseilles  to  delay  the  departure  of  tl  that  were  destined  to  replace  them.  This,  1  eve:,  proves  little.  What  is  more  signitican  , STYLE=superscript  that  the  French  Government  has  not  susnen  any  of  its  preparations  for  continuing  the  war,  net  countermanded  any  of  its  more  important  ordeng.  The  confidence  in  peace  that  was  manifested  so  noisily,  and  so  offensively,  the  other  day,  is  by  no  means  so  strong  to  day  —at  least  amongst  th©  higher  classes.  I  could  name,  if  it  were  proper  so  to  do,  half  a  dozen  political  personages  of  great  weight,  who  believed  in  peace  on  Friday  last,  and  do  not  believe  in  it  now.  I  could,  for  instance.  P2_TB00272 is  ad  ap  as"
