text
"MEETING.  IN  TOXTETH-PAIi:S.!  Yesterday  morn  •  g,  a  meeting  of  the  ratepayers  of  tu.  place  of  Toxteth-park,  was  convened  at  the  Public-offices,  for  the  purpose  of  electing  a  member  of  the  burial  board,  iu  the  room  of  Mr.  Miller,  resigned.  Mr.  Hilton  Halhead  occupied  the  chair.  Dlerk  having  read  the  notice  convening  the  meeting,  1--- STYLE=superscript  -- STYLE=superscript  tid  they  were  met  for  the  purpose  of  elect electto  to electto  fill  the  place  of  Mr.  Miller  at  the  ing  a  gent  burial  boar  He  had  much  pleasure  in  proposing,  as  his  successor,  Mr.  John  Cropper.  Mr.  Cropper  was  well  known,  in  the  park,  and  took  a  great  interest  in  its  affairs.  Mr.  - STYLE=superscript  .D.  Craig  had  much  pleasure  in  seconding  the  appoint appointment  ment appointment  of  Mr.  Cropper.  _  The.appointment  was  unanimously  confirmed.  The  Chairman  said,  the  next  business  on  the  notice,  is  to  take  into  consideration  the  bill  for  the  extension  of  the  borough  of  Liverpool,  but  as  that  bill  has  been  withdrawn,  since  the  notice  was  given,  it  would  be  unnecessary  to  refer  to  it.  ifs  might,  however,  be  permitted  to  state,  that  the  bill  which  was  intended  to  be  introduced,  was  a  most  gigantic  measure,  and  was  such  an  one,  that  it  was  scarcely  likely  to  have  ben  carried,  but  was  put  forward,  no  doubt,  for  the  purpose  of  ascertaining  the  wishes  of  the  parishes  on  the  subject.  Birkenhead  had  been  at  one  time  favourable  to  the  bill,  but  they  had  asked  the  council  to  comply  with  such  preposterous  terms,  that  the  bill  had  been  withdrawn  and  as  was  said  in  the  council  a  few  days  since,  he  thought  it  was  a  happy  deliverance.  A  vote  of  thanks  having  been  passed  to  the  Chairman,  the  meeting,  which  was  but  very  thinly  attended,  separated,  there  being  no  other  business  to  transact.  FREDERICK-STREET  SCHOOLS.  A  meeting  of  the  subscribers  and  donors  to  the  above  schools  was  held  at  one  o'clock,  yesterday,  in  the  New  Schools,  Frederick-street.  The  chair  was  occupied  by  the  Rev.  T.  L.  Pain,  M.A.  ;  and  amongst  the  other  gentlemen  present  were—Rev.  Dr.  AP.N  eile,  Mr.  Alderman  Robinson,  Mr.  W.  P.  Jeffreys,  Mr.  J.  Rigby,  Mr.  Wilson,  Mr.  West,  Mr.  Southward  Mr.  Gough,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  There  were  also  some  ladies  present.  The  Chairman  opened  the  proceedings  by  reading  the  following  REPORT.  The  committee  of  St.  Thomas's  schools  have  great  plea pleasure  sure pleasure  in  presenting  their  annual  report  to  the  subscribers  on  the  present  occasion.  They  are  enabled  to  inform  them  that  the  school  for  girls  and  infants  has  been  conducted  to  their  entire  satisfaction  throughout  the  past  year,  and  that  since  their  removal  to  the  present  building,  notwith notwithstanding  standing notwithstanding  it  took  place  under  some  disadvantage,  the  num number  ber number  on  ;the  books  has  increased  to  nearly  150,  and  the  attendance  to  120.  The  Sunday  school  has  also  been  well  attended.  During  the  seven  years  of  its  existence  the  blessing  of  God  has  been  abundantly  vouchsafed  upon  the  exertions  of  those  connected  with  it,  land  the  committee  could  inform  you,  from  circumstances  that  have  come  to  their  knowledge,  that  impressions  have  there  been  made  productive  of  the  greatest  good.  But  the  event  of  the  past  year  especially  deserving  of  notice  is  the  completion  of  this  commodious  building  in  which  we  are  now  assem assembled—a  bled—a assembled—a  work  which  will  remain  as  a  lasting  record  of  the  interest  the  subscribers  to  it  take  in  the  religious  training  and  secular  education  of  the  children  of  '  the  labouring  classes.  To  the  subscribers  the  committee  would  offer  their  best  thanks  for  their  very  liberal  donations,  and  they  trust  that  their  latest  act—the  appointment  of  a  master  possessing  a  Government  certificate  of  merit  for  the  boys'  school—will  be  a  proof  to,them  that  they  are  determined,  with  God's  good  blessing  upon  their  humble  efforts,  to  proceed  steadily  forward  in  the  course  they  have  hitherto  pu  -  -  _  ed,  towards  supplying  a  sound,  useful,  and  religious  education  to  the  children  of  the  labouring  classes  residing  in  this  populous  locality.  Mr.  Alderman  Robinson  moved  that  the  adopted,  printed,  and  circulated  among  the  sal__  -  In  doing  so,  he  briefly  dwelt  on  the  advantages  of  educa education,  tion, education,  and  illustrated  its  importance  by  reminding  working  men  that  the  first  question  which  was  now  asked  of  a  person  seeking  employment  was,  whether  he  could  read  and  write  ?  In  a  worldly  point  of  view,  then  he  urged  that  no  greater  benefit  could  be  conferred  on  a  child,  by  its  parents,  than  a  good  education.  report  be  Mr.  W.  P.  Jeffreys  seconded  the  motion,  and  observed  that  the  report  would  be  must  acceptable  to  the  sub subscribers,  scribers, subscribers,  as  it  announced  that  the  building  was  now  free  from  debt.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  motion  was  unanimously  adopted.  On  the  motion  of  Rigby,  seconded  by  Mr.  Wilson,  the  committee  for  the  ensuing  year  was  appointed.  The  Rev.  Dr.  M‘l‘Teile  proposed  the  following  resolu resolution  tion resolution  That  this  meeting  desires  to  acknowledge,  with  thankfulness,  the  blessings  of  Almighty  God  upon  the  efforts  of  those  who  have  been  engaged  in  establishing  a  nd  cJnducting  those  schools,  and  in  enabling  them  to  complete  the  work  of  erecting  this  handsome  and  commodious  building,  and  they  trust  that  in  His  goodness  He  will  con continue  tinue continue  His  blessings  on  their  efforts,  and  rise  up  friends  to  assist  them  in  carrying  on  the  work  in  which  they  are  In  moving  the  resolution,  the  rev.  gentleman  said  that  it  required  nothing  like  argument,  and  still  lesa  artifica,  to  induce  the  meeting  to  adopt  it.  It  was  not,  then,  for  the  purpose  of  pressing  it  on  their  acceptance  that  1  10 STYLE=superscript  would  offer  a  few  observations,  but  for  the  purpose  of  grati'  fying  himself  in  taking  a  part,  though  a  small  part,  in  the  completion  of  the  good  work  in  which  he  had  felt  an  inte interest,  rest, interest,  from  the  first  time  Mr.  Thompson  spoke  to  him  about  it.  Too  much  praise  could  not  be  given  to  Mr.  Thompson  for  his  zeal  and  enthusiasm  in  the  matter  ;  for  in  this  world  there  were  so  many  impediments,  so  many  hindrances  in  the  way,  that  without  some  enthusiast  no  goo  d  work  wag STYLE=superscript  now  carried  through.  They  heard  people  sneer  at  enthw  Blasts,  saying,  Oh,  he  is  half  mad  but  they  might  rest  assured  that  but  for  enthusiasts  good  works  would  languish  altogether  in  this  world.  The  Apostles  were  enthusiasts  ;  the  Reformers  were  enthusiasts  ;  all  good  men  that  moved  society  were  enthusiasts  ;  and  their  labours  had  at  eyed  time  been  beneficial  to  the  world.  The  rev.  gentleman  thee  directed  his  discourse  to  education,  and  in  illustration  of  its  advantages,  pointed  out  that  it  was  a  natural  law  which  held  good  in  every  clime,  in  every  soil,  and  in  every  age,  that  6.  those  who  think  must  gove  rn  th  ose  w  h  o  toil.&#34;Sett'e  strong  minds,  he  said,  bad  certainly  been  able  to  think  without  the  aid  of  cultivation,  but  they  had  been  very  rare!  and  those  only  who  in  their  youth  were  educated  and  taug  ll STYLE=superscript  to  think  could  hope  to  govern.  He  then  referred  to  religions  education,  and  in  an  equally  forcible  manner  illustrated  not  only  its  importance  but  its  necessity.  The  Rev.  Mr.  Boardman  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  unanimously  adopted.  Thanks  were  then  voted  to  the  chairman,  and  the  pro'  ceedings  terminated.  LONDON  INSOLVENT  IJEBTOIIS'  COURT.—On',  SatUrdai  last,  the  matter  of  Thomas  Moore  Sharp,  an  insolvent'  was  further  heard.  before  Mr.  Commissioner  Phillips  ;  this,  as  on  a  preiious  hearing,  Mr.  Dowse  opposed  fe  Mr.  Sercombe,  the  detaining  creditor,  and  also  for  31  Parry,  a  broker,  resident  a  t  Liveipool  ;  Mr.  sargeo  s4pported.  The  opposition  was  for  fraud.  Porwriy-  the  t„  insolvent  carried  on  business  at  Belfast,  at  which  play/  he  petitioned  the  Irish  court,  and  was  dismissed.  removed  himself  to  Dublin,  where  he  again  petitioned,  a%  judgment  Aft  of  eighteen  e  months,  which*:wour  a  sojour  n  o  f  a  b  out  three  received  expiral  e  a  x  t  j  m  u  months,  a  settlement  was  effected,  and  he  left  the  16%  011 STYLE=superscript  ia  March  last  .  1  -.Ms  debts  under  that,  insolvency  we'  , STYLE=superscript  8000/.  In  April  he  commenced  busine  s  s  a  t  *Li  v  e  r  poo,  gild  ended  abofit  October,  when  he  was  trace'  to  :Londofi,  and  arrested  at  Anderton's-hotel,  ° STYLE=superscript  ,.  11 STYLE=superscript  a  judge's  order.  it  appeared-that  on  the  ‘  4th  Septembel  the  insolvent  purchased  158[_.  15x.  2d.  worth  of  tobacco  Mr.  Sercombe,  through  his  agent,  stating  that  it  was  O'  t  exportation.  Instead  of  exporting:it,  the  insolve  ri STYLE=superscript  e  raised  1551.  on  it  of  Mr.  Parry,  and  had  spent  t  il STYLE=superscript  to  money  in  the  purchase  of  pictures,  which  he  s  ent  ci  Australia;  and  had,  he  said,  lent  a  person  uani  e STYLE=superscript  o  MdriMY  30/.,  when  he  met  him  in  the  street.  1  1 STYLE=superscript  0,°  0  the  insolvent  was  discovered  in  London,  w  here  Pj  had  sevpral  boxes  in  his  possession,  he  was  much  alto;  in,  appearance,  having  got  rid  of  a  profusion  of  hair.  -1 STYLE=superscript  0  his  schedule  no  mention  was  made  of  the  judgrneo  in  the  Irish  court,  but  only  that  he  had  obtained  final  -order.  -Mr.  Commissioner  .  Phillips  .  field_  that  tD STYLE=superscript  e  e STYLE=superscript  ,  debt  had  been  fradulently  contracted  with  Mr.  Serconno  It  was  clear  to  him  that  the  insolvent  never  intended  pay  for_  the  tobacco,  and,  instead  of  exporting  the  li STYLE=superscript  c  o  it  seemed  that  he  intended  to  , STYLE=superscript  s  e  xpo  r  t  hi  m  a  e  if.'t  was  no  doubt  the  statetnent  in  the'  general  balance-sb  e STYLE=superscript  d  was  to  keep  out  of  view  - STYLE=superscript  the  judgment  he  had  receiv  i  under  the  - STYLE=superscript  former  insolvency.  His  Honour  p  rono  unce'  judgment  of  eight  calendar  months,  which  he  f  e  ared  O  r STYLE=superscript  too  lenient  for  the  nature-of  the  case.  -  -  Printed  fo STYLE=superscript  l  9 STYLE=superscript  , STYLE=superscript  f  S  WILLRIER,  of  2],  ,t,  ad  Stationery  astrcet,  at  South  do"
