text
"L  BANKRt  rtificat  olio  Reform  the  14  at  was  n.  Mr_  IA  irm  of  A  rd  to  t  rge  of  t  e  as  Eliz  tender  'which•was  in  a  who  was  c  vening  of  ley,  M.P.  ,  M.P.,  lave  r  had  1  at  the  police  d  by  a  police-  be  Iwo&amp;  aible  to  get  !  He  vvo;la  e  to  the  effect  alluded  to  Sunday  trading,.  an  4  ieywood  DO  guineas  as_:*  n.  The  title  of  Toud  dia  - STYLE=superscript  tinction  or  lay  afternoon,  when  Mr,  1  the  b  —each  xample  !ss  and  0  011  ti  was  just  stept  a  custody  ,n  mar  g  into  an  c  Du  er  gay  lean  rc  pit  nibus  on  t_  an  el  h.  ;sted  she  had  nothing  concealed,  but  officer,  who,  on  searching  her,  found  ,  which  he  had  'no  doubt  she  brought  )  Mr.  Mansfield,  the  officer  said  tidies  was  £3  4s.  The  prisoner,  - STYLE=superscript  swer  to  his  worship,  said  she  before.  The  officer  the  look  out  for  the  ng,timm;o  . STYLE=superscript  -•-  r.  She  was  a  well  known  lady  smuggler,  b  u  t  s  h  e  -  ad  eluded  the  vigilince  of  all  the  officers  heretofore.  Thi  prisoner  was  ordered  to  pay  a  fine  of  £6  sisyor  to  be  corn  THE  LATE  NICHOLAS  MEGRAW,  ESQ.—The  last  sad  obsequies  of  this  lamented  and  venerable  gentleman,  who  had  reached  the  unusual  age  of  ninety-eight  years,  were  performed  at  noon,  yesterday,  when  his  mortal  remains  were  deposited  in  the  new  family  vault  in  Bootle  church.  The  solemn  service  for  the  dead,  according  to  the  formula  of  the  Roman  Catholic  church,  had  •previously  been  per performed  formed performed  in  the  private  chapel  attached  to  the  late  residence  of  the  deceased,  Abercromby  Villa,  Waterloo.  The  chapel,  in  which  the  body  lay,  was  in  black,  and  exhibited  the  mournful  indications  of  woe,  sorrow,  and  bereavement.  The  sacred  apartment  was  filled  by  the  immediate  rela relatives  tives relatives  and  friends  of  the  deceased,  and  by  those  of  the  general  public  who  were  so  fortunate  to  obtatn  the  privi privilege  lege privilege  of  admission.  The  officiating  priests  on  the  m  urnful  occasion  were  the  Rev.  James  Nugent  and  the  Rev.  Henry  Gibson,  and  the-last  rites  havinr  , STYLE=superscript  peon  I  Lewi  of  Bold  staves,  rtakers,  -street  &amp;C.,  bear  in  the  followinfi  Catholic  containing  the  clergy  and  imam  by  four  horses  ;  mourn-  mrirling  coach  ltainingt  beirer  arriage,  closed  ing  place  amid  rughTrespectable  rHE  CottP  ORA  TION  s.—Owing  to  the  no  gets  of  a  numerous  i  tool;  Iterday  a  series  NHEAD  BOND-  I  reporters  to  a  wait  u  k  bond  Liver  iemption  of  t  payab  NORTHERN  TIMES.---LIVERPOOL,  SATVRDAY,  JANUARY  5,  1866,"
