text
"LIVERPOOL  LOCAL  MARINEBOARD.  A  VACANCY  having  occurred  in  the  number  ±Vof  the  DEPUTY  SHIPPING-MASTERS,  the  Local  Marine  Board  are  prepared  to  receive  APPLICATIONS,  supported  by  Testimonials,  on  or  before  Monday  next,  the  sth  inst.,  at  four  o'clock  p.m.,  to  be  left  at  the  Board-room,  in  the  Sailors'  Home,  Paradise-street,  and  the  attendance  of  all  applicants  will  be  required  on  the  day  following,  at  three  o'clock  in  the  afternoon,  at  the  same  place.  The  Salary  will  be  £l2O  per  annum,  immediately,  and  an  advance  of  £5  per  annum  to  the  maximum  Salary  of  £l5O.  _  --  -  -  -  Applications  to  addressed  to  the  CHAIRMAN  of  the  Loca  Marine  Board.  THE  STRANGEWAYS-HALL  COAL  COMPANY,  WIGAN.  _  _  THE  above  Company  lie  REMOVED  their  OFFICES  from  41,  Oldhall-street,  to  DERBY DERBYBUILDINGS,  BUILDINGS, DERBYBUILDINGS,  Fenwick-street,  and  are  in  a  position  to  SUPPLY  the  best  quality  of  Steam  or  House  COAL  with without  out without  delay.  Vessels  loaded  in  Garston  if  required.  Orders  also  taken  for  Rock  and  White  Salt,  for  Shipment  in  Liverpool  or  Runcorn.  JAMES  H.  JOHNSON,  Agent,  Derby-buildings,  Fenwick-street,  Liverpool.  INCE  HALL  COAL  AND  CANNEL.  THE  INCE-HALL  COMPANY'S  C  OALS STYLE=superscript  and  CANNELL  may  be  procured  as  follows,  viz.  :  1,  Brunswick-street,  5 STYLE=superscript  ,  Crown  -street, STYLE=superscript  LIVERPOOL....  {  and  Lightbody-street,  Stanley  Dock.  BIRKENHEAD  ....Bridge-street,  and  Commerce-street.  SEACOMBE  ....Demean-street.  A  DISCOUNT  FOR  CASH  PAYMENT  OF  FIVE  PER  CENT.  Orders  addressed  as  above  will  meet  with  prompt  atten-  WILLIAM  LAIRD,  General  Manager.  WILLIAM  ODELL'S  FURNISHING.  IRONMONGERY  WAREHOUSE,  90,  BOLD-STREET.  A  Large  stock  of  FURNISHING  IRONMONGERY,  of  superior  quality.  A  splendid  collection  of  Steel  and  Bronze  Fenders.  of  exquisite  workmanship  ;  a  magnificent  display  of  Gas  Chandeliers,  in  every  new  design;  a  numerous  variety  of  Patent  Electro-silver  Plated  Forks,  Spoons,  Tea  and  Coffee  'Services,  Salvers,  Dish  Covers,  Liqueur  Stands,  Swing  Kettles,  Cake  Baskets,  Side  Dishes  and  Warmers,  and  splendid  assortment  of  Tea  Trays  and  Coal  Vases,  excelled.  by  none  in  the  trade.  The  above  are  all  of  the  first-rate  manufacture,  and  very  reasonable  in  price.  THE  MOSS  HALL  COAL  COMPANY  can  now STYLE=superscript  su STYLE=superscript  pp  l STYLE=superscript  y  their  Best  STEAM  COAL  at  the  GARSTO  Docs.  For  terms,  apply  to  OLIVER  HOLDEN,  67,  Old  Hall-street,  POSTING  BILLS,  in  Black  or  Coloured  Ink,  executed  in  the  best  style  on  the  shortest  notice,  by  CHARLES  WILLMER,  at  his  General  Printing  Office,  19,  South  John-street,  Liverpool.  DOUBLE  DE3LY  BILLS  in  Black  Ink,  Bs.  per  hundred..  COALS.  —BEST  HOUSE  C  OALS, STYLE=superscript  First  Quality,  165.,  Second,  145.,  Third,  13s.  per  Ton.  Discount  FIVE  PER  CENT.  for  READY  MONEY.  BY  S.  B.  JACKSON,  44,  DALE-STEET,  and  21,  MOSS-STREET.  MARINE  HOTEL,  NEW  BRIGHTON.—R.  WATSON,  late  of  Manchester,  begs  to  inform  bis  Friends  that  he  has  taken  the  above  Hotel,  formerly  occupied  by  Mr.  John  Stokes,  and  that  the  OPENING'  DINNER  will  take  place  on  Monday,  the  sth  December  next.  Tickets  10s.  6d.,  including  Wine.  Dinner  on  the  able  on  2  o'clock,  p.m.  New  Brighton,  28th  Nov.,  1853.  •  ➢iEDICAL  ADVICE.  DR.  LEWIS,  Author  of  several  Medical  Works,  may  be  consulted  for  the  speedy  and  effectual  cure  of  Nervous  Debility,  Depression  of  Spirits,  Indigestion,  Illusions  of  the  Mind,  Scorbutic,  Skin,  and  other  diseases,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  Attendance  from  ten  till  two,  and  from  four  to  nine.  Sundays  till  two.  Address  44,  Nelson-street,  Great  George's-square.  Private  entrance  to  surgery,  1,  Bailey  -street.  •  IF  there  be  a  noble  sight  under  Heaven  it  is  when  a  number  of  expatriated  patriots  assemble  together  and  unite  in  one  common  protest  against  Despotism  and  Despots—when,  in  the  name  of  Justice,  Humanity,  and  Goy,  they  denounce  regal  oppressors,  and  tell  aloud  of  their  owir  and  their  country's  wrongs.  It  redounds  in  no  small  degree  to  the  honour  of  England,  that,  notwithstanding  all  her  faults,  she  affords  shelter  and  support  to  the  banished  exile—becomes  the  refugium  peccato peccatorum  rum peccatorum  of  the  oppressed—and  metes  out  sympathy  with  a  large  and  generous  hand  to  the  outcast  of  Autocratic  nations.  And  how  honourable  it  is  in  the  proscribed,  in  spite  of  banishment,  penury  and  suffering,  not  to  permit  the  fire  of  patriotism  to  become  extinguished  in  their  bosoms—but  to  cultivate  nationality  and  make  their  country's  grievances  subsidiary  thereunto  Breathes  there  a  mau  with  soul  so  dead,  Who  never  to  hiniself  has  said.  This  is  my  own—my  native  land  The  Anniversary  Meeting  in  commemoration,  of  the  .  Polish  Revolution  of  1830,  took  place  in  London  on  Monday  evening  last.  An  address  was  presented  by  the  Democratic  Committee,  called  forth,  it  would  appear,  from  the  recent  steps  taken  by  Russia  to  encroach  upon  Turkish  liberties  and  rights,  and  openly  violate  established  trea treaties  ties treaties  and  international  law.  The  address,  which  was  read  both  in  Polish  and  French,  stated  that,  When  the  people  of  Poland  were  estab established  lished established  in  the  full  possession  of  their  political  and  national  rights,  then  would  this  anniversary  become  a  grand  national  festival.  It  was  for  the  eldest  and  most  aggrieved  of  victims  . STYLE=superscript  to  call  to  her  sister  nations,  The  hour  of  deliverance  strikes:  There  was  a  manifestation  of  life  in  the  shadow  of  death,  and  side  by  side  with  the  Poles  were  men  who  had  fought  at  the  Hotel  de  Ville,  and  men  who  at  Vienna,  Dresden,  and  Carlsruhe  had  made  kings  doff  their  hats  to  the  people's  royal  will.  There  were  sons  of  free  democratic  Russia  who  had  en entered  tered entered  into  alliance  with  democratic  Poland.;  and  united  also  in  this  fraternal  gathering  of  nations  were  Englishmen  who  believed  in  international  duties  as  well  as  in  national  rights.  The  season  for  mere  words  was  past.  Poland  began  by  laying  down  her  pledge  in  the  revolution  of  1790  and  the  events  which  had  followed.  Poland  was  ready  to  complete  the  work  which  23  years  ago  she  boldly  commenced.  Now  that  war  was  begun,  let  them  beware  of  an  untimely  peace,—let  them  beware  of  the  wounded  wolf,  which  if  ,not  killed  would  kill  And  the  expectation  was  expressed  that  when  Poland  rose  again  she  would  have  but  to  con congratulate  gratulate congratulate  Europe  on  the  final  conquest  for  liberty  for  all.  Nothing  could  be  more  natural  than  to  suppose  that  the  late  proceedings  of  the  AUTOCRAT  of  all  the  would  arouse  every  decaying  ember  of  patriotism  and  humanity  (if  such  existed)  within  the  bosoms  of  those  refugees  who  have  themselves  long  endured,  and  are  positively  now  smarting  from  the  iron  rod  of  kingly  despotism.  And  if,  in  the  warmth  and  fervour  of  their  enthusiasm,  they  gave gavevent  vent gavevent  to  their  over-wrought  feelings,  we  conceive  that  every  excuse  should  be  conceded.  The  Poles  have  been  a  much-aggrieved  and  a  long-enslaved  people.  Their  history,  perhaps,  is  unparalleled  in  the  annals  of  Europe.  And  we  are  not  to  be  sur surprised  prised surprised  that,  at  a  time  when  Hope,  gems  in  darkness,  issuing  began  to  dawn  upon  their  gloomy  spirits,  and  their  minds  became  filled  with  anticipations  of  a  Future  of  freedom  for  their  down downtrodden  trodden downtrodden  country—the  CZAR'S  daring  aggression  upon  the  liberties  of  the  world  should  have  fired  them  to  feelings  of  intense  desperation  and  disap disappointment.  pointment. disappointment.  But  who  will  doubt  that  the  caution  expressed,  to  beware  of  an  untimely  peace,  is  either  ill-timed  or  unseasonable  ?  There  are  times  when  war  becomes  a  necessity—when  it  would  be  both  criminal  and  suicidal  to  succumb,  or  accept  an  armistice,  on  any  terms.  The  bold  and  vaunting  daring  of  that  King  of  Tyrants,  who  claims  god  ship  over  his  crawling  serfs—whose  hypocritical  seeming  hides  the  basest  venality— venalityand  and venalityand  whose  professed  regard  for  the  Orthodox  is  merely  the  pretext  for  insatiable  avarice  and  unbounded  conquest—deserves  a  full  measure  of  retribution.  He  has  already  experienced,  in  the  loss  of  the  bravest  of  his  officers  and  army,  a  portion  of  that  justice  for  which  he  has  so  loudly  and  blasphemously  called.  And  now,  after  being  so  signally  defeated  in  his  first  engagement,  it  would  not  be  for  the  honour  of  the  OTTOMAN  Empire,  nor  for  the  safety  of  Europe,  to  suffer  him  to  regain  strength  to  renew  his  attempt  for  the  subj  uga  ti  on  of  a  long-desired  empire.  The  principal  English  speaker  was  Mr.  LINTON,  a  gentleman  well-known  in  connection  with  the  Polish  Society,  and  of  considerable  popularity.  Although  we  cannot  agree  with  all  the  sentiments  to  which  he  has  given  utterance,  nevertheless  we  must  commend  his  warmth  of  heart  and  good  intentions.  His  large  sympathies  and  love  of  freedom,  strive  in  vain  to  find  an  embodiment  in  words  ;  and  most  likely  he  has  given  utterance  to  a  few  sentiments,  (rather  invidiously  commented  upon  by  the  Times)  from  which  calmer  reflection  and  a  cooler  judgment,  might  have  disposed  him  to  abstain.  He  obserVed,  in  answer  to  the  question  why  an  Englishman  stood  among  refugees  to  advo advocate  cate advocate  the  cause  of  European  freedom  While  there  were  men  in  England  who  held  the  faith  of  MILTON  'and  of  CROMWELL,  England  would  not  be  divorced  from  Europe.  If  England  would  speak  that  one  word  war'  earnestly,  the  hopes  of  free freedom  dom freedom  would  be  sure—war  against  the  CZAR,  against  despotism,  against  wrong.  If  they  were  to  take  RICHARD  COBDEN'S  word  they  would  abandon  their  duly.  With  a  Court  which  was  publicly  kith  and  kin  to  every  rascal  Royalty  in  Europe—with  such  vice-royalties  as  ABERDEEN,  PALMERSTON,  and  Res-  SELL,  petty  intriguers,  who  had  not  the  manliness  to  be  anything  except  the  tools  of  Austria  and  the  CZAR,  it  would  seem  consistent  that  the  whole  land  should  be  cowardly  to  the  core.  It  was  peace peacemongering  mongering peacemongering  shabbiness  of  one  kind  or  other  that  had  made  England  seem  nothing  but  a  nest  of  sorry  vermin.  This  was  not  a  nation  of  dastards.  There  was  an  honest  heart  under  the  worst  coat  of  English  working  men.  He  challenged  contra contradiction  diction contradiction  to  the  statement  that  their  voice  was  una unanimous  nimous unanimous  for  war—for  war  against  the  CZAR  and  for  European  freedom.  Every  patriot  soul  in  England,  he  believed,  was  anxious  for  that  war.  If  our  rulers  durst  ask  the  nation's  will,  the  word  war'  would  be  so  thundered  back  that  the  reverberation  would  shake  them  from  their  Now,  really  every  honest  man  must  admit  that,  notwithstanding  all  the  Times  says  to  the  contrary,  the  language  employed  by  Mr.  LINTON,  in  a  great  measure,  represents  the  mind  and  will  of  this  country.  The  base  truckling,  and  policy  of  Lord  ABERDEEN  has  lengthened  the  cords  and  strengthened  the  of  the  Despot  NICHOLAS  ;  while  it  has  materially  damaged  the  in interests:of  terests:of interests:of  our  acknowledged  ally,  and  entailed  upon  our  own  country  severe  pecuniary  loss  and  con  siderable  commercial  disadvantage.  Had  England  acted  with  promptitude  and  decision  in  the  case  of  the  Eastern  Question,  the  peace  of  Europe  would  not  be  jeopardised—the  CZAR  would  have  re relinquished  linquished relinquished  his  claim  to  the  Principalities—the  prosperity  of  England  would  not  have  deteriorated  —and  suffering  and  down-trodden  peoples  would  have  been  inspired  with  blighter  hopes  and  firmer  courage.  M.  LEDRU  ROLLIN  gives  expression  to  this  feeling  of  despondency  when  lie  addressed  the  assembly.  He  said,  for  the  last  two  years  it  seemed  that  the  course  of  events  in  the  world  had  been  governed  by  4  sort  of  fatality,  and  that  all  human  combinations  had  been  thwarted  by  some  mysterious  hand.  A  short  time  back  there  was  the  grand  spectacle  of  all  the  nations  of  Europe  struggling  to  be  free  ;  but  now,  in  Poland,  Hun Hungary,  gary, Hungary,  Italy,  and  everywhere  else  on  the  Continent,  there  was  nothing  but  the  silence  of  death.  However,  a  question  had  been  unexpectedly  raised  in  the  heart  of  Europe  by  a  man—the  CZAR—who  styled  himself  the  Son  of  God,  in  the  same  manner  as  in  ancient  times  HELIOGABALUS  and  ALEXANDER  the  GREAT  pretended  to  Divine  origin  ;  yet  history  retained  the  recollection  that  the  father  and  the  brother  of  this  NICHOLAS  both  died  mad.  What  was  required  to  restore  to  man  his  strength  and  dignity?  Neither  diplomacy  nor  Congress  could  do  that,  but  only  There  can  be  no  doubt  but  that,  in  the  progress  of  events,  Despotism  must  be  overthrown.  Thrones  will  have  to  be  held  on  a  safer  and  surer  tenure,  or  else  not  held  at  all  The  death-knell  of  Tyranny  has  sounded  ;  and  the  Io  pcean  of  Liberty  ascends  from  the  hearts  of  op oppressed  pressed oppressed  millions  !  We  say  GOD  speed  its  reign?  THE  phenomena  of  political  changes  in  the  social  systems  of  Europe  is  a  great  and  instructive  study.  To-day,  we  see  a  great  nati  on  mov  i  ng  majestically  along  the  great  current  of  time.  The  heart  of  her  people  rejoicing,  and  the  voice  of  her  multitudes  huzzaing  with  delight.  All  is  peace  and  plenty.  All  is  joy  and  hope.  But,  suddenly  comes  a  cloud  from  the  horizon  which  bodes  evil,  and  darkens  the  arena  of  their  revels.  The  states statesman  man statesman  finds,  as  if  by  magic,  that  the  supplies  of  yesterday  were  only  those  which  nature  had  assigned  for  to-day.  That  the  present  must,  in  its  turn,  be  supplied  by  anticipating  the  future.  The  force  of  folly  then  begins  to  move  men's  minds,  and  doubt,  - STYLE=superscript  running  , STYLE=superscript  headlong  into  the  — STYLE=superscript  mazes  of  magnitude,  confusion  follows  error,  and  next  we  see  the  majestic  bark  of  yesterday  laid  upon  her  beam-ends,  and  her  deluded  helmsmen  hoisting  signals  of  distress,  and  calling  aloud  for  help  States,  which  have  based  their  existence  on  systems  directly  opposed  td  the  great  economic  and  physical  conditions  of  creation,  have,  through  all  time,  been  most  remarkable  for  the  rapidity  of  their  progress,  the  extent  of  their  achievements,  the  suddenness  of  their  decay,  and  the  total  extinction  of  their  dominion.  The  great  laws  of  nature  are  immutable,  eternal  !  And  where  we  see  them  violated  or  disregarded,  it  is  but  the  philo philosophy  sophy philosophy  of  nature  to  anticipate  the  result.  Man  is  a  creative—a  productive  being  ;  and  when  he  discharges  the  functions  assigned  to  him  in  the  great  scheme  of  creation,  he  proves  the  wisdom  of  the  CREATOR,  in  the  accomplishment  of  the  mortal's  powers  ;  and  while  he  draws  dignity  to  himself,  he  bestows  immortality  on  his  race.  To  force  man  into  the  fulfilment  of  the  physical  conditions  required  of  him  is  impossible.  Art  has  no  power  where  the  (physical  law  is  predomi predominant,  nant, predominant,  and  yet  we  find  every  nation  surrounded  with  artificial  laws  force  production  and  foster  Art,  hoWever,  is  capable  of  a  variety  of  application.  It  may  be  employed  craftily,  unjustly,  blindly,  and  oppressively,  and  its  applications  in  all  these  different  ways  can  be  traced  at  this  moment.  The  tariffs  of  surrounding  nations  illustrate  the  fact.  Here  we  have  prohibi prohibitions  tions prohibitions  directed  against  one  nation's  industry  under  the  plea  that  it  is  to  force  or  encourage  production  in  another  people  :  forgetful  of  the  axiom  that  the  free  interchange  of  the  productions  of  all  is  re required  quired required  to  sustain  the  whole.  Still  the  crafty  and  the  blind  cling  to  the  idea  that  man's  perfection  lies  in  isolation.  That  the  Laplander  is  better  ofi  without  the  blankets  of  Yorkshire  because  the  cold  of  his  dreary  home  would  make  him  indus industrious,  trious, industrious,  and  compel  him  to  make  his  own  blankets  in  a  region  where  the  wool  is  not  to  be  found.  Again,  the  unjust  and  oppressive  make  it  appear  that  the  prosperity  and  safety  of  a  people  depends  on  the  power  of  its  arms,  and  that,  in  order  to  preserve  the  dignity  and  power  of  the  state,  it  is  necessary  to  have  a  tariff  which  is  to  act  as  an  insurmount insurmountable  able insurmountable  barrier  between  the  people  and  the  materials  on  which  their  industry  might  be  employed  to  the  greatest  advantage.  To  predict  the  fate  that  awaits  all  such  blind  and  unjust  aphorisms  requires  no  great  powers  of  discernMent.  The  moral  and  physical  laws  of  nature  require  that  the  interchange  of  man's  produc productions  tions productions  should  be  as  free  as  the  air  he  breathes.  The  products  of  one  country  is  essential  to  the  industry  of  another.  If  these  be  first  principles,  who  would  give  a  year's  purchase  for  the  continuance  of  the  shallow  tariff  schemes  opposed  to  them  ?  The  genius  of  Europe  is  beginning  to  discover  the  extraordinary  depth  of  the  delusion  under  which  they  have  suffered  the  greatest  industrial  prohibi prohibitions.  tions. prohibitions.  Nor  has  the  dawn  of  light  been  denied  to  our  kinsmen  in  the  western  hemisphere.  The  Danes,  who  once  gave  us  laws,  are  now  following  the  spirit  - STYLE=superscript  of  our  legislation.  The  limits  of  the  bugbear  are  becoming  by  degrees  and  beautifully  The  contest  is  narrowing  itself  daily  into  a  simple  wrangle  between  truth  and  falsehood.  And  what  sane  man  can  doubt  the  issue  ?  Imagine  the  cruelty  of  denying  to  the  French  artificer  the  advantage  of  England's  coal  and  iron.  The  political  condition  of  France  has  long  shown  that  she  was  the  victim  of  some  fearful  disturbing  cause.  And  let  us,  for  the  sake  of  humanity,  trust  that  she  will  now  trample  on,  the  demon  of  her  social  disorders.  If  a  prolific  blossom  be  any  indica indication  tion indication  of  a  fruitful  harvest,  how  encouraging  we  find  the  dawn  of  the  new  era  on  which  she  has  entered.  In  abandoning  political  jealousies,  and  setting  aside  antiquated  crotchets,  she  has  already  given  an  immense  impetus  to  the  trade  of  France.  The  orders  now  in  hand  in  England,  are  sufficiently  large  to  have  caused  an  unprecedented  advance  in  our  metal  and  coal  markets.  This  has  stimulated  the  producers  of  exportable  articles  in  France  to  an  inordinate  degree.  Is  not  this  really  encou encouraging  raging encouraging  industry  and  promoting  production?  The  modification  of  the  American  tariff,  will  be  another  source  from  which  we  shall  be  able  to  draw  advantages  which  can  only  be  measured  by  the  benefits  it  will  bestow  upon  the  States.  Look  ing  to  the  present  magnitude  of  our  trade  with  America,  •we  see  as  a  pre-requisite  to  any  expan expansion,  sion, expansion,  a  positive  and  very  considerable  increase  in  our  shipping.  Our  means  of  transit  to  meet  any  marked  increase  in  our  trade  with  France  and  Denmark,  are  most.  inefficient.  Here  we  find  in increased  creased increased  employment  for  capital  and  labour,  and  indeed,  to  form  anything  like  a  correct  estimate  of  the  reciprocal  benefits  which  must  accrue  to  free freetrade  trade freetrade  countries,  demands  that  we  should  review  all  the  ramifications  of  the  productive  pursuits  of  trade  and  commerce.  The  organisation  of  human  society  is  such,  that  one  portion  of  a  community  cannot  be  affected  without  affecting  the  whole.  In  the  coal  and  iron  markets  of  France,  England  has  but  one  competitor,  Belgium.  The  exceptional  advantages  the  latter  country  enjoyed,  are  now  ex-  .  tended  to  England,  and  although  Belgium  may  suffer  some  loss  by  the  change,  there  is  no  country  in  Europe  that  would  benefit  more  by  adopt adopting  ing adopting  free-trade  than  herself,  and,  if  she  follows  her  favourite  policy,  and  makes  re reprisals,  prisals, reprisals,  she  will  find  the  Scheldt  a  much  more  profitable  stream  then  it  has  been  since  the  colonial  trade  of  Holland  has  disappeared  from  its  waters.  Apart,  however,  from  all  speculation,  there  is  one  consolatory  fact—that  free  trade  has  taken  its  stand  in  continental  Europe,  and  that  where  we  find  the  point  of  the  wedge  introduced,  we  know  pretty  well,  from  our  own  practical  experience,  what  the  finale  will  be.  A  partial  tariff  is  a  monster  injustice.  Taking  the  duty  off  coal  and  iron,  and  continuing  it  on  cotton,  silk,  and  wool,  is  not  a  state  of  things  which  can  be  supposed  to  exist  for  any  great  length  of  time.  It  carries  about  it  the  air  of  its  own  knell  of  departing  day.  In  setting  an  example  so  replete  with  wisdom,  justice,  and  humanity,  on  the  conti continent,  nent, continent,  NAPOLEON  111.  has  done  more  to  immortalise  his  reign  than  any  other  Monarch  who  has  sat  or;  the  throne  of  France.  The  United  States,  in  copy copying  ing copying  our  commercial  policy,  may  pardon  many  of  our  prejudices,  and  thus  the  great  moral  ties  which  ought  to  exist  between  the  parent  and  offspring,  will  become  more  perfect  and  enduring;  and,  as  it  is  with  England  and  the  Danes.  she  lives  to  forgive,  and  she  will  only  forget  when  she  dies.  ANOTHER  FlRE.—Yesterday  morning  about  five  o'clock  a  fire  was  discovered  lon  the  premises  of  Mr.  Allen,  linen linendraper,  draper, linendraper,  Mill-street.  The  fire-brigade  under  the  direction  of  Mr.  Hewitt,  the  superintendent,  with  one  of  the  com company's  pany's company's  powerful  engines  were  quickly  on  the  spot,  and,  in  less  than  an  hour  after  it  was  first  discovered  succeeded  in  extinguishing  the  flames.  The  fire  was  first  discovered  in  the  shop,  on  the  goods  in  which  were  totaly  destroyed.  The  cause  of  the  fire  has  not  been  ascertained.  The  damage  is  more  then  covered  by  the  insurance.  MASTER  BUILDERS  AND  BRICKLAYERS.—The  customary  annual  dinner  of  the  master  builders  and  bricklayers  was  held  last  night,  as  usual,  at  Lawton's  Bee  Hotel,  Queen Queensquare.  square. Queensquare.  About  fifty  gentlemen  sat  down  to  dinner,  at  which  a  Whitley,  Esq.,  presided.  The  Queen,  Prince  Albert,  and  the  usual  loyal  toasts  having  been  given,  the  healths  of  their  president  and  host  were  drank  with  all,  the  honours.  Mr.  Whitley  responded  in  happy  and  appropriate  terms.  The  dinner  was  excellent  in  substance,  and  service  was  sup supplied  plied supplied  by  Lawton,  and  was  creditable  to  his  house  and  hotel.  The  wines  from  his  cellars  were  excellent  ;  and  the  satisfac satisfaction  tion satisfaction  of  the  company  was  manifested  by  the  prolongation  of  their  hilarity  to  a  late  hour.  WALLASEY  COM7ISSIONERS.  Last  evening  the  usual  monthly  meeting  of  the  members  of  the  local  board  of  health,  was  held  at  the  Queen's  Arms  hotel,  Liscard.  W.  PENNY,  Esq.,  presided.  The  commis commissioners  sioners commissioners  present  were  Messrs.  Coulbourn,  Pooley,  Nevill,  Wilson,  Barton,  Lawrence,  Bleamire,  Ball,  Callow,  Odell,  and  Hill.  The  business  of  the  meeting  commenced  by  the  CLERK  reading  the  minutes  of  the  proceedings  of  the  committees  since  the  last  meeting,  from  which  it  appea  re  d  th  a  t  pl  ans  had  been  submitted,  showing  how  the  roads  might  be  preserved  at  an  expense  of  £2B  155.,  which  plan  the  board  was  recommended  to  adopt,  provided  the  coal  proprietors,  who  were  the  parties  interested  would  consent  to  contribute  one  half  of  that  amount.  Mr.  E.  Coulbourn  had  offered  the  grant  of  some  premises,  at  Egremont  for  offices  for  the  local  board  of  health,  and  a  sub-committee  had  been  requested  to  inspect  the  premises,  but  the  sub-committee  reported  that  it  was  not  advisable  that  such  premises  should  be  taken  by  the  board.  The  surveyor  had  submitted  a  plan  and  estimate  of  the  'cost  of  repairing  the  roads  from  the  north  end  of  King-street,  and  thence  to  Mr.  Abbot's  house,  and  it  was  recommended  by  the  board,  that  until  certain  lines  of  the  parish  were  laid  down,  the  sewerage  of  of  the  same  c  ou  ld  no  t  b  e  proper  l  y  cons  t  ruc  t  e  d,  an  d  being  informed  that  that  imight  be  completed,'  in  about  three  months,  they  did  not  consider  it  expedient  to  enforce  the  putting  of  such  roads  into  repair  until  such  sewerage  :could  also  be  effected.  At  the  suggestion  of  the  CHAIRMAN,  a  detailed  report,  in  reference  to  the  question  of  the  repair  of  the  roads,  was  read.  Mr.  CALLOW  moved  the  confirmation  of  the  report  of  the  committee,  which  was  seconded  by  Mr.  COULBORN,  who  gave  the  reason  why  the  committee  had  recommended  the  postponement  of  the  repairs  of  the  road,  which  was,  because  they  thought  it  wou  ld  b  e  ex  p  e  di  en  t  t  o  wa  it  un  til  ie  sewer sewerage  age sewerage  and  road  were  done  together.  Mr.  NEVILL  said,  he  felt  it  his  duty  to  move  an  amendment  to  the  motion  which  had  been  submitted.  He  complained  of  the  committee  having  recommended  the  delay  inthe  repairing  of  the  roads  for  three  weeks,  —the  state  of  those  roads  were  a  perfect  disgrace  to  the  board,  the  surveyor,  and  all  concerned  ;  and  he  charged  the  board  with  not  doing  its  duty,  particularly  when  they  considered  that  the  inhabitants  of  the  locality  had  paid  hundreds  of  pounds  for  the  improvement  of  other  parts'  f  the  district,  yet  not  one  shilling  had  been  expended  for  their  benefit  for  the  last  six  or  seven  years  —no,  not  one  penny  had  been  laid  out  upon  them.  lie  argued  that  a  good  road  could  be  made  in  the  district  to  which  he  alluded,  without  any  sewers,  and  concluded  by  moving,  that  the  surveyor  be  instructed  to  put  those  roads  in  a  proper  state  of  repair.  Mr.  POOLEY  seconded  the  amendment.  After  a  somewhat  lengthy  conversation,  in  which  several  of  the  members  expressed  their  views,  the  amendment  pro proposed  posed proposed  by  Mr.  Nevill  Wa3  negatived  by  a  large  majority,  the  surveyor  having  been  called  in  and  stated  that  it  would  be  much  better  to  have  the  sewers  put  down  when  the  road  was  repaired.  Mr  NEviLL  moved,  that  the  offer  made  by  Mr.  Coulbourn,  of  the  premises  in  Egremont,  for  the  offices  of  the  local  board  of  health,  be  accepted,  which  was  seconded  by  Mr.  HUNT,  but,  on  au  explanation  being  made  by  a  member  of  the  committee,  Mr.  Nevill  withdrew  his  motion,  and  the  proceedings  of  the  committee  were  confirmed,  Mr.  Nevill  being  the  only  dissentient.  By  the  report  from  the  finance  committee,  it  appeared,  that  there  were  £23  7s.  6d.  in  the  hands  of  the  treasurer.  After  a  brief  conversation,  the  committee  were  empowered  to  advertise  for  tenders,  relative  to  the  sewerage,  with  the  understanding,  that  after  certain  information  had  been  obtained  on  the  motion,  a  special  meeting  should  be  convened.  There  was  a  motion  on  the  paper  to  the  That  the  special  committee  appointed  to  consider  the  propriety  of  purchasing  or  leasing,  Seacombe  Ferry,  or  any  of  the  other  ferries  in  the  parish,  be  requested  to  state  the  facts  upon  which  any  report  they  may  make  shall  be  Mr.  NEviLL  said  he  would  withdraw  the  motion  for  the  present.  The  Ferry  Committee  asked  for  authority  to  take  the  opinion  of  the  attorney-general,  in  conjunction  with  the  two  opinions  they  already  had.  Mr.  ODELL  and  Mr.  NEVU.L  protested  against  any  such  proceedings  being  taken.  Mr.  LAIVRENCE  conceived  it  was  perfectly  useless—they  would  have  to  fight  the  point  in  the  Queen's  Bench,  and  they  might  as  well  go  there  at  once.  Mr.  COULBOERN  :  But  what  are  the  committee  to  do  ?  Mr.  NEVILL  :  Report  that  they  can  do  nothing.  .  _  Mr.  COULBOURN  denied  that  the  committee  were  in  such  a  forlorn  condition  as  was  represented  ;  they  wanted  the  opinion  of  the  attorney-general,  and  it  was  the  unanimous  wish  of  the  committee  that  it  should  be  taken.  Some  little  discussion  followed;  but  it  was  apparent  that  the  desired  of  the  majority  of  the  board  was  to  grant  the  committee  their  request.  The  meeting  soon  after  separated.  DEATH  FROM  CHOLERA.—On  Wednesday  morning,  there  was  one  death  from  cholera  in  Lambeth,  London.  in  the  robberies  were  attempt  e  d  l  as  t  n  i  g  ht  at  Hill Hillstreet  street Hillstreet  the  Park,  but  the  cries  of  the  intended  victims  brought  assistance  and  the  perpetrators  were  unsuccessful.  TUB  ROYAL  S  OCIETY.  —The  anniversary  of  this  society  was  held  on  Wednesday,  the  Earl  of  Rosse,  president,  in  the  chair.  His  lordship  delivered  his  annual  address,  after  which  the  Copley  medal  was  presented  to  M.  Dove,  of  Berlin,  for  his  work  on  the  distribution  of  heat  over  the  surface  of  the  earth  ;  and  the  Royal  medal  to  Mr.  Charles  Darwin,  the  eminent  naturalist,  for  his  works  on  natural  history  and  geology.  After  the  meeting  the  fellow  s  an  d  their  friends  dined  together.  WELSH  SALMON  FISHING.—The  salmon  fisheries  this  year  throughout  the  principaliry  have  been  extremely  good,  the  angling,  particularly  in  the  preserved  waters,  being  all  that  could  be  wished  for.  There  has  been  a  large  supply  of  fresh  water  in  the  various  streams,  which  has  tended  much  to  the  run  of  fish.  Great  care  and  attention  are  now  paid  to  the  preservation  of  the  fisheries,  and  the  labour  thus  bestowed  is  amply  repaid  by  the  increased  number  and  size  of  the  fish.  MORE  MISSIONARIES  FOR  CHINA.--.  On  Monday  a  special  meeting  of  the  London  Missionary  Society  was  held  at  Exeter  Hall,  for  the  purpose  of  sending  out  additional  missionaries  to  China,  in  consequence  of  the  openings  supposed  to  be  afforded  by  the  progress  and  religious  character  of  the  insurrection.  Notwithstanding  unfavour unfavourable  able unfavourable  weather,  the  large  room  was  well  filled.  The  chair  was  taken  by  the  Earl  of  Shaftesbury,  who  was  supported  by  Sir  C.  E.  Eardley,  Sir  E.  N.  Buxton,  the  Rev.  C.  Champneys,  the  Rev.  J.  A.  James,  the  Rev.  Dr.  Morison,  the  Rev.  Dr.  Henderson,  and  other  friends  of  the  missionary  cause.  An  address  of  the  committee  was  read,  detailing  the  past  efforts  made  on  behalf  of  China,  and  proposing  that  ten  additional  missionaries  should  be  sent  out,  the  expense  involved  in  the  scheme  being  stated  at  from  three  to  four  thousand  pounds  per  annum.  After  an  opening  address'from  the  chairman,  the  Rev.  Dr.  Leifchild  moved  the  first  resolu resolution,  tion, resolution,  declaring  that  the  meeting  contemplated  with  wonder  and  awe  the  present  operations  of  Providence  in  China,  by  which  the  animating  hope  was  encouraged  that  the  system  of  idolatry,  which,  with  deadly  force,  had  prevailed  for  many  centuries  throughout  that  vast  empire,  was  about  to  be  overthrown,  and  the  millions  of  its  inhabitants,  hithert)  shut  up  in  Pagan  darkness,  to  become  accessible  to  the  ministers  of  Christ  and  the  power  of  the  gospel.  This  resolution  was  seconded  by.  the  Rev.  C.  Champneys,  rector  of  Whitechapel,  and  adopted  unanimously.  The  next  reso resolution  lution resolution  was  moved  by  the  Rev.  J.  A.  James,  seconded  by  Sir  E.  N.  Buxton,  and  supported  by  the  Rev.  Mr.  Aldis.  Other  resolutions  followed,  in  accordance  with  the  object,  and  by  one  of  them  the  scheme  of  the  committee  was  sanctioned  by  the  meeting.  In  the  course  of  the  proceedings  a  list  of  sub subscriptions  scriptions subscriptions  was  read,  including  .  one  of  2001.  and  several  of  1001.  The  proceedings  terminated  with  the  usual  vote  of  thanks  to  the  chairman.  THE  FRIEND  OF  THE  CLERGY.—Yesterday,  a  general  meeting  of  the  supporters  of  this  charity,  founded  in  1849,  for  allowing  permanent  pensions  not  exceeding  £4O  per  annum  to  the  widows  and  unmarried  orphan  daughters  of  clergymen  of  the  established  church,  and  for  affording  temporary  assistance  to  necessitous  clergymen  and  their  families,  was  held  at  the  London  Tavern,  Bishopsgate Bishopsgatestreet,  street, Bishopsgatestreet,  for  the  purpose  of  electing  pensioners  on  the  funds.  From  the  last  annual  report  it  appeared  that  during  the  past  year  the  committee  has  granted  assistance  as  follows  :  To  98  necessitous  clergymen,  £990;  to  55  widows  of  ditto,  £469  Bs.  ;  and  to  59  daughters,  £440:  making  a  total  of  £1,899  Bs,  There  were  then  39  pensioners  on  the  funds,  of  whom  18  received  £3O,  eight  £35,  and  thirteen  £4O  per  annum.  The  committee  had  invested  the  sum  of  £2,000  in  the  phblic  funds  during  the  past  year,  which  raised  the  amount  of  the  society's  investments  to  £4,530  Is.  The  financial  statement  showed  that  the  annual  subscriptions  for  the  year  amounted  to  £1,851  95.,  and  the  donations  and  life  subscriptions  to  £4,600  13s.  Bd.  ;  the  total  receipts,  in including  cluding including  the  previous  balance,  &amp;c,  being  £7,332  ls.  ;  and,  after  all  the  expenditure  had  been  met,  a  balance  of  £649  16s.  sd.  was  Hi  et  n  hand.  After  some  routine  business  had  been  transacted,  the  election  of  10  new  pensioners  was  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  with.  THE  FUNDS,  STOCK  AND.  CLOSI?  SHARE  MARKET,  LONDON  iG  PRICE  Thursday,  December  Ist,  1853.  London  and  N.  W.  .  •  .  .1011  23  London  and  S.  W.  76  8  Mancheqer.  Sheffield,  &amp;  ENGLISH  MARKET.  Consols  Account  }  941  Do.  Money  ...  Bank  Stock  Exchequer  Bills,  L.  ..  i  3  6  rm.  Do  S.  ..  5  Three  and  a  Quarter  per  Lincolnshire  23  4  Midland  Stock  62i  North  British  3l  Do  Preference  Norfolks  .  .  North  Staffordshire  Shrewsbury  and  Birm.  Do.  L.  and  N.  W.  guar.  South  E  and  Dover  6O  1  York,  New.,  and  Her  63i  4i  Do.  Extension  Do.  Preference  York  and  North  Mid  47i  Si  Do.  Preference  .  .  dis  par  FOREIGN  STOCKS.  Mexican  241  Spanish  New  Deferred  431  6  Do.  Passives  2ll  cent.  RAILWAY  SHARES.  Ambergate,  Nottingham,  and  Eastern  Junction)  ..  54  Caledonian  Do.  Preference  Bristol  and  Exeter  East  Anglian  _  Eastern  Counties  l2l  13k  East  Lancashire  Eastern  Union,  A  Do  B.  &amp;  C  Ediubro'  &amp;  Glasgow  6l  3  Great  Northern  B4  5  A.  13.  Great  Western  82i  Lancashire  &amp;  Yorkshire  Do.  Threes  4 STYLE=superscript  Russians  D  0...  LAND  SHARES  Do.  Fifths  -  61  Leeds  Northern  London  Brghton  and  south  Coast  97  8  Agricultural....  North  B.  Australian  Peel  River  South  Australia  CELYTRAL  CRIMINAL  ,COURT,  LONDON.  THE  LATE  ATTEMPT  AT  MURDER.  Phillip  Grinney,  36,  wheelwright,  was  charged  with  felo feloniously  niously feloniously  cutting  and  wounding  Hannah  Grinny,  with  intent  to  murder  her.  In  other  counts  the  prisoner  was  charged  with  the  intent  to  do  grevious  bodily  harm.  •  Mr.  Clarkson  conducted  the  prosecution;  Mr.  Ribton  was  counsel  for  the  prisoner.  The  facts  of  this  case  have  been  given  very  fully  in  the  police  reports  within  the  last  few  days.  It  appeared  from  the  evidence  of  the  prosecutrix,  who  appeared'to  be  still  suffering  very  severely  from  the  effects  of  the  dreadful  inj  cries  inflicted  upon  her  by  the  prisoner,  that  they  had  been  married  for  15  years,  and  that  three  children  were  the  result  of  the  mar marriage.  riage. marriage.  The  prisoner  and  his  family  lived  in  Park-street,  Kennington,  and  it  would  seem  that,  for  some  time  before  the  occurrence  took  place  which  formed  the  subject  of  inquiry  he  had  expressed  feelings  of  jealousy_  towards  his  wife,  for  which,  however,  there  did  not  appear  to  be  the  slightest  foundation,  and  that  he  had  repeatedly  threatened  to  destroy  her.  The  prisoner,  it  appeared,  was  not  only  jealous  of  a  young  man  named  Henry  Lee,  but  also  im imputed  puted imputed  to  his  wife  that  she  was  in  incestuous  intercourse  with  her  own  brother.  At  a  late  hour  on  the  night  of  the  24th  of  October,.  Lee,  who  is  a  drover,  came  to  the  prisoner's  house,  accompanied  by  another  young  man,  and  they  asked  per permission  mission permission  to  be  allowed  to  remain  there  until  the  time  in  the  morning  when  they  would  have  to  go  to  market;  and  the  prisoner  allowed  them  to  do  so  ;  and  they  laid  down  in  their  clothes  in  a  lower  room,  of  the  house,  and  about  four  o'clock  in  the  morning  the  prisoner  got  up  and  let  them  out.  He  then  returned  to  his  bed,  and  the  prosecutrix  was  very  much  alarmed  at  hearing  him  mutter  to  himself  There  is  not  much  chance  She  afterwards  heard  him  say,  is  too  soon  ;  I  must  wait  a  little  The  prose prosecutrix  cutrix prosecutrix  was  so  much  alarmed  at  his  conduct  that  she  got  up  at  six  o'clock  and  went  down  stairs,  intending  to  go  for  as assistance,  sistance, assistance,  and  while  she  was  engaged  i  n  dressing  herself  the  prisoner  came  down  and  asked  if  Henry  and  Thomas,  mean meaning  ing meaning  Lee  and  his  companion,  were  gone.  She  told  him  he  must  be  foolish  to  ask  such  a  question,  as  he  had  let  them  out  himself,  and  the  prisoner  then  said,  We  are  all  alone,  then,  now  The  prosecutrix  then  told  him  there  were  as  many  there  as  were  required—namely,  himself,  herself,  and  the  three  children,  and  the  prisoner  then  went  up-stairs  again.  In  a  short  time  he  returned,  and  she  observed  him  take  something  from  his  trowsers  pocket,  and  then  he  said  he  should  like  to  have  her  brother  there  by  himself.  The  prosecutrix  told  him  that  he  knew  her  brother  would  not  be  alone  with  him  on  account  of  his  having  threatened  his  life,  and  immediately  upon  her  saying  that  he  seized  her  by  the  hair,  and  commenced  a  most  savage  attack  upon  her  with  a  knife,  and  cut  her  throat:  in  three  separate  places.  During  the  attack  the  unhappy  woman  seized  the  blade  of  the  knife  and  forced  it  from  him  and  threw  it  away,  and  he  then  drew  a  second  knife,  and  wounded  her  with  that  also.  While  this  mur murderous  derous murderous  proceeding  was  going  on  the  daughter  of  the  prisoner  ran  down  stairs,  and  was  about  to  call  for  assistance,  when  the  prisoner,  using  a  dreadful  oath,  made  a  d  es  p  era  t  e  th  rus  t  at  her  with  his  knife,  and  it  appeared  that  but  for  her  having  stumbled  at  the  moment  she  must  have  been  stabbed  between  the  shoulders.  The  unhappy  woman  succeeded  in  getting  the  second  knife  from  the  prisoner,  and  he  then,  accordiog  to  her  evidence,  put  his  fingers  into  the  wound  he  had  inflicted  on  her  throat,  and  attempted  to  tear  it  open.  After  this  he  dragged  her  into  a  back  room,  where  he  got  possession  of  a  third  knife,  with  which  he  was  about  to  inflict  further  injury  upon  his  wretched  victim,  when,  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  the  alarm  given  by  [the  daughter,  assistance  arrived,  and  his  wife  was  rescued  from  him.  The  prisoner.  was  taken  into  custody  shortly  afterwards,  and  he  then  told  the  policeman  that  he  hoped  his  wife  would  die,  as  then  he  should  be  hanged,  and  he  should  be  happy.  It  ought  to  be  stated  that  the  prosecutrix  most  positively  denied  that  there  was  any  foundation  for  the  suspicious  entertained  by  the  prisoner,  and  her  brother  and  Lee  were  in  attendance  as  witnesses  to  confirm  her  statement,  but  Mr.  Ribton  exercised  a  very  proper  discretion  in  not  requiring  them  to  be  put  into  the  witness  box.  The  learned  counsel  for  the  prisoner  made  a  very  eloquent  and  able  appeal  to  the  jury  on  behalf  of  the  prisoner,  the  only  struggle  he  made  being  to  save  him  from  being  con convicted  victed convicted  of  the  capital  crime  charged  in  the  first  count  of  the  indictment,  Mr.  Justice  Talfourd  having  summed  up,  the  jury  almost  immediately  returned  a  verdict  of  Guilty  of  woun wounding  ding wounding  with  intent  to  The  learned  judge,  in  directing  sentence  of  death  to  be  recorded,  said  that,  although  the  life  of  the  prisoner  was  forfeited,  and  most  justly  forfeited,  to  the  law,  it  was  not  his  purpose,  so  far  as  his  hu  m  bl  e  power  went,  th  at  t  h  e  capital  sentence  should  be  carried  out,  and  he  should  make  a  representation  to  that  effect  in  the  proper  quarter.  The  jury  had  performed  their  duty,  firmly  and  most  properly,  and  he  was  glad  that  they  had  not  been  induced  by  the  eloquence  of  the  learned  counsel  to  refrain  from  returning  the  only  verdict  which,  it  appeared  to  him,  they  were  justi justified  fied justified  in  giving  upon  the  facts.  There  was  no  doubt  that  in  a  moment  of  brutal  passion,  consequent  upon  a  delusion  as  to  his  wife's  infidelity,  for  which  there  did  not  appear  to  be  the  slightest  foundation,  he  had  committed  a  most  savage  attack  upon  her  and  it  was  a  most  providential  ci  r  cumstance  th  a  t  her  life  had  been  spared.  All  the  facts  would,  however,  be  taken  into  consideration  in  the  proper  quarter,  and  at  pre present  sent present  he  thould  merely  direct  sentence  of  death  to  be  recorded.  Alicia  Avery,  42,  was  indicted  for  cutting  and  wounding  Thomas  Avery,  with  intent  to  do  him  grievous  bodily  harm.  The  parties  in  this  case  were  man  and  wife.  On  the  night  of  the  23rd  of  October  they  had  been  drinking  toge together,  ther, together,  and  returned  home  at  a  late  hour.  A  quarrel  then  took  place,  during  which  the  prisoner  struck  her  husband,  and  the  latter  got  the  finger  of  the  prisoner  into  his  mouth  and  bit  it,  and  upon  this  she  siezed  a  chopper  and  cut  him  on  the  head  with  it,  without,  however,  inflicting  any  very  serious  injury.  She  was  found  guilty  of  unlawfully  wounding.  Sentence  was.postponed."
