text
"EMIGRATION  TO.  AMERICA  GRINNELL'S  LINE  OF  PACKET-SHIPS.  ASHBURTON  Bradlee...  1150  tons—Jan  Constantine.  Illacoducle  2lOOl  New  World,  Knight  l5OO  American  Union,  Caldwell..  1506  1  Ontario,  Wood  (new  shlp)  :1500  London,  Hubbard....  Aurora/hinting  (new  ship)  150,0  FOR  NEW  YORK.  ISAAC  WRIGHT.  Abeel  2000  tons..  Jan  4  UNDERWRITER  ..........  Shipley  2OOO  toes..  Jan  8  Roseius,  Ali  rreh  ew  ...  .....  204  Constellation.  A11en....  ...  .2500  Minnesota,  Allen  Ticonderoga,  Boyle  ........  15110  Wes  tPoint,  Mulliner  2OOO  Beejapore,  51'Lay  2OOO  FOR  BOSTON.  Weekly  duriug  tne  Season.  The  Subscribers  continue  to  dispatch  the  above  celebrated  Packet.  ships,  and  other  first•class  American  ships,  weekly.  The  success  which  has  'hitherto  attended  their  arrangements  for  thecomfortable  transit  of.  emigrants,  givesthem  the  greatestconfldencein  submitting  to  the  inspection  of  the  emigrating  publictheirunrivalled  American  liners,  as  possessingthe  most  eligible  accommodation  to  the  United  States.  in  the  construction  of  these  vessels  the  utmost  attention  has  been  paid  to  the  latest  i  mprovements  in  light,  ventilation,  d  urabi urability,s  lity,s urability,s  ailing  gialities,  and  all  matters  calcuiatedto  promote  the  health,  comfort,  and  contentment  of  passengers.  They  are  commanded  by  men  o  f  undoubted  nautical  skill  and  experience  in  the  trade.  Provi Provisions  sions Provisions  will  be  supplied  to  the  passengers  during  the  voyage  according  to  the  aqt  of  parliament.  Parties  residing  at  a  distance  can  have  bertiisiecnred  by  remitting  a  deposit  of  Jel  for  each  person  going.  Parties'  desirous  of  transmitting  monevtO  then  friends  i  n  America.  Passage  1,  South-s  4..  Robt.  Leitch  )t.  Wm.  Wylie.  pt.  P.  C.  Petrie  CITY  0  RATES  Ote  PASSAGE  FROM  LIVERPOOL  Cabin,  in  two  berth  state-rooms,  Twenty-one  Guineas  each  berth  Cabin,  In  three-berth  state-rooms,  Seventeen  .Guineas  each  berth  Cabin,  in  forward  state-rooms,  Fifteen  Guineas  each  berth—including  'provisions  and  steward's  fee.  All  having  the  same  privileges,  aiA  messing  together.  A  limited  number,  of  pasiengere  will  be  taken  at  Nine  Guineas,  Including  as  much  pr-wisions  as  required;  and  these  passengers  are  hereby  infermed'that  in  order  to  satisfy  the  reOulre reOulrements  ments reOulrements  of  the  Government  Officers,  the  date  filled  into  their  contract  tickets  will  be  in  every  case  the  dare  of  the  day  preceding  the  fixed  'clay  of  sailing.  Tlaese  steamers  carry  Phillip's  Patent  Fire  Ann'.  '  An  experienced  Burgeou  is  attached  to  each  steamer,.  '  Dogs  charged  .41  each.  Freight  .e  5,  per  tong  and  Ugmaaufactured,  Goods,  &amp;c.,  will  be  taken  subject  tdagreemeint,  payable  here  'or  in  Philadelphia,  at  4  &amp;mars  Weents  per  Vatand  Sterling.  '  Apply;  In  Philadelphia,  to  Semi.  Smith,  17,  Walnut-street;  in  New  York,  to  Saml.  Smith,  7,  Broadway;  in  Belfast,  to  Richardson  Brothers  St  Co.;  in  Dublin,.  to  Cornelius  Carleton;  in.  London,  to  Edwards,  Sandford  &amp;  Co,  for  passengers,  and  Plckford  &amp;  Ce.,  for  goods;in  Paris  to  Fred.  Redfern,  8,  Rue  de  la  Palz;  in  Havre  to  W.  Davidson  ;  in  Manchester  to  George  Stonier;  and  in  Liverpool  to  WILLIAM  INMAN,  1  and  13,  Tower-buildings.  LB.  -When  the  arrangements  are  completed,  and  sufficient  goods  offer,  one  of  the  above,  or  other  steam-vessels,  will  nroceed  to  BAL BALTIMORE,  TIMORE, BALTIMORE,  ceiling  at  NORFOLK,  - STYLE=superscript  Virginia..  or  other  ports  on  the  Cbeseaseake  mine  r"
