text
"COMPENSATION.  Two  men,  one  of  whose  names  was  John  Owen,  appeared  before  the  board  to  claim  compensation  for  loss  of  time.  It  appeared  that  the  men  had  been  taken  before  the  magistrates  by  the  master  of  the  house,  on  a  charge  of  introducing  ardent  spirits  there  ;  but  from  the  absence  of  witnesses,  the  evidence  was  not  sufficiently  conclusive  to  justify  the  magis magistrates  trates magistrates  in  committing  them,  they  were  consequently  discharged,  and  they  claimed  compensation  for  loss  of  time.  The  CHAIRIVIAN,  after  expressing  his  surprise,  having  heard  the  case  before  the  magistrates,  that  the  men  should  have  had  the  impudence  to  make  a  claim,  said  the  guardians  were  unanimous  that  the  application  could  not  be  entertained.  TEE  CONTRACTOR  ' STYLE=superscript  S  INSTALMENT  A  letter  was  read  from  the  contractor  for  rebuilding  the  Board  Room,  and  expressing  his  surprise  that  when  on  the  15th  of  October  he  had  requested  the  payment  of  £5OO,  for  work  done,  as  certified  by  the  surveyor,  he  had  only  received  a  eheque  for  £250,  and  requesting  payment  of  the  remainder.  Mr.  LUNT  requested  to  know  of  the  clerk  if  they  had  any  funds.  he  CLERK  :  We  have  not.  Mr.  MACGEE  wished  to  know  the  amount  of  the  contract.  The  CLERK  replied,  altogether  it  would  be  £l6OO  or  £l6OO.  Mr.  HAYES  said  he  would  move  that  the  £250  be  imme immediately  diately immediately  paid  to  the  contractor.  It  is  impossible  for  the  guardians  to  expect  the  work  to  be  done  if  they  did  not  pay  the  money.  By  paying  the  £250  instead  of  the  £5OO,  they  had  broken  the  contract,  and  would  thus  be  prevented  from  obtaining  any  amount  from  the  contractor  provided  ho  did  not  fulfil  the  contract.  The  CLERK  said  any  complaint  came  with  bad  grace  from  the  contractor,  who  had  repeatedly  been  requested  to  get  on  with  the  buildings,  which,  by  the  contract,  had  a  right  to  have  have  completed  by  the  Ist  of  September.  Mr.  LUNY  seconded  the  payment  of  tho  X  250.  At  a  subsequent  period  of  the  meeting  the  contractor  attended,  and  after  making  several  excuses  for  not  having  completed  the  works,  was  requested  to  state  when  he  thought  they  would  be  finished.  To  this  he  apparently  could  give  nc  decisive  answer,  but  he  thought  in  the  course  of  the  present  month.  .  Mr.  SHAW,  requested  to  know,  from  the  contractor,  when  the  back  premises  would  be  finished,  from  the  non-completion  of  which  the  discipline  of  the  house  could  not  be  earned  on,  as  they,  had  heard  from  the  marauding  which  took  place  every  night.  Mr.  ALLrAss  said  if  the  works  were  not  proceeded  with,  he  should  move  the  following  week,  that  the  guardians  complete  the  work  themselves.  The  CHAIRMAN  informed  thQ  contractor,  that  unless  the  works  were  proceeded  with,  the  guardians  would  sue  for  penalties  under  the  contract.  The  £250  was  ordered  to  . STYLE=superscript  be  paid.  A  SOLICITOR'S  BILL.  The  CLERK  read  an  account  from  Mr.  Holden,  requesting  payment  of  £ll  9s.  Bd.,  for  drawing  out  a  bond,  specifica specifications,  tions, specifications,  &amp;c.  Mr.  ALrAss  requested  to  know  from  whom  Mr.  Holden  had  received  instructions.  Mr.  M'GEB  considered  it  was  the  duty  of  the  surveyor  to  prepare  all  such  documents.  It  was  elicited  that  the  order  had  been  given  by  the  clerk,  and  the  amount  was  ordered  to  be  paid,  Mr.  ALPASS  protesting  against  any  such  order  being  given  in  future,  unless  from  the  Board,  as  he  was  very  jealous  of  any  authority—what  little  they  did  possess,  being  taken  away  from  them.  MISCELLANEOUS  A  letter  was  read  from  the  poor-law  commissioners,  in  answer  to  one  sent  from  that  board,  relative  to  the  payment  of  a  bill,  for  work  done  some  years  since.  The  commis commissioners  sioners commissioners  could  see  no  objection  to  the  payment  of  this  bill,  provided  the  guardians  were  satisfied  that  the  bill  had  not  been  paid.  The  amount  was  ordered  to  be  paid.  Another  letter  was  read  from  the  commissioners,  with  regard  to  Mr.  Palgrove's  demand,  which  could  not  be  paid  by  the  board,  unless  Mr.  Palgrove,  as  Mr.  Deane's  solicitor,  or  the  sister  of  the  latter  gentleman,  were  in  a  position  to  give  a  legal  discharge  for  the  payment  of  the  salary  due  to  him.  •  .  .  A  circular  from  the  same  commissioners  recommended  that  the  vaccination  districts  might  be  so  constructed  or  re-arranged,'  that  there  might  be  a  sufficient  number  of  convenient  places.  The  circular  was  referred  to  the  hospital  committee,  as  was  also  a  letter  from  Mr.  Johnson,  containing  several  suggestions  relative  to  his  district.  In  consequence  of  some  breaches  of  discipline  in  the  house,  on  the  part  of  some  of  the  paupers  of  both  sexes,  it  was.  ordered  that  twelve  dozen  new  locks  should  be  provided  for  the  doors,  as  a  substitute  for  those  now  in  use,  the  paupers  being  able  to  open  them.  Several  other  matters  of  minor  importance  having  been  arranged,  the  board  broke  up.  FIRE  LAST  NIGHT.—Last  night  shortly  before  12  o'clock,  a  fire  broke  out  in  the  shop  of  Miss  Levi,  Milliner,  London-road,  near  to  Commutation-row.  The  fire  com commenced  menced commenced  in  the  shop,  and  its  ravages  were  not  arrested  until  a  considerable  portion  of  the  premises  had  been  gutted.  Great  praise  is  due  to  Mr.  Henriff  and  the  Liverpool  Fire  Brigade,  also  to  the  West  of  England,  for  the  assistance  rendered:  the  damage  done  is  very  considerable.  Two  per persons  sons persons  were  asleep  on  the  premises,  but  timely  notice  having  been  given,  they  were  easily  rescued.  THE  WIGAN  RIOTS  AND  THE  LOCAL  AUTHORI AUTHORITIES.—The  TIES.—The AUTHORITIES.—The  Globe  of  last  night,  in  an  article  on  the  Wigan  riots,  and  condemnatory  of  the  police  arrangements  there,  says  :—The  question  for  the  day  has  ceased  to  be  one  of  ten  per  cent.,  or  one  between  master  and  men  ;  and  it  has  be become  come become  entirely  a  matter  of  dispute  between  peace-breakers  and  those  who  are  charged  with  maintaining  the  order  of  society.  Any  inefficiency  in  the  means  to  preserve  the  peace  now  would  not  only  stimulate  the  audacity  of  the  Wigan  rioters  by  impunity,  but  would  suggest  disturbances  elsewhere  ;  it  would  then  be  necessary  to  invoke  a  much  larger  force  for  the  purpose  of  restoring  :order,  with  all  the  consequences  that  follow  upon  an  extensive  intervention  of  military  power.  Amongst  these  consequences  would  neces necessarily  sarily necessarily  be  the  risk  of  considerable  increase  to  the  blood  that  has  has  already  been  shed.  The  local  authorities  at  Wigan  are  convicted  by  the  recent  events  of  not  having  been  suffi sufficiently  ciently sufficiently  watchful  in  taking  steps  to  preserve  order.  They  must  have  known,  or  at  least  they  ought  to  have  watched,  the  premonitory  signs  of  disturbance  ;  and  they  ought  not  only  to  have  been  prepared  with  a  more  efficient  force  for  preserving  the  peace,  but  they  ought  also  to  have  forwarned  those  upon  whose  aid  they  relied.  The  delay  in  despatching  .  the  troops  from  Wigan,  for  which  censure  is  hinted  against  the  military  commanders,  may  perhaps  be  traced  to  that  neglect  of  notice.  At  all  events  the  Wigan  authorities  suffered  their  vigilance  to  lag  behind  the  occa occasion.•  sion.• occasion.•  If  we  advert  to  that  fact,  however,  it  is  not  for  the  sake  of  a  fruitless  censure,  but  for  the  purpose  of  using  the  example  to  stimulate  the  local  authorities  in  other  parts  of  the  same  district.  We  must  have  no  more  surmises,  no  more  discoveries  that  assistance  is  wanted  without  the  oeca oecasioJacing  sioJacing oecasioJacing  expected,"
