text
"THE  AFRICAN  MAILS  •  The  Hope,  African  screw  mail  steamer,  from  ,the  west  coast  of  Africa,  put  in  to STYLE=superscript  Portsmouth, STYLE=superscript  on  Sat Saturday  urday Saturday  evening,  having  broken  down  owing  to  an  accident  to  her  air-pumps.  She  encountered  very  heavy  weather  in  the  Bay  of  Biscay.  Her  dates  are  as  follows  :—Fernando  Po,  Sept.  11;  Lagos,  Sept.  14  ;  Accra,  Sept.  16;  Cape  Coast  Castle,  Sept.  17  ;  Monrovio,  Sept.  22;  Sierra  Leone,  Sept.  27;  Bathurst,  Oct.  1;  Goree,  Oct.  1;  Teneriffe  Oot.  8  ;  Madeira,  Oct.  11.  By  this  arrival  we  have  the  important  in inigence  igence inigence  of  another  war  having  broken  out  at  os  ,  on  the  sth  of  August,  between  King  Akatoi,  I  the  Pretender  KosAlio,  and  that  wirer  some  rmishing  it  was  put  an  end  to  by  Admiral  Bruce.  )n  the  3rd  of  September,  King  Akatoi  died  sud sudaly,  aly, sudaly,  and  his  son  Docemo  was  placed  on  the  one  in  his  stead  the  Liberian  Government  had  received  a  present  of  arms  and  military  accoutrements  from  the  each  Emperor.  Matters  at  Cape  Coast  Castle  were  more  peace•  [e  than  by  last  advises—the  alarm  of  an  Ashantee  rasion  being  at  an  end.  The  cargo  of  the  Hope  comprises  8,000  ounces  dust,  a  large  quantity  of  ivory,  palm  oil,  bees'  ix,  gum,  ginger,  and  other  African  produce.  The  ope  remains  at  Spithead  awaiting  orders.  THE  LOSS  OF  THE  DALHOUSIE,  FURTHER  PARTICULARS.  The.excitement  occasioned  at  Lloyd's,  and  throughout  the  sole  of  the  shipping  and  mercantile  interest,  is  almost  .thout  a  parallel.  The  heavy  gale,  which  had  prevailed  r  several  days,  had  prepared  the  underwriters  for  some  sualties  along  the  coast.  The  morning  preceding  that  Liich  brought  tidings  of  the  fate  of  the  Dalhousie  furnished  telligence  that  some  heavy  losses  had  occurred  in  the  hannel.  Quantities  of  wreck  of  a  teak-built  ship,  with  re  hencoops  and  a  number  of  chests,  bales  of  goods,  and  ars,  had  been  seen  on  Wednesday  morning,  floating  some  ilea  S.E.  of  the  Nab  Light.  This  was  reported  to  Lloyd's  ;ent  at  Portsmouth,  by  the  master  of  the  Byron,  and  later  the  day  another  advice  was  forwarded  by  the  same  agent  the  effect  that  a  large  full-rigged  ship  had  been.  observed  sink  about  19  miles  S.S.E.  of  the  Owers  Light,  but  on  ;count  of  the  heavy  gales  and  sea  no  assistance  could  be  ;ndered.  It  was  known  that  there  were  several  teak-built  lips  in  the  Channel,  laden  with  very  valuable  freights,  and  aving  passengers  on  board,  as  a  natural  consequence,  much  axiety  was  evinced  to  ascertain  the  character  of  the  loss.  Glen  the  report  arrived  that  the  Dalhousie  had  foundered,  pon  which  and  her  cargo,  insurances  to  a  large  amount  had  een  effected  but  a  few  days  previously,  a  general  gloom  revailed.  For  the  satisfaction  of  all  parties  concerned,  and  to  allay  he  public  excitement  as  early  as  possible,  Mr.  Allen,  the  wner  of  the  Dalhousie,  instructed  Mr.  Harrison,  the  notary  f  George-yard,  Lombard-street.  to  at  once  prepare  the  pro proest  est proest  of  the  ship's  loss,  which  was  compiled  from  the  state statement  ment statement  of  the  only  survivor,  Joseph  Reed,  and  appeared  in  ;ur  columns  on  Saturday.  Full  and  lengthy  as  the  report  vas,  however,  it  had  little  effect  in  abating  the  excitement  s  to  the  cause  of  her  foundering,  although  the  presumption  ;ntertained  by  Reed,  that  she  must  either  have  sprung  a  eak,  or  struck  on  a  rock,  was  generally  concurred  in.  The  conduct  of  the  crew  of  the  schooner  against  whom  Reed  makes  DO  acriotio  a  change,  In  bearing  away  from  the  crowning  sufferers,  has  excited  much  indignation,  but  it  is  loped  that  so  gross  an  act  of  inhumanity  as  has  been  repre reprewar•4-dati,  war•4-dati, reprewar•4-dati,  .411  +urn  ollf  Tint  fn  Imo  ovnetlyrorreet.  It  has  been  rumoured  that  there  was  a  greater  number  Df  passengers  on  board  than  has  been  stated,  but  Messrs.  Fry  and  Davison,  the  charterers  of  the  ship,  state  that  the  number  was  as  has  been.  published—viz.,  10  ;  Mr.  and  Mrs:  Underwood  and  three  children,  Mrs.  Simpson  and  three  children,  and  Miss  Radford.  The.  fate  of  Mr.  John  Underwood  and  family,  has  caused  considerable  regret  throughout  the  Manchaster  houses  in  the  city,  where  he  was  well  known.  For  many  years  he  was  in  the  house  of  Messrs.  Brittle  and  Co.,  of  Wood-street,  and  intended  to  settle  in  business  in  Sidney,  taking  out  with  him  a  large  assortment  of  goods.  Messrs  Brittle  also  shipped  180  casks  of  goods  on  board,  which  with  those  of  Mr.  Underwood,  were,  we  understand,  insured  for  10,0001.  The  unfortunate  gentleman  was  about  45  years  of  age,  and  his  children  were  Catherine,l6,  Frederick,  14,  and  Alfred  12.  When  the  ship  rolled  over  he  and  his  wife  and  children  were  dragged  through  the  gallery  window  as  described  in  the  statement  of  Reed,  perishing  almost  immediately  afterwards  by  a  sea  which  swept  them  off  the  wreck.  Miss  Radford  was  from  Essex,  an  acquaintance  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Underwood.  It  was  this  unfortunate  lady  who  was  lashed  by  Reed  to  a  spar,  and  afterwards  sent  adrift,  in  order  that  she  might  have  a  chance  for  her  life.  It  has  been  ascertained  that  Captain  Butterworth  only  took  two  of  his  children  out  with  his  wife,  and  not  three,  and  that,  as  stated,  one  of  the  two  left  with  the  pilot  at  Deal.  Three  children  are  left  to  mourn  the  loss  of  their  parents.  They  resided  in  Manor-terrace,  East  India-road.  Reed,  the  only  survivor,  is  a  young  man  of  22  years  of  age,  and  has  been  but  a  short  time  in  Mr.  Allan's  .service.  He  bears  a  very  excellent  character.  The  po  w  or  fellow  is  suffer suffering  ing suffering  from  the  effects  of  the  exposure.which  He  was  upwards  of  ten  hours  and  a-half  on  the  piece  of  wreck  (the-chock,  a  piece  of  timber  which  supported  the  long  boat  on  deck),  and  was  washed  off  it  at  least  a  dozen  times.  When  dragged  on  board  the  Mitchel  Grove  he  was  nearly  senseless.  The  Trinity-house  authorities  have  sent  out  a  steamer  to  lay  down  a  wreck  buoy  over  the  spot  where  the  Dalhousie  we  nt  down,  she  ha  vin STYLE=superscript  g  sunk STYLE=superscript  right  in  the  track  of  vessels  „—,,..din  e•  up  and  down  Channel.  r  ROYAL  COLLEGE  OF  SURGEONS.  —Amongst  the  members  of  this  institution  who  have  just  been  elected  to  the  Fellow Fellowship  ship Fellowship  arc  the  following  :  viz.  :  Thomas  Howitt,  Lancaster,  April  20th,  1831;  William  Hewitt,  Preston,  April  3rd,  1833  ;  Thomas  Siddeley,  Leigh,  Lancashire,  December  6th,  1820"
