text
"AND  THE  WORIIING  CLASSES  GENERALLY.  THE  LETTERPRESS  PRINTERS  OP  LIVERPOOL  deem  it  incumbent  upon  them  at  the  present  important  period  in  the  history  of  their  profession,  to  address  you,  with  a  Slew  to  secure  your  co-operation  in  endeavouring  to  uphold  the  lights  of  labour.  It  is  to  be  regretted  that  we  have  among  the  Employers  of  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  men  who,  in  dealing  with  those  in  their  employ,  violate  every  Trade  Regulation,  whilst,  on  the  other  hand,  they  profess,  through  the  medium  of  the  newspapers  printed  by  them,  to  be  the  strenuous  upholders  of  tl.e  true  interests  of  he  sons  of  toil.  As  we  judge  ot'  men  by  th  it  actions,  and  not  by  the  utterance  they  may  give  to  cer certain  tain certain  sentiments,  we  respectfully  make  this  appeal  to  our  fellow fellowworkmen,  workmen, fellowworkmen,  and  calf  up  in  them  to  spew  their  utter  contempt  of  such  hypocritica'  cant,  by  ceasing  to  purchase  newspapers  not  found  in  the  subjoined  list.  We  feel  confident  that  by  adopting  the  course  we  recommend,  you  can  afford  es  invaluable  aid,  in  our  endeavours  to  overthrow  that  Power  which  seeks  to  redue,  the  members  of  our  profession  to  the  condition  of  serfs.  Our  hope  it  that  you  will  see  the  propriety  of  cheerfully  acceding  1  to  our  pr  o  p  os  i  t  i  on,  i..asmuch  as  we  do  not  call  upon  you  to  make  any  sacrifice,  neither  debar  yokrfr.,m  purchasing,  at  a  cheap  rate,  the  , STYLE=superscript  news  of  the  day;  for  in  the  list  appended  hereto  ample  room  is  given  for  selection,  the  p•oprielofs'  of  which,  we  have  pleasure  in  stating,  act  up  to  the  Ru!.  , STYLE=superscript  s  that  we  have  adopted  for  our  guidance,  and  are  therefore  worthy  of  your  warmest  support,  which  we  trust  You  will  willingly  give.  We  have  on  former  occasions  called  your  attention  to  the  course  ado STYLE=superscript  pted  by  so  me  T  rade  and  Benefit  Societies,  in  giving  their  work  in  1p  thos  e  's  e  e STYLE=superscript  mployers  who  pa  y  very  l  ow  wages,  or  employ  labourbboy  ex STYLE=superscript  ecution  of  their  work.  We  are  not  ignorant  of  he  favourite  *tatteren.  that  used  by  many  of  the  working  classes  with  regard  to  .  this  a  to.,  the  work  so  done  is  at  a  cheap  rate.  This  we  co  r  n  o  s  o  i  r  d  o  e  f  r  inasrmich  as  inferiority  of  workmanship  is  no  p  ellea  n  „  '  e'd„,,,',,''ess.  But  supposing  such  to  be  thesase,  we  ask  .  you  to  com comb',  b', comb',  haw  many  of  save  a  you  are  causing  to  suffer  ..  an  endeavour  to  save  a  trifling  sum;  and  further,  the  amount  of  you  give  to  those  employers  woo  are  antagonistic  to  our  %dvancement.  Respectfully  calling  your  careful  attention  to  the  foregoing,  We  remain  on  behalf  of  the  Trade,  JOSEPH  ASHTON,  President.  Wtr.trasii  GOODIER,  Vice-President.  \VILLIAM  JONES,  Secretary."
