text
"Messrs.  Longmaid  and  Son,  who  give  for  lead  80  per  cent.  and  for  silver,  14  oz.  5  dwts.  20  grains  to  the  ton.  The  precipitate  of  copper  (they  add)  has  also  been  assayed  by  the  said  firm,  produce  pure  copper,  77,5  per  cent.  ;  specimens  from  the  mine  may  be  seen  at  the  offices  of  Bennett,  Carr,  and  Co.,  2,  Moorgate-street,  London,  and  Harrison  and  Brereton,  6,  Water-street,  Liverpool,  where  further  informa information  tion information  may  be  The  whole  is  wound  up  by  a  report,  August  23,  1852.  purporting  to  come  from  Capt.  Thomas  Richards,  brother  to  Captain  Richards,  manager  of  the  Great  Devon  Con Consols  sols Consols  Mines,  addressed  to  Messrs.  Bennett,  Carr,  and  Co.,  2,  Moorgate-street,  London,  setting  forth  the  probable  hidden  wonders  to  be  found  in  levels  35,  45,  &amp;c.  &amp;c.  In  conclusion  allow  me  to  say  that  at  the  present  depth  I  am  much  pleased  with  the  appearances  of  the  mine  gene generally,  rally, generally,  and  although  so  shallow,  you  may  exprct  good  paying  bunches,  but  when  you  get  below  the  Camel  river,  or  adit  level,  you  will,  in  my  opinion,  have  a  very  extraordinary,  rich,  and  lasting  Well,  deluded  by  the  dividend,  and  these  glowing  promises,  the  Camel  was  swallowed  by  a  long  train  of  unfortunates,  with  what  result  the  following  document  tells  :  62,  Shoreditch,  London,  Ist  October,  1853.  TO  THE  PROPRIETORS  OF  THE  GREAT  ONSLOW  UONSOLI-  DATED  MINES  In  accordance  with  the  resolution  agreed  to  at  a  general  meeting  of  the  shareholders  in  the  above  adventure,  held  at  the  Angel  Hotel,  Dale-street,  Liverpool,  on  the  25th  of  August,  1853,  appointing  the  undersigned  to  be  a  committee,  and  duly  authorising  them  to  investigate  and  report  upon  the  affairs  of  the  above  mine,  and  to  examine  the  accounts  thereof,  your  committee,  having  to  the  best  of  their  ability  endeavoured  to  discharge  the  said  duties,  beg  to  submit  to  the  shareholders  their  report,  as  follows  :  being  necessary  to  obtain  a  competent  professional  opinion  respecting  the  present  state  and  future  prospects  of  the  mine,  your  committee  engaged  the  services  of  Captain  Nicholas  Vivian,  of  the  Condurrow  Copper  and  Tin  Mine,  Camborne,  who  was  most  favorably  recommended  to  them  as  a  gentleman  of  great  experience,  and  thoroughly  compe competent  tent competent  to  form  a  correct  judgment  in  mining  operations,  who,  in  company  with  your  committee,  visited  and  inspected  the  mine  on  the  7th  Captain  Nicholas  Vivian's  report  is  as  follows  :  To  THE  COMMITTEE  GREAT  ONSLOW  CONSOLS  COPPER  Gentlemen,—The  following  is  my  report  of  the  Great  Onslow  Consols,  which  I  have  inspected  at  your  request,  and  as  the  time  allowed  me  is  very  short,  it  will  necessarily  be  brief.  The  lode  bears  nearly  east  and  west,  traversing  a  granite  stratum  underlaying  northerly;  11  feet  fathom  is  wrought  at  the  depth  of  60  fathoms  from  surface  ;  in  the  upper  level  it  is  composed  of  gozen,  which  at  the  30  I  exa examined  mined examined  for  a  considerable  length,  and  think  there  cannot  be  but  one  opinion  as  to  its  being  a  most  promising  gozen,  and  it  is  very  large.  Below  this,  at  the  45  and  60,  the  lode  is  very  wide,  say  10  to  12  feet.  It  is  very  promising  of  spar,  mixed  with  strong  mundic  and  good  yellow  copper  ore.  At  present,  however,  the  former  preponderates  ;  but  at  the  several  points  of  driving  at  the  60—that  is  to  say,  east  and  west  of  the  engine  shaft,  and  east  and  west  of  Bennett's  shaft,  there  seems  to  be  more  copper  ore  and  more  mundic.  This  level  may  be  communicated  in  course  of  6to  8  months.  The  lode  is  exceedingly  hard,  averaging  upwards  of  201.  per  fathom  for  driving,  and  which  is  the  only  objection  I  have  to  offer  to  the  concern  ;  and  there  is  a  hope,  from  the  appearances  in  the  45  west,  that  more  favorable  ground  be  found  in  that  direction  in  extending  the  60.  I  would  suggest  for  rur  consideration  whether  you  should  not  drive  a  deep  edit,  which  at  the  engine  shaft  would  be  10  fathoms  under  the  present  60  fathoms'  level.  There  seems  as  good  a  chance  of  success  in  driving  an  adit  on  course  of  the  lode,  especially  in  taking  the  high  ground  as  at  the  mine,  which  would  be  eventually  unwatered.  it  regards  dividends,  I  think  you  must  persevere  in  hope  for  at  least  two  years  before  you  arrive  on  this  desirable  situation.—Yours,  faithfully,  (Signed)  y STYLE=superscript  NICHOLAS  reference  to  the  examination  of  the  accounts  of  the  Great  Onslow  Consolidated  Copper  Mine,  which  appeared  to  them  to  require  the  services  of  a  professional  gentleman,  G.  C.  Begbie,  Esq.,  10,  Coleman-steet,  London,  who,  with  your  secretary,  was  occupied  for  several  days  in  such  ex examination,  amination, examination,  and  has  presented  the  following  report,  which  your  committee  submit  to  the  shareholders  ;"
