text
"ALLEGED  WHOLESALE  INFANTICIDE.  DrrciurNet,  SUSSEX,  SUNDAY.  —Mr.  F.  H.  Gell,  coroner  for  East  Sussex,  held  an  inquest  a  t  th  e  B  u  ll  I  nn,  Di  tchl  i  ng,  yesterday,  on  five  infant  skeletons,  which  were  discovered  under  the  following  circumstahces  .  A  cottage,  opposite  the  inn,  has  lately  passed  into  new  hands,  and,  by  way  of  fitting  it  for  occupation,  a  new  fire fireplace  place fireplace  was  deemed  necessary.  On  pulling  down  the  old  one,  it  was  found  that  this  was  not  the  first  time  that  the  process  had  been  resorted  to.  Originally  there  was  a  large  old-fashioned,  countryfied  chimney-corner;  but  modern  comfort,  as  it  is  called,  had  been  introduced  into  the  dwelling,  and  the  fireplace  had  been  blocked  up  on  each  side,  leaving  a  chasm  of  about  a  foot  between  the  old  and  the  new  brickwork.  In  these  interstices  were  found  on  Friday  last—three  on  the  left  side  and  two  on  the  right—fib  skeletons  of  evidently  new-born  infants,  who  at  the  time  of  birth  had  been  immured  in  the  place  where  they  were  discovered.  Of  course,  the  discovery  produced  a  great  sensation  in  the  village,  and  the  question  came  the  bodies  there  led  to  replies  which  caused  the  apprehension  of  a  supposed  culprit.  The  occupants  of  the  cottage  for  more  than  fifteen  years  were—one  James  Gatland,  a  labourer,  and  his  daughter,  Harriet  Maynard,  a  woman  of  40,  with  two  illegitimate  children,  a  young  woman  o  f  20  ,  an  d  a  youth  of  17  or  18.  The  woman  was,  during  the  last  year,  married  to  a  labourer,  and  six  weeks  ago  was  again  a  mother.  At  the  inquest  three  women  swore  that  they  had  observed  that  the  woman,  when  living  only  with  her  two  illegitimate  children  and  her  father,  presented  an  appearance  of  pregnancy,  which,  after  existing  for  a  time,  was  no  more  seen,  and  that  the  last  time  this  occurred  was  nearly  three  years  ago.  The  five  infant  bodies  were  scorched,  evidently  by  the  action  of  the  kitchen  fire  through  the  inner  brickwork.  It  was  shown  that  •  each  of  the  corpses  was  wrapped  in  a  piece  of  cotton-print  said  to  resemble  cloth  seen  in  the  possession  of  the  prisoner.  There  was,  however,  no  evi evidence  dence evidence  to  substantiate  a  capital  charge  against  the  woman,  and  she  was  therefore  discharged  ;  but  she  was  immediately  apprehended  by  the  police  of  the  East  Sussex  constabulary  on  a  magistrate's  warrant,  and  is  to  be  examined  before  the  magiotratoo  at  the  Lcwee  bench  on  the  charge  of  concealing  the  birth,  on  Wednesday  morning,  The  exami•  nation  before  Mr.  Gell  on  Saturday,  occupied  four  hours  and  upwards.  THE  ACTON  MURDER.  The  following  is  a  portion  of  the  evidence  given  on  the  inquest  in  the  case  of  the  boy,  aged  fourteen,  recently  found  stripped  naked  and  dead  in  a  ditch  at  Acton,  after  having  disappeared  for  seven  weeks.  The  facts  seem.not  less  hor horrible  rible horrible  than  mysterious.  George  Medhurst,  residing  at  11,  Slade's-place,  Allen Allenstreet,  street, Allenstreet,  Goswell-street,  Clerkenwell,  was  the  first  witness  called.  He  is  a  horsehair  curler  by  trade,  and  identified  the  body  as  that  of  his  son.  He  recognised  him  by  his  features,  and  also  by  a  slight  scar  on  the  left  side  of  the  neck,  caused  by  a  burn,  from  the  time  when  h  e  was  a  c  hild  .  His  name  was  Richard,  his  age  14,  and  witness  last  saw  him  alive  that  day  eight  weeks,  at  5  minutes  past  7  in  the  evening  in  Old-street,  St.  Luke's.  They  worked  together  at  Mrs.  Thurtell's,  and  parted  outside  the  door.  ,Witness  sent  the  boy  home  to  his  mother,  and,  on  returning  himself,  asked,  Dick  had  been  home  to  which  the  boy's  mother  replied,  His  son  wore  a  dark  gray  tweed  coat,  short  cut,  with  pockets,  and  moleskin  trousers,  dark  in  colour,  with  a  plaid  pattern.  His  waiscoat  was  a  dark  silk  one,  with  white  spots.  His  clothes  were  not  very  good.  He  had  lace-boats  on,  which  very  nearly  new,  and  a  black  cloth  cap  with  a  peak  and  braid  round  the  top.  He  wore  a  plaid  neckerchief  round  his  neck,  and  was  in  good  health  when  he  left  home.  Is  the  body  different  now  ?  Witness  (sobbing  aloud).—Yes.  I  don't  think  he  had  a  bit  of  food  after  he  left  me.  Though  rather  a  delicate  boy  naturally,  he  always  had  a  good  appetite,  and  I  never  stinted  him.  He  once  had  an  abscess  on  the  right  knee,  but  it  healed  up,  and  he  had  no  other  wound  or  sore  about  him.  He  was  a  very  good  boy,  and  never  stayed  out  at  night.  The  evening  he  was  taken  away,  he  and  his  cousin  proposed  going  to  see  the  penny  Rotunda  at  Blackfriars.  Next  morn morning,  ing, morning,  after  going  to  the  station-house  to  make  inquiries  there,  I  went  to  my  brother's  to  ascertain  if  his  son  had  been  with  him.  I  could,  however,  get  no  tidings  of  him  there.  I  gave  a  description  of  him  at  the  police-station,  and  I  made  every  other  inquiry  I  could,  but  the  boy  was  not  advertised.  He  mt  that  et  o  a  n  Thursday  night  last,  afbroomut  had  never  run  away  from  me  or  been  a  w  ay  b  e  f  ore  .  Green,  a  policeman,  B  l2  ag  o  n  ,  e  i  l  g  o  g  e  we STYLE=superscript  a  li STYLE=superscript  nd  s, STYLE=superscript  toldcamem  t  o  e  been  found.  Green  took  me  first  by  mistake  to  Hackney,  but  at  half-past  four  o'clock  we  ascertained  it  was  at  Acton.  When  I  left  my  son  on  the  Monday  night  he  was  with  George  Jack Jackson,  son, Jackson,  a  boy  who  worked  with  him,  and  lived  near.  After  being  to  my  brother's  I  went  to  George  and  asked  him  where  he  had  left  Dick.  He  said,  Is  he  not  come  home  yet  and  I  said  George  then  told  me  that  he  went  away  with  a  big  man  in  a  moleskin  or  fustian  coat,  who  had  a  little  green  cart  with  a  black  pony  in  it.  The  man  wore  a  hat,  and  had  a  full  face.  He  said  to  them,  Will  you  boys  come  and  ride  with  me  ?  I  am  going  a  little  way  down  the  road,  and  will  give  you  a  few  halfpence  to  mind  the  Jackson  has  since  always  persisted  in  the  same  story.  I  went  back  to  the  station  and  told  the  magistrate  what  I  had  thus  learned.  I  have  no  suspicion  whatever  as  to  how  the  boy  was  done  away  with.  He  had  at  the  time  3d.  in  his  pocket,  and  a  little  l  •  h  ba  (The  witness  was  much  distressed  in  th  e  .  at  g.  and  during  the  :proceedings  his  grief  at  intervals  ls  evidence.  vals  broke  out  afresh.)  George  Jackson,  a  sharp-looking  boy,  not  quite  11  years  of  age,  and  living  with  his  father,  a  labourer,  at  30,  Station-  I  street,  said—l  have  seen  the  body,  and  recognise  it  as  that  of  Richard  Medhurst.  I  know  it  by  the  mouth.  We  worked  together  at  Mrs.  Thurtell's.  The  last  time  I  saw  him  alive  was  eight  weeks  ago  to-day,  in  Old-  s  t  ree  t,  on  a  Monday  night  at  half-p  as  t  7  o'clock.  We  were  standing  at  a  gate  for  a  certain  purpose,  not  far  from  a  green  chaise  with  a  black  pony  it,  when  the  man  to  whom  it  belonged,  and  who  wore  a  white  fustian  coat,  came  up  and  said  to  me,  boy,  come  along  with  me  and  hold  my  horse  I  said,  but  Dick  said,  Don't  take  him—take  They  went  down  to  the  chaise,  which  was  standing  opposite  a  coffee-house,  and  the  man  gave  another  boy  who  was  standing  at  the  pony's  head  a  penny,  telling  him  he  would  be  in  the  same  place  next  day.  Dick  then  said,  Shall  I  get  and  he  answered  and  they  drove  together  quickly  down  towards  Shoreditch.  Thomas  Francis,  surgeon,  at  Acton,  said,—l  first  saw  the  body  of  the  deceased  lad  on  Monday  morning  last,  at  this  house.  I  found  it  in  a  very  dirty  state,  covered  with  a  quan quantity  tity quantity  of  matter,  which  at  first  appeared  to  be  fcecal  matter,  but  which  afterwards  seemed  more  like  an  ointment  or  application  which  had  been  poured  over  the  body  or  ap applied  plied applied  to  certain  parts  of  it.  Mr.  Wakley  :  Did  you  ascertain  what  it  really  was  ?  Witness  :  No,  I  did  not,  but  on  the  lower  part  of  the  body  it  looked  more  like  fee  cal  matter  than  above,  and  the  post  mortem  appearances  indicated  severe  purging.  There  were  a  great  many  scabs  over  the  body,  and  an  abrasion  over  the  bridge  of  the  nose,  as  though  from  a  recent  injury.  The  right  eye  was  black,  and  on  separating  the  lids  there  was  a  bloodshot  appearance.  I  found  on  the  right  side  of  the  chest  five  scratches,  as  though  made  by  some  pronged  instrument,  they  being  at  equal  distances  from  each  other.  On  the  left  side  of  the  chest  there  was  a  small  opening  through  the  skin,  and  which  penetrated  to  the  out  er  muscles,  but  not  between  the  ribs.  I  found  pus  at  the  bottom  of  the  sinus.  There  was  also  a  fistulous  opening  on  the  left  groin.  The  prong-like  scratches  on  the  right  side  were  scabbed  over.  They  were  at  a  distance  of  nearly  half  an  inch  apart,  1-16th  of  an  inch  in  breadth,  and  the  centre  one  was  shorter  than  the  rest.  There  are  two  other  scratches  of  the  same  character,  and  about  the  same  length,  a  little  nearer  the  centre  of  the  chest.  The  abscess  in  the  groin  had  two  openings,  one  a  smaller  one,  leading  to  the  larger,  and  the  whole  about  an  inch  in  length.  •  There  appeared,  when  I  first  saw  the  body,  to  be  marks  on  the  wrists  and  ankles,  as  though  from  co  r  d  s  ,  th  e  s  ki  n  b  e  i  ng  _pitted  there  ;  but  cannot  discover  any  now.  On  the  sacrum  there  was  a  sore,  as  though  from  lying,  the  skin  being  broken  there  ;  and  another  higher  up,  apparently  from  the  same  cause.  There  was  also  a  redness  of  the  skin  on  the  other  prominent  parts  of  the  back  and  sides.  The  right  orbit  exhibited  no  fracture,  and  all  the  bones  of  the  head  seemed  entire.  I  found  the  left  lung,  on  opening  the  chest,  most  extensively  diseased,  with  a  large  tubercular  cavity,  occupying  nearly  the  whole  of  it,  containing  pus  and  serum  The  ulceration  had  destroyed  the  pulmonary  pleura.  Mr.  VVakley  :  Might  the  appearances  you  found  be  produced  byill-usage  and  starvation  ?  Witness  :  I  think  not  entirely.  I  think  there  must  have  been  disease  before,  for  it  is  not  probable  that  there  could  have  been  such  an  amount  of  disease  in  two  months.  Mr.  Wakley  :  But  the  person  who  could  have  acted  so  hor horrible  rible horrible  a  part  as  to  throw  the  body,  like  that  of  a  dog,  without  any  covering  upon  it,  into  an  open  ditch,  could  have  acted  an  equally  brutal  part  towards  the  boy  when  he  was  alive.  Everything  seems  to  denote  that  in  this  case  as  foul  and  barbarous  a  mut mutder  der mutder  has  been  committed  as  ever  was  perpetrated.  Witness  :  I  think  there  can  be  no  doubt  from  the  evidence  that  death  was  accelerated  by  oruel  usage,  but  I  have  nothing  to  do  with  that.  Mr.  Wakley,  addressing  the  jury  :--There  are  strong  reasons  to  believe  that  this  poor  boy  has  been  horribly  and  foully  mur murdered,  dered, murdered,  and  if  it  is  a  murder  there  has  been  cruelty  enough  in  it  for  twenty.  If  the  jury  agrees  with  me  in  that  opinion,  I  will  make  an  application  to  the  Secretary  of  State  for  the  Home  Department,  who  I  hope  will  offer  a  reward  for  the  discovery  of  the  man  who  took  the  boy  away.  `The  inferenco  from  the  evidence,  as  it  at  present  stands  is,  that  when  taken  away,  he  was  confined  in  some  loathsome  place,  starved  till  disease  was  brought  on,  and  killed  in  that  way,  if  not  by  direct  violence.  It  is  a  case  bearing  signs  of  such  deliberate  and  cold-blooded  cruelty,  that  every  possible  means  should  be  adopted  to  bring  the  guilty  parties  to  justice.  The  jury  unanimously  expressed  their  convi-tion  that  a  foul  murder  had  been  committed,  and  thereupon  the  inquest  was  adjourned  till  Monday,  the  9th  day  of  January,  at  1  I  o'clock.  CLOAKS,  PONCHOS,  SACS,  AND  PALETOTS,  of  superior  Cut  and  Workmanship,  at  Wm.  EARP  and  CO.'S,  59  and  61,  LORD  STREET.  The  holly  was  sacred  to  Saturn,  whose  feast  was  held  in  December.  /  :The  mistletoe  was  sacred  to  Freya,  the  northern  Venus,  and  hence,  doubtless,  the  custom  of  kissing  under  the  mistletoe  I"
