text
"ABOLITION  OF  CAPITAL  PUNISHMENT  On  Tuesday  evening,  a  crowded  and  respectable  meet meeting  ing meeting  was  held  in  the  Athenaeum,  Manchester,  to  hear  an  address  from  Mr.  A.  H.  Dymond,  the  secretary  of  the  Society  for  the  Abolition  of  Capital  Punishments,  and  to  adopt  resolutions  in  support  of  the  society's  efforts.  Mr.  Massey  occupied  the  chair.  The  Chairman  read  letters  of  apology  from  Mr.  James  Heywood,  M.P.,  regretting  that  in  consequence  of  a  pre previous  vious previous  engagement  he  could  not  he  present,  and  stating  that  his  votes  in  the  House  of  Commons  were  uniformly  given  in  favour  of  the  abolition  of  the  punishment  of  death  ;  from  Mr.  George  Hadfield,  M.P.,  who  said  he  could  not  accept  the  invitation  to  attend,  as  he  had  to  be  in  London;  and  from  a  gentleman  on  behalf  of  Mr.  J.  Cheetham,  M.P.  The  chairman  concluded  by  calling  on  Mr.  Robert  Rumney  to  move  the  first  resolution,  which  he  did  as  follows  That  this  meeting,  being  convinced  that  capital  punishments  are  opposed  to  sound  policy,  and  injurious  to  public  morality,  pledges  itself  to  use  every  means  to  effect  their  abolition.'  , STYLE=superscript  In  moving  this  resolution  Mr.  Rumney  argued  that  public  executions  had  a  demoralising  effect  on  that  class  of  society  from  which,  for  the  most  part,  criminals  sprung,  and  concluded  by  saying,  that  if  a  proper  agitation  were  got  up,  they  would  see  an  end  put  to  the  present  system,  which  would  be  all  the  better  for  public  morality  and  for  criminals  them themselves.  selves. themselves.  Mr.  P.  B.  Allen  seconded  the  resolution.  Mr.  Dymond  then  came  forward  to  support  the  resolu resolution.  tion. resolution.  He  addressed  himself,  in  the  first  place,  to  those  who  hold  that  punishments,  and  especially  capital  pun punishments,  ishments, punishments,  are  enjoined,  are  arbitrarily  enjoined,  by  the  Gospel  and  the  Old  Testament,  and  who  contend  that  the  words  of  God  have  laid  upon  us  a  certain  duty,  which,  nolens  volens,  we  ought  to  carry  out.  They  had  only  to  revert  to  the  history  of  our  own  land,  and  more  especially  of  Scotland,  150  years  ago,  and  they  would  find  that  the  text  I  suffer  not  the  witch  to  was  used  as  a  justification  for  burning  and  torturing  miserable  old  women  by  so  eminent  a  man  as  Sir  Matthew  Hale.  The  9th  chapter  and  6th  verse  of  Whoso  sheddeth  man's  blood,  by  man  shall  his  blood  be  shed  the  one  relied  on  for  capital  punishments  ;  but  the  correct correctness  ness correctness  of  this  rendering  of  the  passage  had  been  again  and  again  called  in  question.  Many  of  the  most  ancient  ver versions  sions versions  did  not  contain  the  words  In  the  Septua Septuagint,  gint, Septuagint,  that  version  which  our  Lord  himself  read,  those  words  did  not  occur  ;  and,  if  they  came  to  later  times,  they  would  not  find  it  in  Wycliffo's  version.  A  writer  in  the  Eclectic  Review  called  to  mind  that  the  words  did  not  appear  in  any  version  until  the  fifth  century.  There  was  this  peculiarity  in  that  particular  verse,  that,  whilst  the  verses  which  pre precede  cede precede  it,  and  succeed  it,  are  in  the  first  person,  this  passage  was  in  the  third  person.  The  Rev.  Mr.  Eaton  and  the  Rev.  Henry  Christmas,  clergymen  of  the  Church  of  England,  had  declared  this  passage  to  be  nothing  more,  at  the  most,  than  a  prophetic  denunciation  against  the  shedding  of  blood,  whilst  the  former  said  he  believed  it  to  be  nothing  mote  than  an  inspired  commentary  of  Moses.  refore  the  Mosaic  dispensation  there  was  the  Adamic  dispensation,  and  under  it  Cain  was  not  punished  with  death.  The  Mosaic  dispensa dispensation  tion dispensation  was  purely  one  of  atonement,  and  was  typioal  of  the  new  law.  If  they  came  to  the  earlier  ages  of  the  church,  they  would  find  that  Christian  prefects  resigned  their  offices  rather  than  be  concerned  in  putting  a  fellow-creature  to  death.  In  the  third  or  fourth  century,  they  found  a  Christian  bishop,  St.  Austin,  he  believed,  condemning  the  practice.  Some  of  his  presbyters  had  been  treacherously  murdered  by  persons  who  differed  from  them  in  religious  belief.  This  was  an  offence  of  a  grave  character,  not  only  as  a  political  Grime,  but  as  one  against  the  church.  They  might  sup suppose  pose suppose  that  St.  Austin,  if  he  revered  that  text,  would  have  claimed  that  the  murderers  should  be  put  to  death,  but  what  were  his  words  to  the  judge  ?  These  I  know  that  the  state  has  power  in  these  things.  I  know  the  magistrate  is  not  to  bear  the  sword  in  vain  ;  but  I,  that  am  a  Christian,  beseech  you,  the  judge,  and  I  that  am  a  bishop  command  you,  the  Christian,  not  that  these  men  should  be  put  to  death,  but  that  the  fame  of  the  church,  and  the  character  of  Christianity,  should  not  be  stained  by  the  sacrifice  of  these  men's  It  was  a  practical  question  for  the  people  of  Liverpool,  who  had  the  awful  abomination  of  public  executions  inflicted  on  them.  The  lecturer,  at  considerable  length,  then  proceeded  to  deal  with  the  question  in  its  various  aspects  as  a  measure  of  retributive  justice,  and  as  a  deterrent  to,  crime.  A  gentleinan  at  the  end  of  the  room,  whose  name  did  not  transpire,  spoke  in  favour  of  having  executions  in  private.  He  contended  that  all  the  demoralising  influences  proceeded  from  gratifying  the  morbid  desire  of  the  criminal  for  popu popularity,  larity, popularity,  Another  gentleman  said  that  they  had  heard  of  such  things  as  judicial  murders,  and  they  would  be  as  much  judi judicial  cial judicial  murders  in  private  as  in  public.  The  man  hanged  was  as  much  murdered  as  his  victim,  (No,  no  ;  that's  all  fudge.)  Yes  :  the  witnesses  who  gave  evidence,  the  jurors  who  gave  the  verdict,  the  judge  who  pronounced,  and  Jack  Ketch  who  put  the  rope  round  Lie  neck  of  the  criminal,  were  all  guilty  of  murder.  (No,  no  ;  and  hissv.)  M.  Petzler  said  that  as  regarded  Russia,  capital  punish punishments  ments punishments  were  introduced  by  the  late  Emperor  Nicholas,  and  that  all  despotic  governments  were  in  favour  of  capital  punishments.  ➢tr.  Ambrose  spoke  at  some  length  to  show  that  it  was  our  duty  to  imitate  the  Almighty  as  much  as  we  could,  and  that  when  he  did  not  hesitate  to  indict  the  most  awful  of  all  punishments,  we  were  justified  in  inflicting,  where  necessary,  the  punishment  of  death.  Mr.  Dymond  briefly  replied,  after  which  the  resolution  was  put,  and  declared  to  be  all  but  unanimously  carried.  Air.  Alderman  Harvey  moved  a  resolution  in  favour  of  a  petition  to  parliament,  from  Manchester,  in  favour  of  the  abolition  of  capital  punishment.  Mr.  Councillor  tildes  seconded  the  motion,  which  was  supported  by,  Mr.  Thomas  Wright,  the  prison  philanthropist.  He  said  he  would  abolish  capital  punishment  for  all  who  commitred  murders  through  passion  or  jealousy,  but  not  for  those  who  committed  murders  for  plunder.  The  resolution  wns  unanimously  carried.  Votes  of  thanks  to  the  lecturer  and  chairman  were  passed,  and  the  proceedings  terminated.  A  private  of  the  17th  Lancers,  named  George  'Tickling,  cut  nis  throat  at  the  cavalry  barracks,  Preston.  Some  love  affair  was  the  cause.  Orders  have  been  receive  at  Pembroke-yard  from  the  Admiralty  to  prepare  a  set  of  drawings  of  the  Victor  Emmanuel  (late  Brunswick)  for  his  Majesty  the  King  of  Sardinia.  THE  CONVICT  BANIEERS.—It  is  said  that  Sir  John  Dean  Paul  and  Mr.  Strahan,  the  convict  bankers,  are  busily  employed  in  prison,  the  former  tailoring,  and  the  latter  at  c  hairmaking.  A  sergeant  of  the  46th  regiment,  says  the  Journal  de  Constantinople,  who  had  been  engaged  in  a  skirmish  with  the  Russians  on  the  night  of  the  27th  ult.,  found  a  sum  of  about  12,0001  on  the  body  of  a  Russian  officer.  He  sent  this  money  to  the  marshal,  in  order  that  it  might  be  restored  to  the  family  of  the  deceased.  FINANCES  OF  VICTORIA.—The  revenue  returns  of  Vic Victoria  toria Victoria  for  the  year  ending  Sept.  30  have  been  published.  It  appears  that  the  total  receipts  from  all  sources  were  3,384,9071.  Deducting  from  this  one-half  the  land  fund,  say  470,0001,  there  would  remain  2,914,0001  available  for  the  ordinary  expenditure  of  1855  For  the  year  1854  the  amount  was  only  2,640,000/.  QUEER  DEcx.itom.—At  Castle  Eden,  the  other  day,  in  an  assault  case,  the  Rev.  Mr.  Park,  in  announcing  the  decision  (2f  the  bench,  addressed  the  defendant  in  the  fol following  lowing following  manner:—As  the  assault  is  not  proved  we  will  dismiss  the  case  on  your  paying  the  costs,  but  if  you  refuse  to  do  so,  then  we  shall  fine  :you  for  the  assault  !  Darlington  and  Stockton  Times.  HOW  IS  THE  PROVOST'S  HOUSE  TO  BE  KNOWN  ?  The  Edinburgh  Town  Council,  at  their  last  meeting,  resolved,  that  in  all  time  coming,  an  ornamental  lamp  should  be  placed  at  the  entrance  of  the  house  of  the  chief  magistrate,  and  that  such  lamp  was  to  remain  there  only  so  long  as  he  was  provost,  and  that,  whenever  he  laid  down  the  reins  of  office  his  light  was  to  be  put  out,  and  the  lamp  removed  to  the  house  of  his  successor.  ARMY  SURGEON'S  PAY.—A  warrant  has  been  issued  from  the  Director-General's  office,  directing  that  the  pay  of  all  acting  assistant  surgeons  be  raised  from  lOs  a  day  to  lls  6d;  and  that  the  401  granted  by  a  former  war warrant  rant warrant  to  such  officers  at  the  expiration  of  two  years  be  cancelled.  Also,  that  they  will  be  entitled  to  receive  the  additional  pay  if  they  do  not  pass  a  portion  of  such  period  on  foreign  service,  as  defined  in  the  first  warrant.  VENERABLE  JESTER.—On  the  3rd,  died  at  Constantino Constantinople  ple Constantinople  a  certain  mussahib  (Imperial  buffoon),  named  Said  Efendi,  at  ,  the  age  of  121  years  and  7  months.  He  had  served  four  Sultans  as  jester,  and  notwithstanding  his  advanced  age,  the  venerable  old  gentleman  was  often  called  up  by  the  present  Sovereign,  and  ordered  to  say  witty  things  and  to  perform  antics,  which  latter  he  gene generally  rally generally  did  with  remarkable  agility.  A  WOMAN  or  MAnK.—We  have  seen  assign'd,  recently,  several  reasons  why,  when  persons  could  write,  they  never nevertheless  theless nevertheless  their  Here  is  another,  which  is  appropriately  given  in  the  Ladies'  Own  Journal  :—Upon  the  conclusion  of  a  marriage  in  a  village STYLE=superscript  church,  the  bridegroom  signed  the  register  with  his  mark.'  The  pretty  young  bride  did  the  same;  and  then,  turning  to  a  lady  who  had  known  her  as  the  best  scholar  in  the  school,  whispered  to  her,  while  tears  of  honest  love  and  admira admiration  tion admiration  stood  in  her  bright  eyes,  &#34;He's  a  dear  fellow,  Miss,  but  cannot  write  yet.  He  s  going  to  learn  of  me,  and  I  would  not  shame  him  for  the  world.'  THE  LATE  SIR  W.  MoLtswouTri.  Lady  Moleswortb,  replying  to  an  address  of  condolence  from  the  tenantry  of  the  late  Sir  William,  observes,  Be  assured  that  if  any anything  thing anything  can  alleviate  the  affliction  of  a  bereaved  wife,  it  will  be  found  in  such  a  tribute  to  the  memory  of  her  hus husband.  band. husband.  My  feeble  pen  can  but  inadequately  express  all  I  feel—all  that  is  due  to  him  who  is  taken  from  us.  But  another,  who  from  his  great  talents  and  noble  nature,  is  no  mean  judge,  ha  s  borne  testimony  to  his  sterling  worth;  Lord  Palmerston,  in  the  letter  he  addressed  to  me  on  th  e  occasion  of  the  sad  blow  befalling  me,  madei  use  of  the  following  words  Fez  singleness  .of  mind,  honesty  o  f  purpose,  clearness  of  judgment,  faithfulness  of  condu  c  t,  courage  in  difficulties,  and  equanimity  in  success,  he  never  was  surpassed  ;  and  deeply  must  any  nation  lament  th  e  p  rema  ture  loss  of  such  a  man  ;  for:  voids  so  created  are  not  easily  replaced.  Such  words  from  such  a  man  prove  how  justly  the  kind  friends  I  address  have  formed  their"
