text
"Westeni  business  consists  of  GOt  PROVISION  16.,  and  130  bi  s.  do.  prime  at  $l2  874  to  13,  chiefly  the  aside,  rates  per  bbl.  Cut  Meats  arc  valuable  and  firm.  Lard  attracts  increased  attention.  The  sales  of  the  day  embrace  500  bbls.  good  to  prime  at  11c  to  and  200  bbls.  inferior  hem  The  transact  ,0  to  66  for  city  do.  ;  $6  75  to  $7  25  I  $l2  to.  12  621,  for  city  do.  Beef  se  continue  as,  previously  reported.  '  engagements  were  light,  but  ates  were  firmer  For  Wheat  10d  to  101  d  was  demanded,  Lnd  2s  9d  for  Flour.  1,000  bbls.  Resin  were  engaged  at  12d.  To  Havre,  rates  were  unchanged.  A  vessel  was  engaged  to  load  with  Wheat  at  20e.  and  Flour  at  75e.,  for  Cowes  and  a  market.  To  California,  rates  were  steady  at  40c.  to  60c.  270  bbl  for  country  prim  hams,  b'uttCr  FILErGHT:  for  Liverpoo.  Receipts—  ILBANY,  Saturday,  September  24.  20,000  ;  Corn,  3,000  ;  500  ;  FloUr  steady,  but  not  Wheat,  .firm,  with  good  milling  Is  Genesee  at  1  dol.  45i.  Corn  ,000  bushels  at  86c.  to  81c.  for  two twofor  for twofor  four-rowed.  •  Oats  are  steady.  Sales  at  47c.  Prison  Whiskey  273  c.  Wheat  Oats,  4,009  ;  Barley,  Sales  2,000  bbls  inquir  y  Sales  5,000  1  a  fair  requ(  rowed  and  84(  13,000  bushels  Corro:  PROVIDENCE,  S'aturday,  Sept.  24.  Wooluncommonly  dull  for  the  season  Sales  for  the  week  4,500  lbs  clothes  has  I  the  markets  for  printin  cry  active,  and  prices  are  held  ac.  higher  it  for  less  than  61,-c.  ;  and,  for  tl  or  the  week,  110,400  pieces.  60  by  64's  cann(  best;  61e.  IS  asked.  Receipts—  . STYLE=superscript  Flour,  BUFFALO,  Saturday,  Sept.  24.  Wheat,  70,000  ;.  Corn,  78,000  ;  Oats,  18,000.  There  is  a  good  demand  for  Flour  at  fair  prices.  Sales  3,000  bbls.  5  dols.  25  to  35  31  for  Genesee.  Fair  demand  for  Wheat,  but  firmness  of  holders  checks  operations.  Freights  unchanged.  -  NEW  ORLEANS.  Friday,  Sept.  23.  Sales  of  Cotton  for  the.week,  4,500.  bales.  Quotatation  for  middling,  10ic.  Receipts  of  the  week,  65,000  bales  Stock  in  port,  19,000  bal  CHARLESTON,  Sunday,  Sept.  25.  500  bales,  at  10c.  to  10  9  16  Sales  of  Cotton  yesterda  Market  unchanged  in  ever  RAL  AMERICA  We  are  in  receipt  of  files  of  La  Gaceta,  of  San  Jose,  Costa  Rica,  up  to  th  3rd  of  September,  from  which  we  extract  the  following  latest  news  from  the  various  South  American  and  Central  American  Republics  This  country  Was  stilt  - STYLE=superscript  being  desolated'  by  civil  war,  joined  to  the  yOvagesof  the  typhus  and  yellow  fever.  The  revolutions,  which  have  never  ceased  to  disturb  Venezuela  from  the  time  that  Leocadio  Guzman  excited  the  populace  against  the  men  of  worth,  continued  presenting  an  alternation  of  triumphs  and'  defeats,  which  leave  in  suspense  the  fate  of  society.  The  -brothers  Monagas,  absolute  governors  of  Venezuela;  have  •  succeeded  in  re reducing  ducing reducing  their  adversaries  -  in.  Valencia  and  in  the  valleys  of  Aragua;  -still  -the  -insurgents  maintained  themselves  in  Gliniana  and  in  the  island  of  Mar Maraareta  aareta Maraareta  their  defeats  were  attiibuted  to  a  want  of  unanimity,  which  has  - STYLE=superscript  neutralized  their  efforts  from  the  beginning.  From  their  not  working  in  accord,  the  heads  of  a  movement  which  appears  a  lawful  one  have  in  the  most  deplorable  manner  compromised  the  success  of  the  good  cause  of  the  conservative  party,-since  the  government  of  Vene Venezuela  zuela Venezuela  not  only  wants  credit  and  moral  power  in  the  interior,  but  it  also  maintains  its  connection  with  foreign  .  nations  in  the  worst  condition.  The  whole  diplomatic  corps  has  had  to  protest  against  its  viblences  and  arbitrarities.  But  in  Venezuela,  as  else  Where,  timidity  and  indicision  are  accus accustomed  tomed accustomed  to  attend  on  the  good  cause,  while  the  bad  cause  has  no  scrupl  .  e  in  availing  itself  of  brute  force,  and  in  recurring.to  the  attempts  that  occur occurred  red occurred  in  1848,  when  General  President  Monagas  directed  a  horde  of  assassins  against  Congress.  NEW  GRANADA  The  Peruvian  Minister,  Senor  Paz  Soldan,  had  left  Bagots,  after  having  regulated  the  question  pending  between  Peru  and  New  Granada,  the  hief  of  w  question  of  territory  on  the  sof  the  Amazon.  There  are.  good  news  from  old  mines  in  the  neighbourhood.  of  Chondales,  1  have  been  received,  and  very  large  lumps  of  go  fine  specimens  of  quart  PERU  AND  BOLIVIA  Since  the  military  occupation  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  port  of  Cobija  by  the  'Peruvians,  there  has  not  occurred  any  warlike  move  to  complicate  affairs.  The  belligerents  had  limited  themselves  to  sending  troops  to  the  frontier.  Eaoh  army  numbering  four  thousand  men.  President  Belzu  had  estali estalillshed  llshed estalillshed  his  quarters  in  Vrachia.  QUATEMALA  The  dates  froM  Guatemala  are  to  the  22nd  July.  The  Gaceta  contains  all  the  documents  relative  to  the  persecution  of  the  enemy,  and  to  the  second  defeat  which  they  suffered,  on  .the  12th  of  July,  on  the  hill  of  Attilapa.  General  Garcia  Granados,  who  commanded  in  the  action,  was  promoted  to  the  rank  of  brigadet  or  infantry.  Notwithstanding  these  triumphs,.G.eneral  Carrera  had  .  resolved  to  order  the  evacuation  of  the  Hondurian  territory,  and  even  to  concentrate  his  troops  towards  Guate Guatemala,  mala, Guatemala,  contenting  himself  with  leaving  a  battalion  in  the  department  of  Chiquimala.  CALIFORNIA  SUMMARY  0:  A.  FORTNIGHT'S  NEWS.  (From  the  San  Francisco  .Alta  California,  Sept.  1.)  Since  the  date  of  our  last  semi-monthly  notice  of  the  market,  every  'department  of  trade  has  exhibited  an  extraordinary  degree  of  languor  and  inactivity.  `This'  has  been  owing  to  the  same  . STYLE=superscript  cause  to  whicfi  we  then  had  occasion  to  advert,  viz.,  the  . STYLE=superscript  absenee  of  any  demand  of  consequence  from  the  interior,  which  would  enable  our  jobbers.  to  rid  ;  themselves  of  their  stocks,  and  .to  re  enter  the  market  as  purchasers.  While,  however,  com commercial  mercial commercial  affairs  are  suffering  a  temporary  depression,  consequent  upon  over  trading,  the  other  great  in interests  terests interests  of  our  state  are  in  the  main  prosperous  and  flourishing.  The  dry  season  does  not  now  oppose  that  barrier  to  the  miner's  success  which  it  has  done  heretofore,  by  numerous  individual  and  corn-  bined  enterprises,  many  parts  of  the  auriferous  region  have  a  constant  supply  of  water,  and  the  production  of  gold  goes  on  in  those  localties  with without  out without  cessation.  Every  county  in  the  state  is  a  scene  of  political  discussion  and  excitement.  The  election  will  take  place,  on  the  7th  prox.,  and  until  that  event  shall  have  transpired,  the  public  mind  will  be  to  a  great  extent  occupied  by  political  matters.  The  Indian  outbreaks  in  the  Rogue  river  valley,  in  the  North  are  becoming  serious  and  threatening.  It  is  not  improbable  that  general  hostilies  will  be  the  consequence  in  that  part  of  the  state  and  the  southern  part  of  Oregon.  The  existing  troubles,  like  others  that  have  arisen  from  time  to  time  in  other  Sections  of  the  state,  most  probably  had  their  origin  in  the  outrages  which  some  of  the  more  reck reckless  less reckless  and  unprincipled  of  the  whole  population  take  so  much  pleasure-  in  inflicting  upon  the  weak  and  defenceless,  whether  civilised  or  savage.  The  peaceful  and  industrious  citizens  have  now  to  bear  the  vindictive  hostility  of  the  savages,  who  recog recognise  nise recognise  no  distinction  between  friend  or  foe  among  the  pale  We  fear  that.  a  bloody  and  pro protracted  tracted protracted  war  will  ensue,  the  frontier  citizens  defend defending.their  ing.their defending.their  lives  and  their  homes,  while  the  unprin unprincipled  cipled unprincipled  wretches  who  kindled  the  flame  are  in  safety,  in  the  less  exposed  districts.  The  murderers  and  thieves  who  have  so  long  in infested  fested infested  the  State  have  been  faring  somewhat  badly  of  late.  A  number  of  them  have  been  brought  to  summary  account,  and-forfeited  their  lives  for  their  crimes.  Among  them,  Vorgara,  who  murdered  Mr.  Porter,  near  Lee  Angeles,  some  weeks  since,  was  lately  killed'  at  the  military  camp  - STYLE=superscript  on  the  Colo Colorado.  rado. Colorado.  _  _  A  rendezvous  of  villains,  of  all  grades  and  cha chaters,  ters, chaters,  was  recently  discovered  in  the  sink  of  the  Humboldt  ,River,  east  of  the  Sierra  Nevada.  A  murderer  was  traced  by  a  party  from  Calaveras  county,  to  the  rendezvous,  where  about  one  hun hundred  dred hundred  and  fifty  of  the  outlaws  were  discovered.  A  volunteer  force  will  probably  go  out  to  dislodge  the  villains."
