text
"Terms-;Deughters  of  members,  ss.  6d.  per  qmirter,  others  el  Bs.  per  quarter,  but  these  fees  are  exclusive  of  ;French.  German,  Instrumental  NI  us'c,  Dancing,  and  Calesthenics,  for  which  extra  fees  are  charged  as  follows:—viz.  French  and  German  123.  6ii.  per  quar quarter  ter quarter  ;  Dancing  103.  6d;'  Calestheoics  53;  Piano  21s.  to  423.  Att  tcblet  to  the  Girls'  School  is  a  School  far  Infants  of  both  sexes  under  six  yeas  of  age.  Terms—Children  of  members  10s.  6d,  per  quarter;  others  129.  •  LADIES'  CLASSES,  Special  Classes  are  open  at  Blackburne-house  for  Ladies  who  have  ccmpleted  their  oreinary  school  education,  but  wish  to  pu•sue  the  study  of  French,  German,  Drawing,  Music,  egc.,  viz.  .--Terms--  French  or  German  15s.  per  quarter;  'Music  213.  to  425.  per  quarter.  A  reduction  of  these  fees  is  made  to  young  ladies  who  have  been  educated  In  the  school.  THE  EVENING  SCHOOL,  Is  designed  to  afford  to  the  Artizan  instruction  in  the  scientific  principles  on  which  the  profitable  exercise  of  this  skill  depends—to  the  youth  entering  on  the  business  of  life  the  means  of  systemati systematically  cally systematically  carrying  on  his  education—to  thi'  adul,  whose  earlier  educa education  tion education  may  have  been  neglected,  the  means  of  repairing  its  deft  ien iencies—and  cies—and iencies—and  to  offer  facilities  to  all  who  may  be  seeking  to  advance  themselves  in  any  bran  h  of  study.  It  comprises  Classes  for  Reading,  Writing.  Arithmetic,  Book Bookkeeping,  keeping, Bookkeeping,  Grammar  and  Composition,  Geography.  History,  Naviga Navigation,  tion, Navigation,  Geome  ry,  Algebra,  Drawing,  Painting,  Modelling,  French,  German,  Swinish,  and  Danci  n  g.  Th  e  sc  h  ool  i  s  open  four  evenings  a  week  from  seven  to  nine  o'clock.  Terms—Junior  classes  3s.  td.  per  quarter;  senior  classes  6s  6d.  per  quarter,  except  French,  15s.  per  hall  year;  German  13s.  per  half-year  ;  Spanish  15s.  per  quarter;  Dancing  15s.  p;r  hale-year.  A  reduction  of  about  one-third  of  these  fees  is  made  to  members  of  the  Institution.  The  Spanish  Clalis  will  be  conducted  in  future  by  the  Bev.  L.  Lucena,  of  Falliner-street.  THE  GOVERNMENT  SCHOOL  OF  ART  Comprises  Evening  Classes  (forming  part  of  the  Evening  School)  is  which  the'Course  of  Study  embraces  Elementary  Freehand  Drawing,  Perspective  Figure  Drawine.  Painting,  Landscapq,  Fruit,  &amp;c.  in  Wa Water-colpur,  ter-colpur, Water-colpur,  Tempera,  qnd  Oil.  from  examples  and  from  Nature,  Mo Modelling,  delling, Modelling,  Ornament  and  Figure  from  Casts  or  Drawings,  and  Flowers.  &amp;c.  fiomNature;  Mechanical  and  Architec  oral  Drawings.  Terms Terms-6s.  6s. Terms-6s.  6diper  quarter;  and  Morning  Classes  for  Ladies,  meeting  twice  a  week.  Fees,  per  quarte•.  Pupils  in  this  school  are  allowed  tq  compnte  for  Scholarships  and  numerous  other  Prizes,  periodically  aival•ded  by  'Government  to  pTokient  students.  THE  SCHOOLS  WILL  BE  RE-OPENED  ON  MONDAY  NEXT.  THE  LIBRARY  AND  READING-ROOM  Are  open  iiery  day  from  8  am.  to  939  p.m.  Terms—Members,  free:  non-members,  10s,  6d.  per  annum.  Catalogues,  wilt  new  supplements,  just  out,  ed.  each.  MEMBERS  OF  THE  INSTITUTION,  That  is,  snbscrihe's  of  One  Guinea  annually,  are  entitled  to  the  free  use  of  the  Library  and  Reading  Room,  free  admissi  n  to  the  Lectures  anal'  ,  Concerts  given'  in  the  Institution,  to  some  of  the  Evening  Classes,  and  to  the  other  Clas  es  on  more  favourab!e  terms  than  non-members,  and.  their  children  are  received  into  the  Day  end  Evening  Schools  at  less  fees  than  others.  Ladies  are  enti  led  to  :he  free  tue  of  the  Library  and  Heading  Rooms,  and  admission  to  Lectures  &amp;c.  for  los.  annum.  per  annu.  Prospectuses,  with  detailed  informat  on  ,  may  be  obtained  on  application  to  .  ASTnUP  CALtISS,  .94crelary.  THE  NORTH  BRITISH  DAILY  MAIL  is  now  reduced  in  price  (though  not  in  size),  to  TWOPENCE,  TJNSTAMPED  ;  THREEPENCE,  STAMPED  The  DAILY  MAIL  contains  all  the  News  of  the  day,  condensed  and  selected  f  r  o  m  th  e  principal  newspapers,  as  well  as  correspondence  from  the  various  districts  of  the  country.  To  Local  News  of  every  kind  a  large  space  is  devoted  ;  and  it  contains  exclusively  the  Latest  Intelli Intelligence  gence Intelligence  froin  all  parts  of  the  Continent  received  by  Submarine  Telegraph,  generally  a  flay  in  advance  of  other  papers  It  has  been  for  some  years  the  leading  and  most  influentia  Journal  in  the  West  of  Scotland,  and  has  at  present  a  cir circulation  culation circulation  greater  than  that  of  some  of  the  London  Morning  Journals;  but  as  a  large  increase  will  result  from  the  re reduction  duction reduction  in  price,  no  better  medium  exists  for  such  Adver Advertisements  tisements Advertisements  as  are  addressed  to  the  wealthy  and  influential  classes  of  glaggpw,  and  the  wide  -spread,  populous  manufacturing  districts  around  and  dependent  upon  the  western  Capital.  To  all  places  where  Railway  or  Steamboat  facilities  ex extend,  tend, extend,  arrangements  will  be  made  to  send  the  DAILY  MAIL  in  parcels,  Unstamped  ;  but  if  the  pest-office  is  used  for  transmission  '  the  Papers  must  be  s  t  amped,  which  will,  however,  entitle  them  to  retransmission  as  often  as  desired  for  a  limited  period  after  Publication.  The  price  of  the  NORTH  BRITISH  DATLT  MAIL  will  be—.  Unstamped,  Stamped,  Advance,  135...  For  a  Quart  er  ..  ...14  s  .  6d  hi  Advance.  ....21s.  6d.  2o  s.  „.,  a  Ilalf-year,  ...295.  ,s.  43s.  ....405..  ',  a  Year,........  575.  -  --Ns.  •,.'  86 STYLE=superscript  g.  Bos.  A  first-class  Daily  Paper  can  thus  bd  had  for  a  shillinf  aweek,  and  t  o  a  club  of  tour  the  cost  will  be  only  tire,-  pence  each.  Orders  received  at  the  MAIL  Offices Offices-102  -102 Offices-102  to  114,  UNION  STREET,  GL  A  SGOW  14,  SOUTH  ST  ANDREW  STREET;  EDINBURGh  .  And  by  all  Country  bliws-agentt"
