text
"eription  of  pr  EY  MARKET  :  leCurities  have  come  to  ha  negociating  loans  at  current  per  cent.  Upon  really  good  p  , STYLE=superscript  no  hesitation  in  lending  50,  and  in  some  eases  75  per  cent,  on  the  present  value.  We  remark  on  the  whole,  that  money  has  been  'TL  rather  better  demand  this  week.  'C'Croot,  MARKET  :  Small  lots  of  handwashed  and  slipe  wools  are  still  coming  to  hand,  and  sell  a  t  our  current  rates.  Th  e  are  l  s  c STYLE=superscript  liP  does  not  make  its  a  pp  earance  i  n  any  quantity.  Prices  for  superior  flocks,  Is  41  to  is  5d  ;  fair  to  good,  Is  2d  t2(23  to;  inferior  to  average;  Is  to  I  s  -  ld  ;  b  ro  k  en  low,  &amp;  c.,  lid;  leeks,  grease,  &amp;c.,  5d  to  ;  baudwashed  and  of  interest,  from  10  to  12'  have  uow  TALLOW  AND  HIDES  quotation  CArFL  I  £l5  1  Ai.  Wm  MARKET  MARKET  ei3  to  1.15  10  to  £lO  10s;  i  .t  an  average  of  £2  10  and  do  CORN  AND  FLOI  will  cau  ',  £4O;  7,600  bushelsroats  :  Degrave's  mills—Fine  flour.  ;  Chilian,  £34;  Haxall  and  per  bushel;  wheat  bought  at  s—Fine  flour,  £42  •  Haxall,  ;  bran,  2  3  pe  r  bushel  e  arrival  of  which  it  is  expected  rites.  Summary  of  imports  for  ember—Flour  1,423  tons,  barley  4,867,  wheat  6,000.  N  EY  We  have  our  files  of  papers  from  Sydney  to  the  13th  of  October.  The  Empire  gives  the  following  weekly  review  of  the  import  trade  :  With  the  exception  of  the  business  of  our  auction  sales,  no  transaction.;  worthy  of  attention  have  taken  place  during  the  week.  The  prevailing  want  of  confidence  among  the  middle  class  of  tradesmen  operates,  to  a  large  evtent,  to  produce  dullness  in  trade.  To-day,  it  is  reported,  that  an  extensive  grocer  has  stopped  payment  to  the  extent  of  some  £33,000.  In  this  case,  however,  it  is  said  that,  under  any  es'  will  show  substantial  assets.  t  v  tight,  and  discounts  are  effected  heavy  parcels  of  oilmen's  stores  and  in  several  instances  circumstances,  the  estat  Money  is  at  pi,  with  difficulty  Some  vc  have  changed  hand  s  at  auction,  with  recent  transactions  in  the  same  description  of  goods,  were  satisfactory.  In  the  spirit  market  there  has  been  a  slight  decline  on  brandies  and  genevas.  There  has  been  more  inquiry  for  coffee;  this  has  been  principally  fur  the  Melbourne  market,  which  is  said  to  be  hare.  prices,  as  compared  BRANDY:  Although  it  iq  stated  that  there  is  a  move  in  the  Port  INlip  trade  having  an  upward  tendency,  prices  have  been,  if  anything  lower.  The  highest  figure  obtained  at  auction  for  Martelt's  brandy  was  13s  ;  Elennessy's,  12s  to  12.  , STYLE=superscript  6.1.  Other  brands  in  proportion,  though  they  are  not  much  inquired  for.  Ruar:  Some  parcels  have  exchanged  hands  at  public  sales,  slight  decline.  Holders  of  fine  samples  are  still  firm  —W  I,  10  o.p,  3s  9d  to  4s;  30  ditto,  at  former  quotations  5s  to  5s  6d,  GENEVA  :  The  best  brands,  such  as  and  key,  are  quoted  at  19s  to  193  6.1,  though  this  decline  from  former  rates  will  probably  be  of  short  duration.  WlNES.—Market  dull,  but  few  transactions.  First Firstclass  class Firstclass  port  winei  are  very  scarce,  and  holders  are  want wanting  ing wanting  long  prices.  Sherry  is  rather  more  plentiful,  and  continues  in  good  demand  for  general  consumption.  WHISKE?.—There  is  very  lit  tle  inquiry.  The  market  is  not  overstocked,  yet  the  season  of  the  year  is  against  much  trade.  TEAS.—Market  steady,  and  tolerably  firm,  the  only  trade  being  for•home  consumption.  CoFFEE.—lnquires  have  been  made  for  the  Melbourne  trade,  and  some  two  or  three  hundred  bags  were  sent  down.  Several  private  specJations  have  taken  place  for  Java  coffee  ;  prices  not  transpired.  Rrcri  :  Very  quiet;  the  small  animation  that  was  exhibited  during  the  proceeding  week  has  subsided.  Liverpool  curing  •  da  at  former  quotations.  salt,  4.  15s.  to  51.  ;  fine  dairy,  61.  to  61.  os.  SLOPS  AND  DRAPERY  :  Seasonable  goods  are  in  demand  at  slightly  increased  rates.  SHOES  AND  BOOTS  :  Summer  goods,  especially  ladies'  ware,  elastic  sides,  and  of  good  qualities,  command  ready  sales.  Tonacco  AND  CIGARS  :  Trade  has  been  principally  con confined  fined confined  to  present  use;  some  parcels  of  No.  2's  were  sold  at  auci  ion  for  MS.  6d.  We  have  not  heard  of  any  specula speculations.  tions. speculations.  •  The  Sydney  Herald,  of  the  11th,  in  its  commer commercial  cial commercial  article,  gives  the  following  report  of  the  result  of  a  recent  negotiation  of  the  government  with  the  banks  of.  New  South  Wales  for  a  temporary  loan  of  £OOO.OOO  -  About  a  forty  -..ght  since,  the  Government  sent  a  circular  ks,  showing  that,  in  order  to  carry  out  the  authorised  by  the  legislature,  it  would  be  requisite  to  raise  about  900,0001  by  the  Ist  of  June  next,  and  inquiring  what  amount  of  debentures  the  banks  would  be  prepared  to  purchasrt,  or  in  what  way  they  could  assist  the  government.  Various  proposals  were  sent  in,  and  the  offer  of  the  Bank  of  New  South  Wales  for  the  whole  amount  has  been  accepted.  The  bank,  :11  advance  the  money  in  such  sums  as  . STYLE=superscript  t  the  rate  of  911  for  every  1001  - STYLE=superscript  eceive.  The  debentwres  an  are  to  be  sent  to  England,  where  they  a  re  no  t  be  sold  d STYLE=superscript  for  less  than  921.  lOs  each;  and  if  they  cannot  be  sold  at  that  rate  the  bank  is  to  hold  them  until  they  become  due.  No  charge  is  to  be  made  for  the  money,  but  on  the  sale  of  the  debentures  the  bank  is  to  be  paid  one  per  cent  and  - STYLE=superscript  the  brokerage,  which  it  is  supposed  will  be  about  one-eighth  per  cent.  These  terms  are  consider  ed  to  be  extremely  favourable  to  the  government.  The  following  station  sale  in  New  South  Wales,  is  interesting  at  the  present  time  :  The  valuable  breeding  and  fattening,  stations  in  the  Wel  wary STYLE=superscript  lington  district,  known  as  the  Goimbla,  Gal,  and  Wallandray  statiuns,  with  13,400  sheep,  123  head  of  cattle,  and  twenty-four  horses.  were  sold  to-day  by  Messrs.  Mort  and  Co.,  on  account  of  Mr.  John  Walker,  who  is  about  to  proceed  to  Europe.  The  desirable  position  of  the  stations,  being  about  seventy-five  miles  from  Bathurst,  and  the  value  of  the  various  improve improvements,  ments, improvements,  attracted  considerable  attention.  The  sheep  realised  lls  per  head,  the  cattle  3/.  The  horses,  stores,  &amp;c.,  were  to  be  taken  at  a  valuation.  The  result  of  the  sale  was  8,800/.  SvDNEY  PRODUtIE  CIRCULAR.  In  the  export  market  this  week  there  is  but  little  to  report;  only  a  few  bales  of  wool  have  been  sold,  princi-  Pally  the  clearing  up  of  last  season's  clip.  The  demand  for  greasy  wool  is  good,  but  without  any  alteration  in  price.  Only  a  limited  quantity  of  TALLow  appeared  during  the  we  , STYLE=superscript  k,  whi  c  h  was  t  'ken  quality  mutton  have  cad  the  trade.  I  nqu  i  r  i  es  for  first  en  made  but  none  In  t  h  e  market.  Hums  maintain  the  advance  , STYLE=superscript  quoted  In  last  repon,  and  heavy  are  i  n  good  demand.  .estc.tNs  are  firm.  lifferent  public  works  be  requi  re  tot  STOCK  AND  STaTrovs  :  The  stations  Goombla,  Galway,  Wallandra,  in  the  Wellington  district,  belonzing  to  John  Walker,  Esq.,  were  sold  at  auction  on  the  10th  instant,  the  stock  consisting  of  13  450  sheep,  atlis  ;  125  head  of  horses,  stores,  &amp;c..  at  a  valuation—in  all  Terms  equal  to  cash.  There  is  a  lull  in  stock  transactions,  caused  by  the  shearing  and  lambing  opera operations  tions operations  now  going  on.  As  soon  at  these  are  concluded  a  reaction  may  reasonably  be  expected,  FAT  STOCK.--CattlP  are  rather  on  the  decline,  prices  61.  to  71.  7s.  for  very  prime  •  shnerices  impr  1 STYLE=superscript  700  wet  hers  b  rought  17s.  6d.  ;  1303  p STYLE=superscript  e  p STYLE=superscript  wes,  123.  ving,  ;  good  sheep  command  good  prices.  ..  FREIGHTS  TO  Lo  NnoN  .  —  w  onl,  16.  to  10.  per  lb.  ;  hides,  255.  per  t  on;  tallow,  70s  to  75  5  .  p  er  ton  ;  oil,  80s.  per  •  o•old,  h  per  cent  by  sailing  vessels,  i  per,  steamer.  c2.ttle.  at  6-ss.  £9  000,  tun  EXCHANGE  L9NDON.-  -. STYLE=superscript  wank  drafts,  3  per  cent.  pre-  Private  bills  (with  produce  hypothecated),  2  per  ~  if  drawn  agiinst  tallow,  woof  or  gold.  Woor  , STYLE=superscript  .—Superior  clips,  Is.  4d.  to  Is.  63d.  ;  fair  to  good,  s.  2d.  - STYLE=superscript  to  Is.  4d.  ;  low  to  middling,  is.  to  Is.  20  ;  grease,  61  to  81d.  ;  locks,  pieces,  broken  wool,  QM.  to  Ilia  ;  h  an  d  washed,  lid.  to  Is.  41d.;  scoured,  Is.  6d  to  Is.  9d.  TALLOW  :  BPer,  36  v  9  35/.  to  3F4/  •  hide.  mutton,  371.  to  41/.  ;  station  tal taleach,  each, taleach,  6s.  to  14s.  ;  sheepskins,  per  Messrs.  Barker  &amp;  T.  S.  Morn'  &amp;  Co.,  Brok  ers  .  Co.  No  alteration  in  rket  has  taken  place  (luring  the  week.  Wheat  may  at  15q.  to  16s.  34  per  bushel;  fine  fiour  40f,..  and  371.  per  ton,  of  .2000  lbs.  ;  bran,  2s.  per  _-.  •  ore  1. STYLE=superscript  :  There  is  no  alteration  in  the  mar-  No  further  importations  have  taken  place,  and  stocks  Fine  Hour  401.  per  ton,  seconds  381.  44  Messrs.  Furlong  THE  Mll-123  second  qualit  bushel.  Mr.  Nyl  v  7  a  `i  Liz!  Very  lo  )S.  to  16s.  &amp;  keuned  ‘  flour  40/,  bushel  ,  ices  are  this  week  as  last  quoted  ;  fine  seconds  381.,  per  t  on  ;  wheat  15s.  to  16s.  31.  per  bran  24.  Stocks  IArtt  EAT  :  A  few  ,  however,  are  very  low.  lots  h  ave  been  sold  at  the  m  ar  k  e  t  luring  the  week.  at  16s  small  6d  per  b  us  h  el.  nriirellEtts'  with  cattle  liit''  , STYLE=superscript  :  T STYLE=superscript  h  of  fe  market  c  on  ti  nues  to  be  well  rathe  r  air  to  goo  d  qullitqualityGond  scarce,  owing.  doubtless,  to  the  corn corn-hearing  -hearing corn-hearing  operations.  No  lambs  have  ',they  plentiful  ;  al  will,  cns  each.  Pigs  are  scarce,  at  esale  price  of  mutton  con conper  per conper  lb.,  according,  to  quality.  only  a  very  few  prime  carcases  neral  price  ranging  from  lid  to'  I  to  91(1  r  lb.  1  tching  20  per  lb,  tit  (.o  131  per  ton  :  straw.  81  oil  to  4i  9d  per  bushel,  with  food,  s  6d  to  2s  per  dozen  Fon  %GE  :  Hay  plentiful,  at  to  101  loston;  maize,  43  I  _  per  limited  sup-ply  SYDNEY  GOLD  CIRCULAR.  By  the  Western  Escort  this  morning,  1,282  ounces  have  been  received,  which  is  rather  below  the  average  quantity;  nor  is  there  much  reported  as  having  come  to  hand  through  other  channels.  The  demand,  however,  keeps  per  very  slow;  is  and,  alth  ough  a  reduction  in  price  of  6d  to  9d  operate  freely.  ounce  submitted  to,  littl  e  i  ncl  i  nation  is  shown  to  The  rate  of  Exchange  is  now  per,  cunt,  slipe,  10(1  to  is  ld  ;  scoured,  is  2d  to  is  4d  ;  s  h  eeps  ki  ns,  3s  to  I  3s  3d  each.  Prices  still  rule  at  our  last  Thu  market  has  been  very  fully  ring  the  last  week,  and  sales  were  aer  rates,  say  first  class,  from  £  l3  to  •  10  ;  inferior  at  store  eatt.e  prices.  The  average  for  bullocks  may  be  quoted  at  £9  to  £9  10s,  very  few  of  prime  quality  were  offered.  The  -.iv  amounted  to  about  1,000  head.  There  was  but  a  of  sheep,  about  5,000,  which  was  quite  equal  buyers  having  supplied  themselves  at  the  reek.  Prices  ruled  also  at  about  last  prime,  and  from  13s  to  15s  inferior.  I,  at  14s  to  17s  per  head.  Calves,  a  old  at  reduced  prices,  from  30s  to  70s,  wts  the  market  fir-  fat  cattle  and  sheep,  ration  since  the  former  week:  quota quota-4%i11y  -4%i11y quota-4%i11y STYLE=superscript  supplied,  he  has  sold  prime  s  ;  second  quality  bullocks  and  'ferior  etttle  in  no  demand.  One  lot  of  store  cattle  at  '  9 STYLE=superscript  a-  Mixed  ewes  and  no  alteration  to  report  in  this  ❑d  have  been  about  equal;  the  hay,  well  trussed,  £l4  to  £l5  CI3  per  ton;  straw,  £B."
