text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  and  Honduras,  Panama,  California,  and  the  Western  Coast  of  South  America.  These  mails  embrace  trade  - STYLE=superscript  to  the  amount  of  12,000,0001.  to  14;000,000/.  annually,  of  - STYLE=superscript  which  vast  sum  the  North  of  England  supplies  quite  three-fourths  of  the  whole  amount.  And  of  the  import  trade  from  thence  the  port  - STYLE=superscript  of  Liverpool  receives  one-half.  The.  great  bulk  of  the  commercial  letters  borne  by  the  Southampton  steamers  must  therefore  be  from  and  for  the  North  of  England.  Why  then  should  our  trad  e  be  taken  from  us?  What  right  has  Southampton  to  our  letters  ?  Can  she  offer  greater  facilities  for  large  ships,  or  greater  pecuniary  advantages  to  those  whose  capital  is  invested  in  the  conveyance  of  the  West  India  Mails  ?  In  the  price  of  fuel  alone  we  can  offer  a  saving  of  a  considerable  per  centage  in  the  daily  cost  of  steam  navigation.  With  us  coal  is  on  the  spot  and  can  be  supplied  at  all  times  at  prime  cost.  outhampton  must  import  her  fuel,  and  the  best  coal  for  her  marine  purposes  lies  at  the  greatest  distance  from  her  port.  In  this  fact  alone  we  have  the  basis  of  a  successful  competition.  In  Liverpool  we  have  freight,  letters,  and  passengers  to  a  far  greater  extent  than  any  other  place  in  the  kingdom.  As  a  passenger  port  Liverpool  has  become  popular  both  at  home  and  abroad.  Her  merits  have  been  tested,  and  foreign  buyers  coming  to  the  English  markets  find  it  to  their  advantage  to  visit  the  Northern  manufacturing  towns  before  they  think  of  wending  their  way  to  the  more  fashionable  towns  of  the  South.  Above  all  these  considerations,  however,  there  is  one  of  much  greater  import.  The  trade  and  com commerce  merce commerce  of  these  days  require  the  utmost  despatch  in  all  postal  matters.  The  loss  of  a  day  by  the  de detention  tention detention  of  letters  might  produce  national,  as  well  as  individual  consequences  of  a  !most  ;  serious  cha character.  racter. character.  Impressed  with  the  force  of  this  fact,  the  - STYLE=superscript  Government  were  no  doubt  induced  to  aid  th  establishment  of  Ocean  Mail  lines  of  communica communication  tion communication  with  distant  countries.  The  vessels  employed  on  these  lines  are  by  a  variety  of  imp.ovements,  and  other  circumstances  being  beaten  by  better  and  faster  ships.  We  here  instance  the  recent  perform performance  ance performance  of  the  Braziliera,  she  being  the  fastest  ship  that  sails  for  Brazil,  will  as  a  matter  of  course,  be  selected  by  merchants  for  the  conveyance  of  their  letters  thence.  Here  then  we  have  the  merit§  of  a  Company  unrecognised  by  our  postal  authorities  competing  with  the  Government  contract  vessels,  in  the  con conveyance  veyance conveyance  of  letters.  The  public  will  at  all  times,  as  they  invariably  did,  under  the  old  regime,  select  the  beSt  . STYLE=superscript  ships  for  letters.  The  ques question  tion question  then  is,  What  remuneration  ought  such  vessels  to  receive,  and  what  amount  of  protection  ought  to  be  'given'  to  the  public  for  the  safety  prompt  delivery  of  letters  conveyed  by  ships  selected  for  the  advantages  they  offer  over  the  Government  paid  ships?  If  twopence  per  letter  was  allowed  to  all  ocean:-  going  vessels,  we  feel  assured  that  our  postal  com communications  munications communications  with  very  many  distant  parts  of  the  world  would  be  much  more  expeditious  and  fre frequent  quent frequent  than  they  are  at  present,  or  ever  have  been.  Should  any  comprehensive  arrangements  be  made  on  this  subject,  we  believe  that  the  enterprise  and  superiority  of  Our  Port  will  soon  secure  a  fair  por portion  tion portion  of  the  Ocean  Letter  and  Passenger  traffiC.of  England,  without  any  aid  directly  or  indirectly,  from  the  public  purse.  If  the  arguments  which  we  have  here  advanced  in  favour  of  Liverpool  over  Southampton,  as  an  Ocean  Packet  Station,  apply  with  any  force,  how  'immeasurably'  greater  that  force,  when  directed  against  the  pretensions  of  Milford  Haven.  This  latter  port  has  been  put  forward  very  prominently  as  a  rival  to  Liverpool,  in  this  branch  of  our  trade,  but  as  such  an  idea  can  scarcely  be  looked  on  ne  anything  more  than  a  hoax,  a  little  publicity  will  be  sufficient  to  restore  it  to  the  happy  oblivion  in  which  the  Milford  oyster  would  fain  spend  the  whole  of  her  days  ;.  but  there  are  cormorants,  like  ourselves,  who  will  drag  these  tenacious  creatures  from  their  hidden  beds,  and  having  swallowed  the  unsuspecting  fish,  present  the  shells  to  the  more  curious  for  closer  investigation.  Of  Milford  Haven,  therefore,  we  hope  to  hear  no  more,  except,  indeed,  at  our  fishmongers,  or  in  a  dish  of  scollopped  natives.  In  the  meantime,  another  Braziliera  or  two,  will  establish  the  character  of  Liverpool  for  fast  Ocean  Steamers,  when  all  rivalry  may  be  openly  set  at  defiance.  Is  English  law  an  ideality  or  a  reality—a  myth  or  a  fact  ?  .Is  our  Glorious  a  sem semblance  blance semblance  or  a  substance—a  miserable  sham,  or  a  ge genuine  nuine genuine  verity?  Wa•confess  we  are  at  our  wits'  ends  how  to  afford  a  s'atisfactory  answer  to  these  queries  —judging  of  the  Law  from  its  administration  , STYLE=superscript  and  of  the  Constitution  from  the  free-and  man manner  ner manner  in  which  it  is  construed.  We  always  thought,  until  recently,  that  English  jurisprudence  was  chiefly  contradistinguished  from  that  of  other  nations  by  the  justness  and  wisdom  of  its  policy,  and  that  our  Courts  of  Judicature  were  pre-eminently  remarkable  for  their  freedom  from  secrecy  which  reflects  dishonour  on  those  of  Continental  countries.  Unfortunately,  hoivever,  we  have  been  mistaken,  both  as  regards  the  character  of  the  .  law  itself,  and  the  manner  of  its  adjudi adjudication.  cation. adjudication.  •  One  or  two  circumstances  have  recently  taken  place  at  the  Birkenhead  Police  Court,  which  have  astonished  us  greatly,  and  which,  upon  inquiry,,  we  find  to  be  of  repeated  occurrence.  We  allude  to  the  hearing  of  charges  by  the  magistrates  with  closed  doors;  and  what  is  worse,  either  excluding  altogether  the  accredited  representatives  of  the  Press,  or  else  requesting  that  the  name  of  the  party  accused  should  not  be  suffered  to  transpire  !  We  have  no  hesitation  in  saying,  that  such  a  procedure  is  contrary  to  the  genius  of  English  Law  and  the  spirit  of  the  English  Conititution.  No  ,Civil  magistrate,  no  matter  how  elevated  his  position,  is  justified  in  hearing  a  charge,  or  trying  a  criminal,  in  any  court  where  the  public  or  the  Press  are  excluded.  More  than  this,  the  public  have  as  perfectly  legal  a  right  to  be  present  as  the  magistrate  himself—except  in  those  rare  cases  where  the  ends  of  justice  might  possibly  be  frus  , STYLE=superscript  tratad  by  such  a  course.  Fortunately  the  prece  7  dent  set  by  the  judicial  functionaries  across  the  Mersey  are  not  followed  in  other  towns.  Never Nevertheless  theless Nevertheless  they  are  not  the  less  objectionable;  and  most  certainly  should  meet  with  hearty  opposition  from  those  who,  value  their  privileges,  and  estimate  the  birthright  of  free-born  Englishmen.  AS  we  have  no  especial  desire  to  .  see  an  Inquisition  established  in  this  country,  we  cannot  be  too  care careful  ful careful  in  resisting  any  infringements  on  our  Constitu Constitution--or  tion--or Constitution--or  too  forward  in  raising  our  voices  against  any  approximation  towards  a  secret  tribunal.  Even  were  the  practice  which.  we  denounce  legally  justifiable,  it  would  nevertheless  be  decid-  - STYLE=superscript  edly  impolitic:  That  the  accused  could  not  be  bene benefitted  fitted benefitted  by  it  is  obvious.  For  admitting  that  the  presid presiding  ing presiding  magistrate  thought  fit,  in  such  a  case,  to  acquit  the  party,  on  the  ground  of  insufficient  evidence,  there  would  be  a  disposition  in  the  public  mind  to  suspect  (perhapS  unfairly)  lenity  on  the  part  of  one,  and  criminality  on  the  part  of  the  other.  But  if  an  accusation  be  fairly  heard  in  open  court,  and  that  a  similar  conclusion  is  arrived  at,  every  one  will  consider  the  magisterial  decision  equitable,  and  not  a  shadow  of  suspicion  will  alight  upon  the  alleged  criminal  ever  after.  It  is  due,  therefore,  to  the  dignity  of  the  law  itself,  the  honour  of  the  judicatory,  and  in  fairness  to  the  individual  charged  with  crime,  to  have  that  charge  publicly  'investi 'investigated;  gated; 'investigated;  without  any  attempt  at  concealment.  It  unfortunately  happens  that,  in  too  many  in instances,  stances, instances,  gentlemen  are  elevated  to  the  magisterial  bench,  who  are  by  no  means  fitted  for  so  responsi responsible  ble responsible  a  position  ;  and  ivhoSe  reading  has  been  More  confined  to  Price  than  to  upon  Under  such  circumstances,  how  can  we  possibly  expect  a  fair  dispensation  of  justice,  and  a  proper  administratiOn  'of  the  law  ?  We  hope  none  will  be  invidious  enough  to  suppose  that  we  make  personal  allusions.  We  do  no  such  thing.  We  merely  assert  a  plain  matter-of-fact  statement,  which  is  too  obvious  to  need  confirmation.  Were  the  bench  exclusively  occupied  by  those  whose  previous  studies,  and  professional  status  preemi preeminently  nently preeminently  qualified  them  for  'such  an  office,  so  many  anomalies  would  not  occur  in  the  administration  of  justice;  and  our  laws;  would  be  administered  in  conformity  with  the  spirit  of  the  British  Consti Constitution.  tution. Constitution.  _  SUDDEN  DEATH.—A  man  named  Edward  Farrell,  residing  at  8  Court,  Grenville-street,  died  suddenly  about  two  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning,  of  disease  of  the  heart.  ESCAPE  OF  A  LUNATIC.—On  Saturday  night,  a  lunatic  named  Bibby,  escaped  from  the  Sun-street  Asylum,  Rainhill.  Bibby  forme  r  ly  li  ve  d  i  n  P  a  ll  M  a  ll  in  this  own.  LAST  EVENING,  shortly  before  nine  o'clock,  a  German  was  robbed  of  a  gold  watch,  in  Dale  street.  The  robbery  was  perpetrated  by  a  female.  THE  KNIFE  AGAIN.  —A  man  named  George  Stevens,  residing  at  No.  3  Court,  Gun-street,  was  stabbed  in  the  face,  yesterday,  in  a  public-house  kept  by  Mr.  Harwood,  Scotland-road.  The  party  who  . STYLE=superscript  stabbed  him  is  well-known  to  the  police.  PRIZE  FIGHT.—We  understand  that  a  prize  fight  takes  place  to-day,  between  Rory  Gill  of  Liverpool  and  Donnelly,  for  201.  a  side.  The  point  of  Ayr  is  the  locality  selected  for  the  display  of  and  w  here,  no  doubt,  it  will  come  off,  should  no  impedi impediinents  inents impediinents  be  thrown  in  the  way.  LIVERPOOL  AUTUMN  RACES.—The  L'pool  Autumn  races  commence  to-day,  under  more  than  usually  favour favourable  able favourable  auspices.  The  horses  which  have  accepted  for  the  various  races,  have  arrived  with,  we  believe,  four  or  five  exceptions,  a  circumstance  unprecedented  in  the  history  of  our  autumn  meeting.  SHOP  ROBBERY.—Last  night,  the  shop  of  Matilda  Basnett,  -176,  London  Road,  was  broken  into,  by  wrenching  the  padlock  off  the  door,  and  the  thieves  carried  off  a  dozen  silver  spoons,  gold  ring  and  eye  glass,  guard  and  watch.  The  property  stolen  is  valued  at  101.  WRECK  OF  AN  EMIGRANT  SHlP.—lnformation  was  received  in  Glasgow  on  Sunday  morning  of  the  loss  of  the  ship  Sapphire  from  Glasgow  to  Australia,  which  left  Rothe Rothesay  say Rothesay  Bay  on  Thursday  night  last.  The  vessel  had  got  as  far  as  the  Black  Head,  at  the  mouth  of  the  Belfast  Lough  ;  but  unfortunately  went  ashore  in  a  fog  about  midnight  on  Friday.  No  lives  were  lost.  The  ship  is  heavily  insured  in  Glasgow.  LAUNCH  OF  A  SCREW  STEAMER  FOR  SYDNEY.—On  Saturday  afternoon  a  fine  new  steamer,  named  the  City  of  was  launched  from  Messrs.  Smith  and  Rodgers  yard,  at  Govan,  near  Glasgow.  The  is  the  first  of  a  fleet  of  seven  new  vessels  for  the  Australasian  Steam  Navigation  Company  of  Sydney,.  and  measures  750  tons,  and  is  to  be  propelled  by  engines  of  180  horsepower.  BURNING  OF  THE  AMERICAN  SHIP  VICTORIA.—  Samliel  Graham,  the  cook,  and  David  Somerset,  one  of  the  seamen  of  this  slip  which  was  burned  in  the  Clyde  on  Friday  last,  and  who  were  taken  up  on  suspicion  of  having  set  the  vessel  on  fire,  were  liberated  on  Saturday  night,  the  Procu Procurator  rator Procurator  Fiscal  not  considering  .  the  evidence  brought  against  them  sufficient  to  warrant  their  committal  for  trial.  DEATH  BY  DROWNING.—On  Saturday  last  a  boy  named  John  Hawkins,  residing  with  his  parents  at  Welling Wellington-place,  ton-place, Wellington-place,  Wellington-road,  went  to  see  the  fireworks  in  the  brick-fields  near:Beresford-road,  where  great  crowds  of  chil children  dren children  had  assembled,  and  did  not  return  home  that  night.  On  Sunday  morning  a  man  named  Robert  Jackson  went  out  to  look  for  him  and  found  his  dead  body  at  the  brick-fields  in  a  pit  there.  ACCIDENTAL  DEATH.—A  little  girl  named  Mary  Ellen  Lethwaite,  residing  with  her  mother  Mary  Milling,  at  No.  4  Court,  Jones's-street,  Toxteth-park,  was  badly  scalded  by  the  contents  of  the  coffee-pot  being  accidentally  spilled  upon  her  on  Saturday  week.  She  was  removed  to  the  Southern  Hospital,  where  every  attention  was  paid  her,  but  she  died  of  the  injuries  she  had  received  about  seven  o'clock  on  Saturday  morning  last.  A  MAN  DROWNED  IN  - STYLE=superscript  THE  DOCKS.—Bernard  Mc.  Carthy,  a  dock  labourer  working  on  board  the  Isle  of  Man  boat,  was  found  drowned  on  Sunday  morning  between  the  gates  of  the  lock  leading  from  the  Clarence  basin  into  the  Trafalgar  dock.  The  gate  where  it  is  supposed  the  de deceased  ceased deceased  had  attempted  to  cross  on  Saturday  night  had  formerly  a  platform  for  walking  over,  and  a  rail  to  keep  persons  from  falling,  but  these  were  removed  to  give  greater  facility  to  the  entrance  of  steamers.  ACCIDENTS.—WiIIiam  Sutton,  labourer,  residing  at  9,  Court,  Brick-street,  fractured  his  leg  in  the  Albert  dock  yesterday.  He  was  unloading  cotton  from  a  ship  when  one  of  the  bales  rolled  against  his  leg  and  produced  the  injury.  Carl  Deseloff,  sailor,  shin  Andreas,  fractured  his  leg  on  Sunday,  by  a  fall  on  hoard  his  ship  in  the  Brunswick-basin.  Catherine  Boland,  37,  Chisinhall-street,  vas  admitted  yesterday  to  the  Northern  Hospital  with  a  compound  fracture  of  the  skull  ;  the  particulars  are  give  n  i  n  our  po  li  ce  report.  H  annah  Smith,  81,  Eaton-street,  when  getting  out  of  bed  yesterday  morning,  her  foot  slipped  and  she  fell,  thereby  producing  a  fracture  of  the  FATAL  ACCIDENTS.—On  Monday,  the  24th  ult.,  James  Castel  an  engineer  in  the  Victoria  engine  works,  Stanley  Dock,  was  working  at  the  steam-ship  Persia,  in  No.  4,  Sandon  Graving  Dock.  He,  and  another,  had  the  screW screWpropeller  propeller screWpropeller  unshipped,  and  resting  on  some  planks  at  the  bottom  of  the  docks  near  the  end  of  the  keel.  The  other  man,  Adam  Drummond  was  holding  on  against  the  head  of  the  bolt  on  one  side  whilst  the  deceased  was  unscrewing.  the,  nut,  when  the  propeller  slipped  and  jammed  the  deceased's  leg  between  it  and  the  keel.  He-was-taken  to  -the-Northern  Hospital  where  he  died  .on  Satnrday  last  of  mortification.  On  Saturday  between  one  and  two  o'clock  John  Dawson,  a  bricklayer's  labourer,  was  wheeling  a  barrow  of  mortar  along  a  plank  on  the  scaffold,  on  the  inside  of  the  new  ware warehouses  houses warehouses  now  in  course  of  erection  on  the  North  side  of  the  Stanley  dock.  The  barrow  struck  against  a  brick  that  was  on  the  scaffold  and  that  threw  him  round  and  he  . STYLE=superscript  fell  off  the  scaffold  to  the  bottom  of  the  building,  a  distance  of  46  feet:  This  fearful  fall  caused  a  fracture  of  the  ribs  and  leg,  and  he  died  in  about  two  hours  after,  from  the  internal  injuries  he  had  received.  ACCIDENT.  TO  THE  GUIDING  STAR.—The  beautiful  clipper-built  ship  the  Guiding  which  sailed  hence  on  Thursday,  the  27th  ult.,  for  New  York,  with  upwards  of  450  passengers  on  board,  under  the  command  of  Captain  It.  D.  Robertson.  She  encountered  high  and  baffling  winds  up  to  Sunday  the  30th,  but  managed  to  make  very  fair  progress.  At  noon  of  that  day  the  wind  freshened  from  the  south-west.  At  4  p.m:  the  vessel  was  off  the  Fastnett  rock,  which  bore  N.N.E.  .3  miles,  the  breeze  still  increasing.  The  weather  continued  to  get  worse  and  worse,  and  at  11  p.m.  it  was  blowing  a  heavy  gale  from  the  south-west,  with  a  tremen tremendous  dous tremendous  sea.  During  the  gale,  she  Carried  away  her  fore  - STYLE=superscript  and  main  topsail  yards,  maintopmast,  and  mainyard.  On  Mon Monday  day Monday  the  weather  moderating,  Captain  Robertson  determined  to  put  back  to  Liverpool  to  replace  the  lost  spars,  and  for  that  purpose  the  ship's  head  was  turned  up  channel  again.  She  had  reached  to  within  10  miles  of  the  Calf  of  Man,  when  the  wind  veered  round  to  the  iouth-east,  blowing  a  strong  breeze.  Captain  Robertson  bore  up  for  Belfast  Lough,  where  the  vessel  arrived  on  Friday  evening.  During  the  heaVy  weather  much  sickness  necessarily  prevailed  among  the  pagsengers.  Up  to  the  time  of  her  reaching  Belfast,  'seven  deaths  had  occurred,  and  a  few  were  still  sick  ;  but  with  rest  and  attention  they  'are  all  getting  strop.-  again..  On  arriving  at  Belfast,  Gaptaiii  *Robertson  reported  his  case  to  the  authorities.  The  Guiding  Star  is  an  entirely  new  vessel,  of  1,471  tons  register,  hew  measurement,  built  this  year  by  Messrs.  Wright,  of  St:John,  New  Brunswick.  A  steam-tug  has  been  despatchedlo  Belfast  to  bring  her  back  to  Liverpool,  to  be.  refitted.  Her  detention  is  not  expected  to  be  above  a  few  days.  •  CotiNelr.  MEETING.--The  first  meeting  of  the  New  Council  will  be  held  to-morrow,  when  the  following  busi business  ness business  will  • STYLE=superscript  be  transacted  :—The  election  of  Mayor;  the  election  of  eight  persons  as  aldermen  to  supply  the  places  of  the  under undermentioned  mentioned undermentioned  aldermen  who  go  out  of  office  under  'the  Municipal  Corporations  Acts;'  namely,  Mr.  Thomas  Bold,  Mr.  James  Parker,  Mr.  Joseph,  Cooper  '  Mr.  John  Nelsen  ,Wood,  Mr.  James  P  roc  t  er  ,  Mr.  J  o  h  n  Bramley  Moore,  Mr.  Edmund  Molyneux,  and  Mr.  Thomas  Chilton;  the  Mayor's  allowance  ;  the  appointment  of  six  members  of  the  Council  to  be  members  of  the  committee  for  tho  affairs  of  the  estate  of  the  Trustees  of  the  Liverpool  Docks,  upon  the  vacancies  occasioned  by  the  retirement  from  the  Council,  under  the  provisions  of  the  Muni Municipal  cipal Municipal  Corporations  Act,  of  Mr.  Charles  Turner,  Mr.  James  Holme,  Mr.  Edmund  Molyneux,  Mr.  Oliver  Holden,  Mr.  Matthew  Gregson,  Mr.  James  A.  Tobin.  (Gentlemen  who  have  been  re-elected  members  of  the  Council,  either  as  Alder Aldermen  men Aldermen  or  Councillors,  aro  eligible  to  be  re-elected  members  of.  Dock  Committee.)  A  recommendation  of  the  Health  Com Committee  mittee Committee  to  increase  the  salary  of  Mr.  W.  L.  Crosby,  clerk  in  the  treasurer's-office,  Cornwallis  -street,  from  £lOO  to  £l2O  per  annum,  the  consideration  o  f  whi  c  h  w  as  p  os  tp  one  d  a  t  the  last  meeting  of  the  .Council,  pursu  a  nt  t  o  th  e  s  t  a  nding  o  rders  :  and  the  appointment  of  the  following  committees:—Finance,  fifteen;  Watch,  Lighting,  Fire-police,  and  Fire-prevention,  eighteen  ;  Improvement,  eleven  ;  Courts  of  Law,  nine  ;  'Mar 'Markets,  kets, 'Markets,  nine  ;  Education,  fifteen  ;  Gaol  and  House  of  Correction,  thirteen  •  Town-hall  Establishment,  eleven  ;  Health  Corn  mitten,  sixteen  ;  Gardens,  nine;  Church  Expenditure,  eight  ;  Observatory,  ten  ;  Water,  thirteen.;  Library  and  Museum,  fourteen  ;  Hackney  Carriage,  nine  ;  Shipbuilding  Committee,  ten;  and  Baths,  nine.  LECTI  7E  UPON  THE  GUNPOWDER  PLOT.  Last  night  the  Rex.  W.  F.  Taylor  delivered  a  lecture  upon  the  Gunpowder  Plot  at  the  Concert  Hall.  The  gal galleries,  leries, galleries,  body  of  the  hall,  and'  platform  were  densely  crowded.  Alderman  James  Parker  occupied  the  chair,  and  amongst  those  on  the  platform  were  the  Rev.  Messrs.  G.  Reade,  G.  L.  Ireland,  and  Wm.  B.  Mathias,  and  Messr.  S.  P.  Evans,  Geo.  Nickson.  T.  Gregory,  Ed.  Ford,  W.  Roul Roulston„  ston„ Roulston„  S:  P.  Williams,  T.  Warnal,  &amp;c•  &amp;c.  The  reverend  lecturer  detailed  the  eircumstances  and  events  attendant  upon  the  concoction  and  discovery  of  the  Gunpowder  Plot.  Which  he  contended  was  the  work  of  Jesuits  and  of  Roman  Catholics,  declaring  that  that  religion  was  and  ever  must  be  essentually  treasonable  in  every  Prostestant  state.  He  traced  the  history  of  England  from  that  period  down  to  the  acces accession  sion accession  of  William  the  Third,  and  the  introduction  of  the  Bill  of  Rights.  From  the  event  he-had  detailed  he  deduced  the  conclusion  that  the  Gunpowder  Plot  was  a  type  of  the  Ro Roman  man Roman  Church  and  calledupon  his  hearers  to  guard  their  families  against  that  Jesuitical  influence  which  was  now  as  ever•  endeavouring  to  undermine  the  British  constitution.  The  lecturer  was  several  times  interrupted  by  the  most  enthusias enthusiastic  tic enthusiastic  bursts  of  applause  and  peals  of  the  Kentish  fire.  A  vote  of  thanks  was  passed  amid  renewed  applause  to  the  rev.  lecturer,  upon  the  motion  of  Mr.  Nixon,  seconded  by  Rev.  M.  Ireland,  Thanks  was  also  voted,  upon  the  motion  of  Mr..  J.  B.  Williams,  seconded  by'  Mr.  Roulston  to  the  Chairman,  after  which  the  proceedings  terminated."
