text
"POLICE  COURTS.-SATURDAY,  LIVERPOOL  STEALING  CHEESE  :—llfargaret  Wilson  and  Elizabeth  Dunne,  two  young  women  in  factory  dresses,  were  charged  by  a  woman  named  Wilson,  of  Regent-road,  with  stealing  .  ,  half  a  cheese  from  her  shop,  and  with  continually  annoying annoyingher,  her, annoyingher,  she  being  a  lone  The  poor  woman  was  not  quite  sure  of  the  identity  of  these  prisoners,  but  she  knew  they  belonged  to  a  gang  of  plunderers.  They  were  also  known  to  police  ;  but  the  Magistrates  gave  them  the  benefit  of  the  doubt,  and  discharged  them.  AN  APPARITION  :—Catherine  Hughes,  from  remand,  was  brought  up  charged  with  being  found  concealed  in  a  house  No.  10,  Court,  Grafton-street.  On  the  7th  inst.,  John  Williams  swore  that  hearing  a  noise  in  the  dead  waste  and  middle  of  the  he  went  down  stairs,  and  saw  a  white  figure  in  his  sitting-room.  He  was  at  first  frightend,  aking  it  to  be  something  supernatural  ;  then  it  appeared  to  Lim  only  a  bewildered  mortal,  and  he  asked  it  what  it  wanted  here,  it  replied  pay  you  On  examining  the  place  he  foun  d  a  qual  - STYLE=superscript  411Y  of  wearing  apparel  packed  up  and  ready  for  a  flit  ;  he  then  supposed  it  must  have  got  in  through  the  teller  window  ;  but  whilst  pondering  on  these  matters,  the  apparition  vanished—and  ho  did  not  see  it  again  until  Catherine  Hughes,  in  proper  person,  was  brought  before  him  by  779,  when  be  recognized  her  as  an  old  neigh-  hour  in  the  flesh,  and  no  spirit  visitant.  He  said  to  the  Magistrates  he  did  not  wish  to  press  the  charge,  for  he  was  sure  it  all  arose  from  drink.  The  police  had  her  once  before  under.similar  circumstances,  she  being  drunk  at  the  time  too.  A  merciful  :view,.  of,  the.  ease  was  taken,  and  she,  was  dis discharged.  charged. discharged.  CTIABGE  OF  ASSAULT  ON  AN  OFFICER  AND  RESCUE.—  Officer  John  Webster,  said  that  between  two  and  three"
