text
"NORTH  LANCASHIRE  THE  PRESTON  CHRONICLE,  which  has  been  established  upwards  of  40  years,  has  a  large  circulation  among  all  classes  in  the  towns  of  Preston,  Blackburn,  atrwen,  Clitheroe,  Accrington,  Padiham,  Haslingden,  Fleetwood,  Kirkham,  Poulton,  Blackpool,  Lytham,  Garstang,  Lancaster,  Chor Chorley,  ley, Chorley,  Wigan,  Ormskirk,  Southport,  &amp;c.  &amp;c.,  as  well  as  among  the  agricultural  population  of  the  Fylde  and  'West  Lancashire,  and  the  magistracy  and  gentry  of  the  entire  county,  especially  among  those  of  the  northern  division.  The  Chronicle  is  thus  an  excellent  medium  for  advertisements,  which  are  inserted  on  moderate  terms,  the  wh,  le  amount  of  the  duty  being  allowed  to  the  public.  In  order  to  afford  facilities  to  a  large  class  whom  the  comparatively  high  prices  of  advertisements  have  hitherto  pi  ohibited  fromavailing  them themselves  selves themselves  of  the  best  way  of  making  their  wants  known,  an  advertise.  ment  in  the  newspaper  is  charged  only  Is.  6d.  for  advertisements  of  four  lines,  or  not  more  than  30  words  ;  and  2s.  for  eight  line,  or  60  words,  when  paid  in  advance.  The  scale  of-words  is  adopted  to  allow  persons  at  a  distance  to  accompany  thel  orders  for  advertise.  merits  with  remittances  of  postage  stamps.  Several  applications  hsvtng  been  made  for  a  scale  of  charges  for  small  advertisements  to  appear  weekly,  to  allow  of  tradesmen  and  others  keeping  their  addresses  or  other  announcements STYLE=superscript  regularly  before  the  public,  we  are  induced  to  adopt  the  following  very  low  seals  of  charges  for  such  advertisements,  when  paid  quarter  ly,  in  advance  los  for  13  insertlons  r  3  and  4  „  195  for  „  5  and  f;  „  7  and  8  „  igs  for  3  , STYLE=superscript  9  and  10  ~  ..  ......  22s  for  IP  11  and  12  Published  by  Dobson  and  Son,  Preston."
