text
"t  the  worknian  mount  was  debited  as  ag  the  23rd  of  April,  1845,  au  arrangement  plaintiff  and  defendant,  by  which  the  former  was  to  be  paid  303  a  week,  provided  a  certain  amount  of  work  was  done.  It  was  stated  that  this  agreement  was  never  acted  upon  by  the  defendant,  and  the  agreement  being  only  for  three  years,  it  would,  in  any  case,  have  been  void,  by  lapse  of  time.  In  January,  1853  it  was  said  there  was  a  balance  of  the  amount,  which  had  been  overpaid  to  the  defendant,  of  £22  is  3d,  which,  it  was  contended,  defendant  had  admitted  and  adopted  by  making  entries  of  other  items  in  the  same  book  into  which  the  balance  had  been  entered.  Since  1853  there  had  been  other  overpayments  made  which  together  made  up  the  amount  sought  to  be  recovered  in  the  present  action.  The  evidence  of  the  plaintiff  and  others  was  given  to  support  the  case.  Mr.  Brett  contended  that  the  action  was  altogether  a  trumped-up  one,  because  the  defendant  had  set  up  in  business  for  himself,  and  remarked  that  although  they  had  heard  a  great  deal  about  arbitrary  conduct  upon  the  part  of  workmen,  yet  when  agreements  came  to  be  committed  to  writing  they  found  that  such  men  as  Mr.  Samuels  always  took  care  to  have  the  advantage  upon  their  own  sides.  Evidence  having  been  given  en  the  part  of  the  defence,  the  jury  found  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff  for  the  full  amount  claimed.  1e  between  SNEADE  V.  STONE.-ThiS  was  an  action  brought  by  a  person  named  Craven  Berkeley  Sneade  against  George  Stone.  Mr.  Brett,  who  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  said  the  plaintiff  was  a  commission  agent,  and  the  defendant  a  publican.  It  would  appear  that  the  defendant  had  a  public publichouse,  house, publichouse,  in  which  his  daughter  was  living  with  him,  and  he  required  another  house  in  order  that  he  might  give  up  the  house  in  which  he  then  lived  to  his  daughter  to  set  up  for  herself,  and  he  himself  go  into  the  other  public-house.  He  therefore  employed  the  plaintiff  to  look  out  for  another  public-house  •  for  him.  The  plaintiff  did  look  out  for  some  time,  and  he  heard  of  a  house  called  the  Napier  Vau:ts,  kept  by  a  person  named  Murphy,  which  the  latter  was  willing  to  give  up.  He  de.cribed  the  house  to  the  defendant,  who  sent  his  wife  and  daughter  to  look  at  it,  and  the  latter  was  so  much  pleased  with  it  that  a  specific  engagement  was  made  that  the  plaintiff  should  get  the  house,  and  act  as  a  commission  agent  usually  does,  his  commission  to  be  410.  The  defendant  went  over  the  house,  made  out  an  inventory,  and  drew  up  an  agreement.  The  amount  originally  demanded  for  the  house  was  £250,  but  the  plaintiff  succeeded  in  getting  it  for  £230.  He  attended  the  licensing  session,  and  saw  the  licence  transferred  to  the  defendant,  who  accordingly  took  the  house,  and  had  it.  the  plaintiff  applied  for  the  commission  of  £lO,  bat  after  repeated  applications  it  was  not  paid,  and  the  present  action  was  accordingly  brought.  Mr.  Aspinall,  upon  the  part  of  the  defence,  proceeded  to  show  by  evidence  that  the  agree agreement  ment agreement  with  the  plaiutiff  was  to  the  effect  that  he  should  have  £lO  commission,  provided  he  effected  a  purchase  of  the  house  for  £2OO,  and  that  as  he  had  not  done  this,  he  was  not  entitled  to  recover.  It  was  also  stated  that  when  he  went  to  the  Napier  vaults  with  the  defendant's  wife  and  daughter,  Mrs.  Murphy  absolutely  declined  to  have  any  dealing  at  all  in  the  matter  if  Sneade  continued  in  it,  as  she  said  he  had  acted  unfairly  in  a  previous  instance  with  her  former  husband.  The  defendant,  George  Stone,  was  examined,  and  created  considerable  amusement  in  court  by  the  manner  in  which  he  gave  his  evidence.  In  the  first  instance,  he  persisted,  not notwithstanding  withstanding notwithstanding  the  repeated  interference  of  the  court,  in  kissing  the  book  before  a  word  of  the  oath  could  be  admin administered,  istered, administered,  and  at  every  new  reprimand  of  the  bench,  turning  to  the  learned  assessor  and  signifying  his  respect  by  pulling  one  of  the  locks  of  hair  on  his  forehead,  beading  his  head,  and  giving  the  peculiar  nautical  scrape  of  his  left  foot.  As  a  kind  of  explanation  of  these  performances,  Mr.  Aspinall  said  :  You  are  a  sailor,  I  believe  ?  Witness  .  Aye,  aye—  I'm  nothing  else.  (Laughter.)  The  witness  then  stated,  in  answer  to  Mt.  Aspinall,  that  he  never  promised  to  pay  plaintiff  £lO,  and  had  nothing  to  do  with  the  case  at  all— allin  in allin  his  own  words,  he  never  had  any  chat  at  all  about  it.  Mr.  Brett  You  paid  the  money  for  the  Napier  vaults  ?  Witness  .  I  did,  sir.  Mr.  Brett  :  Yo  u  d  ran  k  the'  beer  there  ?  No,  I  aidn't  drink  the  beer—l  drank  the  ale.  (Laughter.)  Mr.  Brett  :  Did  you  sign  any  agreement??  Witness  :No  I  never  bad  a  pen  in  my  fie..  (Laughter.)  Other  witnesses  having  also  been  called,  the  jury  found  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff  for  the  full  amount  claimed.  The  Court  :  It  seems  to  me  to  have  been  rather  a  bold  thing  to  deny  it.  (iGsroN  u.  JACKSON.—Mr.  Raffles  appeared  for  the  plaintiff  in  this  action,  and  Mr.  Crompton  Hutton  for  the  defendant.  The  plaintiff  was  a  woollen  merchant  in  Hud Huddersfield,  dersfield, Huddersfield,  and  the  defendant  a  tailor  and  draper  in  Crosshall  Street,  Liverpool.  The  action  was  brought  to  recover  £3O  153.  sd.  for  goods  ordered  at  different  times  from  the  plaintiff's  traveller  and  supplied,  No  defence  was  gone  into,  and  a  verdict  was  given  for  the  full  amount.  DiXON  AND  ANOTHEI,  V.  EILODIN.--ThlSPi7  an  action  brought  for  work  done  and  materials  supplied.  Mr.  Brett  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  fziimon  fur  the  defence.  The  plaintiff's  allegation  was  that  in  August  1854  they  were  employed,  being  joiners  and  builders,  by  the  defendant,  who  is  a  broker,  to  make  some  alterations  in  the  premises  of  the  latter,  which  amounted  to  £2B  93.  3d.  Of  that  amount  they  received  £2O  on  account.  Babequently  they  did  some  small  work  for  defendant,  amounting  to  £2  4s  2d.  This  latter  amount  was  paid  by  defendant  into  court,  and  tin  balance  of  £8  9s  3d,  claimed  by  plaintiff,  was  disputed.  On  the  part.of  the  defence,  it  was  contended  that  the  amount  claimed  was  an  overcharge,  and  that  £lB  would  have  been  sufficient  to  pay  for  the  work  done.  The  jury  found  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff  for  the  amount  claimed,  the  learned  assessor.  remarking  that  it  was  one  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  most  hopeless  defences  he  had  ever  known.  GREEN  V.  ROBINSON  AND  ANOTREIL—This  was  an  action  brought  to;  recover  damages  for  grievous  bodily  harm  done  to  the  plaintiff,  in  consequence  of  alleged  neglect  and  careless  conduct  upon  the  part  of  the  defen defendants  dants defendants  in  the  case.  Mr.  M‘Donnell  opened  the  pleadings.  Mr.  Aspinall  said  :  The  plaintiff  in  this  case  was  a  little  boy,  only  nine  years  old,  the  son  of  a  labourer.  The  defendants  were  extensive,  and,  he  believed,  very  pros prosperous  perous prosperous  and,  wealthy  spirit  merchants,  wh  o  a  l  so  carr  i  e  d  on  a  retail  trade  in  this  town,  at  the  corner  of  St.  James'  street  and  Duncan  street.  The  action  was  brought  to  recover  damages  from  the  defendants  for  an  accident  of  the  most  serious  nature,  which  was  alleged  to  be  the  result  of  their  negligence  in  carrying  on  their  trade.  It  appeared  that  there  were  three  doors  to  these  premises,  projecting  into  the  street  further  than  the  windows  pro projected,  jected, projected,  and  between  the  doors  there  was  a  railing  along  the  wall  of  the  premises  fronting  to  the  street.  In  the  front  of  the  space  where  the  windows  were,  the  railings  constituted  a  small  recess  or  area  between  the  outer  wall  of  the  house  and  the  street.  The  defendants  were  in  the  habit  of  making  use  of  the  small  space,  which  would  be  shown  to  be  only  two  feet  six  iuches  for  storing  barrels.  The  length  of  the  barrels  from  end  to  end  would  be  shown  to  be  three  feet  nine  inches,  so  that  the  jury  would  observe  that  the  end  of  a  barrel  resting  on  the  rails  would  project  into  the  street  fifteen  inches.  The  little  boy  was  going  along  the  street  when  from  some  cause  or  other,  either  some  vibration  of  the  motion  going  on  in  the  street,  or  from  its  own  insecure  position,  the  one  of  the  barrels  tumbled  over,  fell  upon  the  boy,  and  broke:his  leg.  The  accident  was  of  such  a  serious  nature,  that  it  was  found  necessary  to  have  the  leg  am amputated.  putated. amputated.  The  child  was  in  the  hospital  still.  He  had  undergone  a  number  of  operations,  and  it  was  not  certain  that  another  would  not  have  to  be  performed,  while  as  far  as  regarded  the  question  of  mere  pain  and  suffering,  the  accident  was  one  of  a  most  serious  character.  Mr.  Aspinall  contended  at  some  length  that  the  defendants  were  responsible  for  the  accident  which  had  thus  resulted.  The  amount  of  damages  claimed  was  5001.  Witnesses  were  examined  to  ,show  that  the  accident  which  took  place  on  Sunday,  the  7th  of  October,  occurred  without  the  barrel  having  been  touched  by  the  boy  in  passing  under.  The  evidence  of  Mr.  Royston,  surgeon,  was  given  to  show  the  nature  and  extent  of  the  injuries.'  Mr.  Brett,  on  behalf  of  the  defendants,  denied  that  the  accident  was  caused  by  their  negligence,  and  that  the  manner  in  which  the  barrels  were  placed,  was  the  manner  in  they  had  always  been  placed  withlsafety  up  to  that  time.  The  jury  returned  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff,  damages  2501.  The  court  adjourned  soon  after  half-past  six  The  Vienna  correspondent  .  of  the  Frankfort  Post  Gazette  writes,  on  the  Ist  inSta.nt,  that  the  hopes  of  peace  raised  by  Ceunt  Esterhaiy's  mission  had  - STYLE=superscript  suddenly  dis disappeared..  appeared.. disappeared..  No  one  knows  why  the  accumulation  of  large  bodies  of  troops  - STYLE=superscript  in'BeSsarabia  is  regarded  as  a  proof  that  Russia  will  energetically  oppose  any  diminution  of  territory:  _  _  A  correspondent  writes  from  Sebastopol,  Dec.  24  :  One  of  the  five  celebrated  dry  docks  was  demolished  by  the  French  on  the  22nd  ultimo,  by  the  explosion  of  mines.  The  blast  almost  instantaneously  reduced  the  massive  fabric  into  a  ruined  heap  of  stones.  In  addition  to  this  the  French  have  'to  destroy  another  dry  dock:  Arrangements  have  been  made  for  firing  the  English  mines  by  a  voltaic  . STYLE=superscript  battery.  The STYLE=superscript  Fr STYLE=superscript  ench  mines  were  fired  by  means  Alf  trains  'of  laid STYLE=superscript  g  u STYLE=superscript  np  ow STYLE=superscript  der  and  fusees:  Report  says,  that  all  the  preparations  will  be  completed  for  the  demolition  of  the.  three  docks  to  he  deatroyed  by  the  E  n  glish  in  the  course  of  a  week  from  the  p  resent  date.h  e  weather  has  been  much  milder  si  nce  t  h  e  l  ast  mail  T STYLE=superscript  left.  It  has  only  been  after  sunset  that  the  temper temperature  ature temperature  has  reached  :the  freezing  point.  Great  prepar  1-•  tions  arc  being  made  in  the  British  camp  to  celebrate  Christmas.  The  wire  from  - STYLE=superscript  the  monastery  of  St.  George  to  Varna  is  not  likely  to  be  again._  ready  for  work  till  the  end  of  February  or  commencement  of  March.  The  breakage  has  been  found  to  be  about  twenty-five  miles  this  side  of  Varna."
