text
"MEDICAL  GALVANISM,  OR  VOLTAIC  ELECTRICITY.—An  entire  change  in  the  admi administretion  nistretion administretion  of  this  important  auxiliary  to  the  curative  art,  based  upon  scientific  principles  and  extensive  practice,  in  the  method  used  by  Mr.  W.  D.  BELLHOUSE,I7.  Pembroke-place,  Liverpool,  who  has,  for  many  years,  devoted  his  attention  to  devel9p  the  medical  appli•  cability  of  the  se  ence  or  Electricity  and  Magnetism.  Read  his  pamphlet,  which  may  be  had,  post  free,  for  two  postige  stamps,  by  addressing  NV.  1).  BELLnousz,  Medical  Galvanist,  17,  Pembroke Pembrokeplace,  place, Pembrokeplace,  Liverpool.  Mr.  litsf.Lnouse  often  finds  that  the  chief  cause  of  unsuccess  is  to  be  attributed  to  the  use  of  the  common  small  apparatuses,  which  he  does  not  recommend  for  medical  use.  Galvanic  Apparatuses  of  all  kinds  are  made  and  repaired.  THE  LEEDS  TIMES.  INCREAS  E  OF  CIRCULATION  —averaging  from  9,000  to  10,000  Copies  Weekly.  rjThe  LEEDS  TIMES  is  now  at  the  head  of  all  the  Yorkshire  weekly  journals,  one  of  the  best  family  papers,  and  an  excellent  medium  for  advertisements.  P.S  —Copy  forwarded  on  receipt  of  four  stamps,  NORTH  LANCASHIRE.  THE  PRESTON  CHRONICLE,  which  has  been  established  upwards  of  40  years,  has  a  large  circulation  among  all  classes  in  the  towns  of  Preston,  Blackburn,  Darwen,  Clitheroe,  Accrington,  Padiham,  Haslingden,  Fleetwood,  Kirkham,  Poulton,  Blackpool,  Lytham,  Garstang,  Lancaster,  Chor Chorley,  ley, Chorley,  Wigan,  Ormskirk,  Southport,  &amp;c.  &amp;c.,  a  , STYLE=superscript  well  as  among  the  agricultural  population  of  the  Fylde  and  West  Lancashire,  and  the  magistracy  and  gentry  of  the  entire  county,  especially  among  those  of  the  northern  division.  The  Chronicle  is  thus  an  excellent  medium  for  advertisements,  which  are  inserted  on  moderate  terms,  the  whsle  amount  of  the  duty  being  allowed  to  the  public.  In  order  to  afford  ,  facilities  to  a  large  class  whom  the  comparatively  high  prices  of  advertisements  have  hitherto  prohibited  from  availing  them themselves  selves themselves  of  the  best  way  of  making  their  wants  known,  an  advertise advertisement  ment advertisement  in  the  newspaper  is  charged  only  Is.  6d.  for  advertisements  of  four  lines,  or  not  more  than  30  words;  and  2s.  for  e'ght  lines,  or  60  words,  when  paid  in  advance.  The  scale  of  words  is  adopted  to  allow  persons  at  a  distance  to  accompany  their  orders  for  advertise.  ments  with  remittances  of  postage  stamps.  Several  applications  having  been  made  for  a  scale  of  charges  for  small  advertisements  to  appear  weekly,  to  allow  of  tradesmen  and  others  keeping  their  addresses  or  other  announcements  regularly  before  the  public,  we  are  induced  to  adopt  the  following  very  low  scale  of  charges  for  such  advertisements,  when  paid  quarterly,  in  advance  2  lines  ..lf's  for  13  insertions  13  and  4  „  l3s  for  5  and  6  „  ..  ..  1  6  s  f  or  It STYLE=superscript  f  I  7  and  8  „  igs  for  „  9  and  10  „  11  and  12  „  .....  25s  fur  fl.  Published  by  Dobson  and  Son.  Preston."
