text
"DISTRII3EIVON  OF  PRIZES  AT  THE  COLLEGIATE  INSTITUTION.  Yesterday  the  half-yearly  distribution  of  prizes  to  the  suc successful  cessful successful  scholars  in  the  Collegiate  Institution,  took  place  in  the  theatre  of  the  institution  at  12  o'clock.  The  Rev.  Rec Rector  tor Rector  CA➢LPBELL  occupied  the  chair,  and  there  was  a  large  at attendance  tendance attendance  of  the  parents  and  friends  of  the  boys.  Amongst  those  present  we  noticed  the  Rev.  Dr.  M'Neile,  Rev.  Mr.  Went,  Rev.  Mr.  Anderson,  Rev.  Dr.  Hume,  and  Rev.  Mr,  Humphries,  Mr.  T.  B.  Horsfall,  M.P.,  Mr.  W.  Brown,  M.P.,  Mr.  J.  Booker,  Mr.  A.  Hodgson,  Mr.  J.  Rawdon,  Mr.  D.  Ramsey,  Mr.  J.  Campbell,  Mr.  J.  Procter,  Mr.  W.  Dawson,  Mr.  R.  Aked,  Mr.  W.  Jones,  Mr.  J.  Tyrer,  Mr.  Walker,  Mr.  Alderman  Cooper,  Mr.  J.  R.  Rounthwaite,  and  the  principal  and  masters  of  the  institution.  The  business  of  the  day  was  opened  by  singing  the  hal hallelujah  lelujah hallelujah  chorus,  after  which—  The  CHAIRMAN  rose  and  spoke  as  follows  :  My  dear  young  friends,—l  am  glad  to  meet  you  again  at  this  our  semi semiannual.  annual. semiannual.  festival  ;  and,  having  met  you  so  often  before,  will  not  trouble  you  or  your  friends  with  any  lengthened  observations.  We  meet  on  the  present  occasion,  I  am  happy  to  say,  in  a  much  higher  state  of  worldly  prosperity  than  we  met  this  time  last  year.  Last  year  we  owed  £B,OOO  ;  this  year,  I  believe  I  may  say,  we  no  not  owe  a  farthing.  (Loud  cheers.)  I  wish  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer  could  meet  the  House  of  Commons  next  month  with  a  similar  statement,  and  say  to  them,—Last  year,  we  owed  £800,000,000,  this  year  we  owe  nothing.  But  that,  I  fear,  would  involve  repudiation.  In  other  respects,  also,  we  are  in  a  prosperous  condition;  and  one  pleasing  mark  of  our  prosperity  is,  that  the  aggregate  numbers  in  the  day  schools  have  continued  to  rise,  being  now  nearly  720,  instead  of  only  460  in  1847.  (Applause.)  One  advantage  of  the  extinc extinction  tion extinction  of  our  debt  will  be,  that  we  shall  be  able  to  apply  our  surplus  income  (for,  like  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  we  shall  have  a  surplus  income,  though  not  quite  so  large  as  his)  to  improve,  by  various  means,  the  education  given  in  our  schools;  and  you  know  what  I  mean  by  education— educationnot  not educationnot  merely  learning,  but  learning  rounded  upon  and  inter interwoven  woven interwoven  with  religion;  and  by  religion  I  do  not  mean  mere  theology,  mere  talk,  about  God,  as  John  Ruskin  expresses  it,  but  the  binding  or  training  to  God's  I  cor cordially  dially cordially  agree  with  this  writer,  who  is  considered  somewhat  paradoxical,  but  in  whose  paradoxes  I  find  sometimes  more  wisdom  than  is  dreamed  of  in  other  men's  philosophy,  that  it  is  a  great  leading  error  of  modern  times  to  mistake  erudition  for  he  says,  the  leading  human  souls  to  what  is  best,  and  making  what  is  best  out  of  them;  and  these  two  objects  are  always  attain attainable  able attainable  together,  and  by  the  same  means  :  the  training  which  makes  men  happiest  in  themselves,  also  makes  them  most  serviceable  to  others.  The  cry  for  education  is  a  wise  and  sacred  cry,  provided  it  be  extended  into  one  for  the  educa education  tion education  of  all  classes,  with  definite  respect  to  the  work  which  each  man  has  to  do,  and  the  substance  of  which  he  is  made  ;  but  it  is  a  .  foolish  and  a  vain  c  r  y,  if  it  b  e  un  d  erstoo  d  ,  as  i  n  the  plurality  of  cases  it  is  meant  to  be,  for  the  expression  of  a  mere  craving  after  knowledge,  irrespective  of  the  simple  purposes  of  the  life  that  now  is,  and  the  blessings  of  the  life  that  is  to  come.  It  is  well  to  make  a  youth  acquainted  with  the  powers  of  the  Greek  particles,  but  better  to  make  him  acquainted  with  the  powers  of  nature  and  of  God.  It  is  useful  to  show  him  how  the  syllables  are  fitted  in  a  tragic  metre,  but  more  useful  to  show  him  how  the  great  universe  rolls  upon  its  course  in  heaven.  It  is  advi advisable  sable advisable  for  him  to  be  fixed  in  the  principles  of  syntax,  but  more  advisable  for  him  to  be  fixed  in  the  principles  of  the  Christian  faith.  Such  is  the  education  you  will  get  in  the  Collegiate  Institution,  and  as  such  I  bid  it  God  speed.  (Loud  applause.)  The  Rev.  Mr.  HowsoN,  the  principal,  then  said  :  I  am  happy  to  say,  in  conformity  with  the  principles  upon  which  those  schools  are  founded,  and  to  which  our  chairman  has  so  happily  alluded,  the  most  vigorous  competition  this  year  has  been  to  get  divinity  prizes.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  never  knew  examinations  which  were  attended  with  so  much  difficulty  to  the  examiners,  and  I  may  say  this  for  myself  with  regard  to  the  upper  school,  'and  Mr.  Parry,  who  examined  the  mid middle  dle middle  school,  and  Mr.  Ellisson,  who  examined  the  lower  school schoolboys,  boys, schoolboys,  had  the  same  difficulty.  We  found  it  extremely  difficult  to  decide  the  prizes  ;  but  at  last  they  were  decided  to  our  satisfaction.  The  rev.  gentleman  then  commenced  reading  the  list  of  prizes,  and  as  each  boy's  name  was  called,  he  as ascended  cended ascended  the  platform  by  means  of  a  staircase  leading  from  the  centre  to  the  body  of  the  hall,  and  received  his  prize  from  the  hands  of  the  chairman.  The  following  is  the  list  of  prizes  :  UPPER  SCHOOL  PRIZES:  SPECIAL  PRIZES.—Senior  divinity  medal  :  J.  H.  Rawdon:  certificates,  Wainwright  and  Widdowson.  Senior  historical  medal  :  Lafone,  transferred  to  G.  Rawdon.  Senior  mathe mathematical  matical mathematical  medal  :  Widdowson.  CLASS  PRIZES.-Ist  class  :  J.  H.  Rawdon  :  certificate,  P.  Arthur.  2nd  class  :  G.  Rawdon,  transferred  to  Walker.  3rd  class  :  classical  —Booker  and  Caw  equal  :  certificate,  Edwards  :  modern—Mitchell:  certificate,  Johnson.  4th  class  :  classical,  Cooper  :  certificate,  Pater  :  modern,  Tatham.  sth  class  :  Rounthwaite  :  certificates,  Brown  and  Conor.  Gth  class  :  Went  :  certificate,  Jeffrey.  Preparatory  classes.  —7th  :  Tarbet  :  certificates,  Carpenter,  also  E.  P.  Jones,  for  arithmetic).  Bth  :  T.  Lockett  .  certificates,  Young,  also  Sole,  for  writing.  Lower  Bth  :  Makin  :  certificate,  Minton.  Principal's  prize  :  J.  H.  Rawdon.  Old  pupil's  prize  :  D.  Shaw.  EXTRA  PRIZES.—Given  by  Mr.  Underwood  :  Bristow,  Brown,  and  W.  Aked.  Given  by  Mr.  Porter  :  Sinker,  T.  Bartlett,  Jeffrey,  jun.,  and  Pater.  Given  by  Mr.  Hiley  :  Michod.  Given  by  Mr.  Sadler  :  Johnson,  and  R.  Jones  :  certificate,  Mitchell.  Given  by  Mr.  Sears  :  Walker  :  cer certificates,  tificates, certificates,  Pater,  Booker,  Clough,  Jeffrey,  sen.,  H.  Rawdon,  and  Hodson.  Given  by  the  principal  :  Pater  :  certificates,  Huson,  R.  Aked,  and  F.  Jeffrey.  MIDDLE  SCHOOL  PRIZES.  — STYLE=superscript  SPECIAL  PRlZES.—Divinity  medal  :  R.  Worthington  ;  certificate,  Winsor.  Nomination  to  upper  school  :  B.  W.  Wilson.  Historical  and  geographical  medal  :  W.  Swit  ;  certificate,  J.  F.  Brunn.  Mathematical  prize  :  B.  W.  Wil Wilson  son Wilson  ;  certificates,  M'Master,  Newlands,  Johnson,  Storey,  Gath,  W.  Eckersley.  French  medal  .  E.  T.  Brunn  ;  cer certificates,  tificates, certificates,  M'Master,  A.  Eckersley.  Drawing  medal  :  Bou Boustead  stead Boustead  ;  certificates,  W.  Wilson,  Buttomley,  T.  Swift,  R.  J.  Clayton.  Penmanship  medal  :  Christian.  certificates,  W.  Swift,  Jordan,  Robinson,  0.  P.  Clayton,  W.  Eckersley,  D.  Holmes,  Braithwaite.  Class  PRIZES.-Ist  class,  Potter  scholarship:  Broster  ;  certificate  E.  P.  Arthur.  2nd  class,  prize  of  books:  Roger Rogerson  son Rogerson  ;  certificate,  M'Master.  3rd  class,  prize  of  books  ;  C.  Nicholson  ;  certificate,  J.  Nicholson.  Fourth  clas  s  ,  p  r  iz  e  o  f  books  :  Pearson  ;  certificate,  Coughtry.  Fifth  class,  prize  of  books  :  Crowe  ;  certificate,  Gath.  6th  class,  prize  of  books  :  Brock  ;  certificate,  W.  Eckersley.  7th  class,  prize  of  books  :  Andrew  •  certificate,  H.  Holmes.  Bth  class,  prize  of  books  :  T.  L.  iones  ;  certificate,  T.  P.  Lewis.  Principal's  prizes  :  Archer  and  Swindon.  French  master's  prize  :  H.  Carter.  Mr.  J.  H.  Coes  prizes  :  Crowe  and  Brock.  Princi Principal's  pal's Principal's  prizes  :  D.  Dunlop  and  W.  Swift."
