text
"CHESTER  Adl  i STYLE=superscript  tilliN  MEETING  TUESDAY,  OCTOBER  4  For  the  October  meeting  this  v STYLE=superscript  ear  a  ,nost  inviting  pro•  gramme  had  been  published  by  Mr.  E.  W.  Topham,  the  clerk  of  the  course.  The  nominations  are  the  best  eve]  known  for  autumn  races,  and  th  e  course  was  i  n  exce  ll  e  n  running  order.  The  weather,  however,  yesterday,  prove(  unpropitious,  and  with  very  little  intermission,  rain  fel  during  the  whole  of  the  day.  Still  there  was  a  tolerable  at:  tendauce  of  the  sporting  community,  and  the  Roodee  although  not  in  its  brightest  colours,  and  without  the  radi•  anew  of  the  sun,  looked  sufficiently  gay.  -  Mr.  Hubbard  wa!  the  starter,  and  Mr.  R.  Johnson,  of  York,  officiated  as  judge  in  place  of  Mr.  White,  of  Nantwich.  The  first  race  started  punctually  at  a  quarter-past  two,  and  the  whole  proc  ee  di  ng  for  the  day  were  over  by  six  o'clock.  The  Stewards  tbit  year,  are  the  Marquis  of  Waterford,  Viscount  Clifton,  and  C.  Greville,  Esq.,  M.P.  A  HANDICAP  SWEEPSTAKES  of  5  sow.  each,  with  50  sons.  added  by  the  Grand  Stand  Proprietors,  for  two  years'  old,  The  whiner  to  be  sold  for  £lOO  in  the  usual  way  quarters  of  a  mile.-15  subs.  6  10  Mr.  Copeland's  bl  f  Sister  to  Maid  of  Delamere  Wells  1  d  Mr.  T.  Parr  i STYLE=superscript  s  b  f  Mary  •  Charlton  2  Even  on  Mary  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  oto  4  against  the  others.  Mary  took  the  lead  for  the  first  fifty  yards,  when  Sister  to  Maid  of  Delamere  went  up,  and  maintained  her  position  to  the  end,  running  by  half  a  length  ;  same  between  second  and  third.  The  Snonz's  HANDICAP  of  10  sous.  each  h.  ft.,  with  50  SOTS,  added  by  the  Proprietors  of  the  Dee  Stands,  for  all  ages.  Seven  fitrlongs.=3l  subs.  7  2  Lord  Caledon's  b  c  Kiteflyer,  4  yrs.  .  .  .  Wells  1  4  12  Mt,  E,  It.  Clarke's  ch  c  Punch  Box,  2  yrs.  Bumby  2  Pa,strycook,  Osbaldeston,  The  Surveyor,  The  General,  Miss  Agnes  and  Eliza,  also  ran.  3  to  1  each,  against  Kiteflyei,  Punch  Box,  and  The  General  ;  4to  1  each,  against  Eliza  and  The  Surveyor.  General  led  to  the  two-year-old  Post,  when  Surveyor  and  Eliza  passed  him;  Kiteflyer  then  began  to  creep  up;  and  won,  very  easily  by  a  length  ;  three  lengths  between  second  and  third.  The  SELLING  STAKES  of  5  sovs.  each,  with  30  sovs.  added.  Three  years  old,  9st,  four  9st  21b,  five  9st  91b.  six  and  aged  9st  121  b.;  mares  and  geldings  allowed  21b.  Once  rthind  and  a  distance.  Mr.  oddard'd  b  c  Priam  the  Third.  4yrc...  Mr.  Taylor  nas  ch  f  Lady-inzWaiting,  4yrs  ...Ashman  1  No  Chance,  The  Dog  Tray,  and  Truegirl,  also  ran.  Won  by  half-a-length.  ..  _  .  5  to  4  amst  ° STYLE=superscript  Priam  the  Third,  2  to  1  agst  tadvin-Wait tadvin-Waiting,  ing, tadvin-Waiting,  and  to  1  agst  each  of  the  others.  No  Chance'  went  off  first.  At  the  workhouse  turn,  Truegirl  came  in  advance,  but  was  headed  at  the  Grosvenor  Bridge  by  Priam  the  Third,  who  won  his  race  cleverly.  The  winner  was  sold  for  65  guineas.  The  INKEEPER'S  PLATE  [Handicap)  of  70sovs.  Grosivenor  6  6  Mr.  Leach's  bl  o  Master  Slender,  4yrs..  Cliffe  1  5  0  Mr.  Cowell's  b  f  Effie  Deans,  3yrs  Bundy  2  Larrywheut,  May  Day,  Madeline,  and  Game  Tommy  also  ran.  Won  easy.  6to  4  a  g  st  May  Day,  3to  1  agst  Game  Tommy,  3to  1  agst  Effie  beaus  4to  1  agst  Lerrywheut,  and  sto  1  agst  the  winner.  Master  Slender  jumped  off  first,  was  passed  at  the  Ship-yard  by  Effie  Deans,  who  took  a  long  lead,  but  was  again  headed  at  the  distance  by  Master  Slen Slender,  der, Slender,  who  won  by  a  length.  Two  between  second  and  third.  —Wells  fined  for  riding  in  wringcolours,  Game  Tommy  carried  51bs  over  weight  -- STYLE=superscript  ;  Madeline,  21bs.  The  MosTyN  STAKES  of  10sovs.  each,  h.  ft.,  with  40sovs.  added,  for  two  and  three  years  old.  Three  quarters  of  a  .  mile.-16  subs.  Mr.  Meiklam's  bl  c  Stiletto,  2yrs.  .  .  Alcroft  1  Mr.  Coote's  b  c  Eta  by  Cowl—Zeta's  dam,  2yrs..Charlton  3  Mr.  French's  ch  f  Vaultress,  3yrs.  .  5t04  on  Vaultress.  Won  by  a  length.  There  is  great  excitement  among  snorting  gents  with  re respect  spect respect  to  the  race  for  the  Chester  Handicap,  with  63  subs,  which  will  come  off  to-morrow,  and  will  doubtless  be  a  good  race,  particularily  if  the  `weather  should  prove  favourable."
