text
"ACTION  TO  RECOVER  POSSESSION'  OF  HER  MAJESTY'S  THEATRE.  In  the  Ball  Court,  on  Tuesday,  before  Mr.  Justice  Erle,  an  action  was  brought  against  Mr.  Lumley,  the  well-known  lessee  and  manager  of  her  Majesty'  s  Theatre,  to  recover  possession  of  the  Opera  House.  There  were  several  plain plaintiffs  tiffs plaintiffs  joined  in  action—Mr.  Hughes,  an  attorney  at  Worces Worcester  ter Worcester  ;  Messrs.  Lyon  and  Barnes,  attorneys  in  London  ;  and  Mr.  Storer,  a  gentleman  of  fortune,  who  had  all  advanced  money  to  Mr.  Lumley  at  different  times  to  carry  on  the  theatre.  Each  of  these  persons  had  recovered  judgments  against  Mr.  Lumley,  and  proceedings  were  taken  by  them  by  elegit,  as  it  is  called,  in  order  to  recover  possession  of  the  Opera  House,  of  which  Mr.  Lumley  had  a  long  lease.  The  plaintiff's  case  consisted  in  putting  in  the  judgments  and  the  registration  thereof,  and  the  issue  of  the  inquisition  of  digit,  and  the  sheriff's  return.  As  various  very  important  questions  of  law  were  subsequently  raised  in  the  case,  the  dates  became  important  ;  and  it  appeared  that  Mr.  Hughes  had  recovered  a  judgment  for  1,1431.  10s.  on  the  10th  of  August,  1852.  This  judgment  was  registered  with  the  Senior  Master  of  the  Common  Pleas  on  the  same  day,  and  on  the  11th  it  was  registered  in  Middlesex,  and  the  writ  to  the  sheriff  was  issued  on  the  4th  of  November.  Mr.  Storer's  judgment  was  for  2,5691.,  on  the  22nd  of  July,  1852,  and  was  registered  on  the  22nd  of  July  at  the  Common  Pleas;  on  the  4th  of  January  it  was  registered  in  Middlesex  and  the  writ  issued  to  the  sheriff  the  same  day.  Messrs.  Lyon  and  Barnes's  judgment  was  on  the  18th  of  September,  1852,  for  22,4821.  16s.  2d;  was  registered  in  the  Common  Pleas  the  18th  of  December,  1852,  in  Middlesex  on  the  20th  of  December,  1852,  and  the  writ  lodged  the  same  day.  The  writs  remained  at  the  sheriff's  office  till  the  26th  of  January,  1853,  when  they  were  all  executed.  The  inquisition  was  in  the  common  form,  and  possession  of  the  Opera  House  was  awarded  to  Hughes  under  the  eligit  until  his  judgment  was  satisfied  ;  it  was  then  awarded  to  Storer  to  hold  subject  to  the  interest  of  Hughes,  and  as  to  Lyon  and  Barnes,  return  was  made  that  the  sheriff  could  not  deliver  possession  to  them,  as  it  had  already  been  awarded  to  Hughes  and  Storer.  Upon  these  judgments  and  proceed proceedings  ings proceedings  the  present  action  was  brought  ;  and  it  was  contended  that  one  other  of  the  plaintiffs  was  entitled  to  recover  pos possession,  session, possession,  Hughes  being,  as  it  was  contended,  the  person  entitled  to  priority.  Mr.  Noggins  submitted,  first,  that  Hughes  was  not  en en-tared  -tared en-tared STYLE=superscript  to  recover;  Storer's  judgment  was  the  first  registered.  If  that  were  so,  the  award  of  possession  by  the  sheriff  to  Hughes  was  inoperative  ;  and  so  Hughes  had  no  right  to  re recover.  cover. recover.  Then,  also,  as  to  Lyon  and  Barnes,  they  had  no  title  at  all  to  recover,  as  no  possession  had  been  awarded  to  them  by  the  sheriff.  Mr.  Justice  Erle  directed  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff  Hughes,  with  leave  to  Mr.  Hoggins  to  enter  a  verdict  for  the  defendant,  or  vary  it  according  to  the  rights  of  the  parties.  Mr.  Hogging  then  said  that,  as  to  Mr.  Hughes,  there  was  another  answer,  that  the  contract  on  which  the  judgment  was  iecovered  was  usurious,  and  so  void,  under  the  statute  of  the  12th  Anne,  chap.  16,  being  for  more  than  £5  per  cent.  per  annum  on  the  security  of  lands.  The  advance  made  by  Mr.  Hughes  was  £l,OOO,  and  the  instrument  securing  it  was  a  warrant  of  attorney  for  £1,140,  and  the  security  of  the  lease  was  referred  to.  Mr.  Hughes,  the  plaintiff,  was  called  to  prove  the  amount  of  the  advance,  but  on  cross-examination  he  stated  that  the  advance  had  been  made  under  an  agreement  in  writing  ;  on  which  a  discussion  took  place  as  to  whether  a  notice  to  pro-  _  -  OOLICO  to  1.  duce,  served  on  the  defendant,  was  sufficient  to  call  on  him  to  produce  the  agreement,  or  enable  the  defendant  to  give  secondary  evidence  of  it.  Mr.  Justice  Erle  said  the  question  raised,  of  whether  a  transaction  of  this  kind  was  usury  or  not,  was  a  very  im important  portant important  one,  and  had  lately  been  before  Vice-Chancellor  Kindersley,  in  the  case  of  Lane  v.  Horlock.  He  thought  it  best,  therefore,  to  admit  the  evidence,  subject  to  the  opi opinion  nion opinion  of  the  Court  whether  it  was  admissible  or  not,  under  the  notice  to  produce.  Mr.  Hughes  was  then  examined,  and  admitted  that  the  transaction  was  as  had  been  stated  ;  that  after  paying  tra travelling  velling travelling  and  other  expenses,  he  would  have  been  entitled  to  more  than  £5  per  cent.  on  the  advance  out  of  the  £1,140.  Mr.  Hoggins  then  said  there  was  a  third  defence  as  to  Hughes,  namely,  that  his  judgment  had  been  satisfied  by  payment.  He  then  called  for  an  agreement,  which  was  pro produced,  duced, produced,  which  set  forth  an  agreement  by  Hughes  to  transfer  all  his  interest  in  the  Opera  House,  under  his  judgment,  to  Mr.  Gye  for  a  sum  of  £5,000,  which  had  been  paid.  by  Mr.  Gye  to  Mr.  Hughes,  and  therefore  it  was  contended  that  his  judgment  for  £1,140  was  satisfied;  and  so  all  his  in interest  terest interest  under  his  judgment  was  paid  and  satisfied.  Mr.  Hughes  admitted  that  he  had  received  the  £5,000,  but  stated  that  he  had  paid  upwards  of  £3,000  for  ground  rent  and  other  matters,  and  was  liable  for  the  accruing  rent;  he  also  said  that  he  had  been  called  on  to  repay  the  £5,000,  on  the  ground  that  he  had  not  delivered  up  possession  of  the  Opera  House  to  Mr.  Gye.  For  the  plaintiff,  Mr.  Hughes,  it  was  contended  that  the  agreement  put  in  was  a  mere  agreement  for  a  lease,  and  did  not  at.  all  affect  the  question,  and  that  the  judgment  was  still  unsatisfied.  Mr.  Justice  Erie  was  at  first  inclined  to  think  th.pavTant  z.  oi  Lou  u,oot,  balaJlieU  ue  juuguleuL  of  a  1  .  gus  ;  after  reading  the  a  g  reement,  his  lordship  said  that  he  thought  it  was  not  intended  by  the  agreement  that  Hughes's  interest  should  be  absolutely  determined,  for  if  so  Gye  would  then  lose  his  interest.  Is  w  Ls-a  - STYLE=superscript  Ovum  4xx  -mat  veruict  S110111(1  be  taKen  tor  the  plaintiff  Hughes,  subject  to  leave  reserved  to  Mr.  Hog Hoggins  gins Hoggins  to  move  to  enter  it  for  the  defendant  on  the  points  raised,  or  turn  the  questions  into  a  special  case.  Verdict  accordingly.  THE  STRIKES  IN  THE  MANUFACTURING  DISTRICTS.  BURNLEY.  At  Burnley,  the  masters  at  each  mill  were  accessible  to  their  workpeople  on  Saturday  morning,  and  many  of  the  operatives  sought  interviews.  It  was  found  that  great  numbers  were  already  in  a  state  of  much  destitution,  and  were  ready  to  give  up  all  connexion  with  the  combinations,  but  still  the  employers  are  of  opinion  that  any  attempt  to  re-open  their  mills  at  present  would  be  premature.  The  employers'  first  meeting  after  the  close  of  the  mills,  does  not  take  place  for  some  days.  BACITP.  At  Bacup  the  operatives  have  been  peaceable.  No  over overtures  tures overtures  have  been  made  by  the  people  to  induce  the  employers  to  re-open  their  mills,  which  there  is  a  talk  of  keeping  closed  for  three  months,  unless  trade  should  very  much  improve.  The  stocks  of  goods  on  hand  in  that  neighbourhood  are  very  large,  and  if  the  operatives  and  their  employers  were  reconciled  to-morrow,  it  is  supposed  that  the  manufacturers  would  not  be  induced  to  run  their  machinery  more  than  three  days  per  week.  None  of  the  funds  subscribed  to  the  turn-outs  are  shared  either  by  the  people  at  Bacup  or  Burnley  ;  and  the  working-men's  committee,  on  whom  the  responsibility  devolves  of  causing  the  strike  at  Bacup,  have  literally  nothing  to  distribute  among  the  workpcople.  Since  the  strike,  they  have  only  been  able  to  di  v  id  e  l  s  .  4d.  p  er  head,  avid  that  dividend  exhausted  their  funds.  Some  of  them  go  out  singing  in  neighbouring  towns,  and  selling  ballads,  and  derive  a  miserable  pittance  by  begging  from  door  to  door."
