text
"ClaY  t° STYLE=superscript  111  0 STYLE=superscript  tlt STYLE=superscript  I  vOCat  il4 STYLE=superscript  Til  l STYLE=superscript  'those  0  London  ;  fret',  JO;  dO.;  a  nd  O  P STYLE=superscript  ,  dies  '&#34;  Itlit STYLE=superscript  ab  l STYLE=superscript  e  t  .  t  e  b  ie  _  o  the  subject.  I  came  here  at  the  request  of  your  kb  li  •aairrnan,  and  I  am  glad  that  I  have  the  opportunity  (h  a  i„,  e STYLE=superscript  l  to  express  my  acknowledgments  to  your  noble  (Il  ea  &#34;'L..  4 STYLE=superscript  ,  11 STYLE=superscript  as  one  of  the  greatest  reformers  of  the  age  t  e  r„  ‘'  that  ;  one  who  has  effected  the  most  practical  k4d  '  i STYLE=superscript  ims  that  I  am  aware  of,  it  required  a  peculiar  talent  r  oan  ,bouito  accomplish  these  reforms,  and  your  noble  chair chairtoft  toft chairtoft  4 STYLE=superscript  aB  done  much  to  cheer  the  heart  of  the  widow  and  ha  e  el STYLE=superscript  '  k  the  sorrows  of  the  orphan,  and  to  relieve  all  who  Nil`!,  e STYLE=superscript  en  in  distress—and  by  distress  I  mean  a  chancery  That  T  hat  a STYLE=superscript  'Llee  and  gentlemen.  (Hear,  hear,  cheers  and  laughter).  iafamous  institution  is  now  put  upon  a  right  level.  I  )  hear.)  I  cannot  express  my  feelings  of  gratitude,  but  wh  ieb  sttre  you  a  ll  sympat  hi  se  w  ith  me  in  .th  e  o  bli  ga  ti  ons  Rho  we  owe  to  ou  r  able  chairman  and  to  the  committee  t4i4uected  one  of  the  most  practical  blessings  and  reforms  (Ile  a  - STYLE=superscript  ,  ° STYLE=superscript  °  lll STYLE=superscript  €l  be  accomplished  even  in  our-  reforming  age.  Ptiti,  , STYLE=superscript  ,  hear,  and  cheers).  The  resolution  which  has  been  the  '  ‘  '  ° STYLE=superscript  ,my  hands  is  That  provident  habits  among  it  th:?  r STYLE=superscript  ldlig  classes  are  eminently  qualified  to  rase  them  re  qw  e STYLE=superscript  ir  position  in  This  is  a  resolution  which  pr  a  ;  i STYLE=superscript  fes  but  very  few  words  from  me  to  enforce  such  a  14'  41 STYLE=superscript  and  important  lesson  as  it  contains.,  I  am  t  t  i  c  fled  to  thi  n  k  t  h  a  t  th  e  c  h  ar  it  y  o  f  thi  s  age  h  as  of  l  a  t  e  it:lirather  a  wren..  direction.  I  require  to  feel  that  it  is  an  hen  all  of  u  s  feel  i STYLE=superscript  '  more  of  the  responsibilities  which  wes  le  a  `:  we  wh  o  h  ave  b  een  bl  esse  d  by  p  rov  id  en  ce  with  the  m  ean  i  k  ,,  l STYLE=superscript  ;  3 STYLE=superscript  g  to  the  lower  classes.  (Applause.)  But  I  am  afraid  t  t  P  f  .'e  often  att  em  pt  t  o  di  sc  h  ar  g  e  these  responsibilities  by  tt  oh  tn,g  down  large  sums  of  money  without  taking  the  Cue  to  see  h  ow  th  ese  sums  are  expended,  and  thinking  Ili;  by'  .  3'  the  magn  it  u  d  e  o  f  th  e  g  ift  they  would  pay  their  way  ‘'  he  n  ,  a STYLE=superscript  eaven  without  taking  the  trouble  to  go  there.  (Hear,  it  cheers,  and  laughter.)  I  think  we  have  a  little  erred  that  respect.  I  would  not  wish  to  check  charity  in  any  I  tt  /,;  but  I  think  we  have  a  little  erred  in  that  respect,  tha  Pp  .  '  4l. STYLE=superscript  e  endeavoured  to  support  the  poor  instead  of  elevating  !Quad  enabling  them  to  support  themselves.  (Applause.)  tl  kf  '',ve  a  little  destroyed  the  self-reliance,  the  self-respect self-respect,  , self-respect,  V  e STYLE=superscript  ling  which  is  the  basis  of  all  that  is  good  and  great,  kh‘ever  by  which  you  can  help  the  poor  to.  raise  them theme,  e, theme,  (Applause.)  Gentlemen,  I  am  a  leveller.  (Loud  (CC.)  Yes,  I  am  ;  but  not  by  wishing  to  pull  clown.  a  of  hear  hear,  and  renewed  applause.)  I  have  no  to  be  pulled  down  myself,  nor  would  I  wish  to  pull  htli:'  ally  of  those  who  are  elevated  above  me  ;  because  I  S  1  ;:e  with  the  happy  constitution  which  is  established  here  ti  t  t.''ve  greater  freedom  and  greater  happiness  than  any  N'tutions  I  know  of  in  the  world.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  is  b  ,  3 STYLE=superscript  :  1  ,11  seeking  our  institutions  that  we  shall  elevate  . STYLE=superscript  the  ?  1  •  1  ° STYLE=superscript  `trig  classes,  and  by  remembering  ti  at,  as  Philip  h  °N STYLE=superscript  s  once  said,  the  cream  rises  to  the  top  it  is  very  un un(l.l;lant  (l.l;lant un(l.l;lant  to  see  what  the  milk  should  be,  if  you  expect  good  lc°,  ladies,  for  your  tea.  (Laughter  and  applause.)  tht  o  ;  as  I  understand  the  object  of  this  meeting  it  is  to  io  n  'upon  the  poor  that  providence,  foresight,  and  k  b  - STYLE=superscript  ,'  . STYLE=superscript  which  will  enable  them  to  support  themselves  and  tr  ap  vide  against  the  day  of  distress.  There  is  not  perhaps  4  '  o STYLE=superscript  lamentable  thing  in  the  present  day,  whnn,  owing  to  IN  l'  Corn,  and  owing  to  plenty  of  employment  in  a  general  kt--there  always  will  be  persons  wanting  employment,  Il  i  ,  t STYLE=superscript  here  always  will  be  poor,  for  the  poor  you  shall  Y  3 STYLE=superscript  have  with  you  and,  so  it  will  be;  but  when  the  N  t  't  have  the  power  of  getting  liberal  wage!,and  with  lit  e  ,  l  e STYLE=superscript  licap  food  and  cheap  raiment,  the  condition  of  the  h  o  re  should  be  as  it  is.  What  is  the  condition  of  the  ty''  all  this  time  ?  Is  it  much  elevated  ?  Are  they  in  l STYLE=superscript  it',!  t STYLE=superscript  tdependent  position  in  which  they  ought  to  be  by  the  t,l';,  4l STYLE=superscript  ','s  of  Providence  -  which  have  been  bestowed  upon  4  t  .,  -;) STYLE=superscript  I  am  afraid  the  answer  should  be  in  the  negative.  ;  1., STYLE=superscript  ,  hear).  What  has  been  easily  got  has  been  too  easily  t`  l STYLE=superscript  ',:led,  and  when  the  rainy  day  comes  the  people  have  i  ,'  e STYLE=superscript  en  provided  either  in  great  coats  or  umbrellas.  -r STYLE=superscript  )  hear,  cheers  and  laughter).  Now,  as  I  understand  Y  is  i STYLE=superscript  lestion  of  this  evening,  it  simply  refers  to  insurance  tq  t  ::c  poor.  That  is,  I  believe,  the  object  of  the  meeting  lit  C  esPecially  A  more  righteous  object  cannot  well  be  S  , STYLE=superscript  Laken.  (Hear,  hear,  and  applause).  If  the  poor  have  v.liood—they  have  not  very  cheap  food  now—but  we  ts  r  it  will  come  again  ;  if  they  have  cheap  food  and  full  II  t,  ° STYLE=superscript  Yment,  they  may  lay  by  a  little  for  the  insurance  both  Veir  own  lives  and  the  lives  of  their  children,  and  Y  411 STYLE=superscript  .V  . STYLE=superscript  that  they  would  ensure,  that  in  time  of  old  age  when  ,n  ea STYLE=superscript  r  no STYLE=superscript  longer  work,  they  can  have  something  to,  live_  1  '  and  if  these  , STYLE=superscript  societies  are  so  formed  as  to  be  barely  ktnt'llerative  and  to  afford  full  security  for  the  money  laid  L.  ll  . STYLE=superscript  `,'  they  could  no  longer  work,  then  self-respect  would  111  -Ise STYLE=superscript  4 STYLE=superscript  indeed,  and  then  they  would  feel  the  blessing  that  N  ,Tabour,  that  then  labour  was  good  while  it  lasted,  .  111 STYLE=superscript  ',.ir  lt STYLE=superscript  :  i  e STYLE=superscript  ,n  it  could  no  longer  last  it  left  a  good  provision  for  :h  4  ,,  4  4,'  age  and  for  their  families.  (Hear,  hear).  I  am  nrk„  e STYLE=superscript  u-  to  have  trespassed  upon  you  with  these  few  re re'4a4  '4a4 re'4a4  i;  Coming  so  hastily  into  the  meeting  when  the  chair-  Nh  f  '  - STYLE=superscript  ',  4 STYLE=superscript  d  actually  begun,  and  when  I  did  not  hear  what  I  'ta  i  ( STYLE=superscript  r  ° STYLE=superscript  hhd,  to  be  instructed  from  so  good  a  source.  kid  /  aro  sure  you  will  excuse  the  few  remarks  I  have  made,  '?tia  w STYLE=superscript  ill  only  now  again  read  the  resolution,  which  I  re re,l.C,adtilteilll“d  ,l.C,adtilteilll“d re,l.C,adtilteilll“d  to  your  cordial  adoption.  Mr.  Rathbone  then  c4in  ts  ,  :  -  resolution,  and  resumed  his  seat  amid  loud  ap ap-111'  111' ap-111'  ''''''.  l STYLE=superscript  oGt  came  f  o  rward  to  second  the  resolution.  He  Ale,  0  \,,  sveak,  when  .r  lord  ,  Ross  rose  in  the  body  of  the  hall,  and  said  :  Ntl  e  ,„  . STYLE=superscript  &#34;'  I  claim  to  make  an  observation.  I  think  no  1  Ik  e  ian  who  addresses  this  meeting  should  make  any  to  eith  er  p  o  liti  ca  l  or  re  li  g  i  ous  o  pi  n  i  ons  .  Th  a  t  h  as  already  done  in  two  instances  which  I  have  heard,  rlieh  I  was  very  sorry  to  hear.  (Cries  of  no,  1  1 STYLE=superscript  /  4  ~  hisses,  and  uproar.)  Yes,  I  say,  Yes.  V  .  l STYLE=superscript  _v  ed  cries  of  and  hisses.)  I  say  yes.  i  s;  cries  of  tu  r  n  him  and  great  clamour  and  It#  4  !°n.)  PIAIRMAN  :  Religion  has  been  spoken  of,  but  not  ''  4r STYLE=superscript  tieular  creed.  (Cries  of  hear,  hear.)  4  iit,Ooss  :  I  understood--;  h  t  °IcE  :  You  are  dull  of  comprehension.  (Cheers  and  0  1 STYLE=superscript  '  )  i,'  loss  :  I  beg,  my  lord,  that  such  allusions  will  not  litt,  'Ptated,  or.  I  shall  decidedly  interrupt  the  meeting.  le're,(l  uproar  )  'nth  ItA.THBoNE.  :  My  lord,  I  should  beg  leave  to  ask  this  b STYLE=superscript  eat  'used  to  explain.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  have  not  been  qat  '  to  declamation,  and  dare'  say  I  have  talked  a  de STYLE=superscript  al  t STYLE=superscript  h  4  ,  of  nonsense;  Init  when  one  gentleman  makes  an  L  ? STYLE=superscript  'll  — STYLE=superscript  ki  ti STYLE=superscript  °/1  against  an.  •  r  of  having  made  any  political  or  ,'  e  l  l,  allusion  in  a  meeting  like  this,  I  should  like  him  ~,1  D STYLE=superscript  ,4  1n STYLE=superscript  what  it  is,  and  that  the  meeting  would  give  him  ,mis  t  7Ortunity  of  coming  to  the  point.  (Hear,  hear,  and  1  711  9  And  I  am  inclined  also  to  say  this,  that  I  think  it  '  , STYLE=superscript  ,e  4  4  ‘kre  e  with  the  feelings  of  this  ,  meeting',  if  I  ask  him  if  `  1, STYLE=superscript  ,,  A  !  a  good  case  to  state  it  in  a  rew  words.  (Hear  hear.)  Ot  ‘  l STYLE=superscript  lon  a  long  speech  as  only  necassary  for  a  bad  cause.  tree  lt  i  :  The  honourable  gentleman  has  challenged  me.  k  t  'cle  ',..'illenged  me  to  say  what  were  the  terms  to  which  I  !  . STYLE=superscript  •'  °l STYLE=superscript  !  4e  prides  himself  upon  the  word  ,  e  ,  I STYLE=superscript  ,',  4 STYLE=superscript  e  B  L  l STYLE=superscript  at  that  is  a  political  phrase.  (Cries  of  No,  no,  1  4-10,  a STYLE=superscript  nd  renewed  clamour.)  I  must  be  heard.  (Cries  of  41k7°,  and  order,  I  will  be  heard.  (Hisses  and  •T  r)  It  e STYLE=superscript  „NATE,AN  •  What  is  your  name  ?  he  .-  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  0 STYLE=superscript  5  s  (at  the  top  of  his  voice)  :  Ross.  4 STYLE=superscript  40,.'uatamaN  :  Is  the  meeting  willing  that  the  gentle-‘44  ,  c'illd  b  e  heard  ?  (Cries  of  No,  4,  yes,  k&#34;&#34;'fasio  )  r  j  n.  -  rail  ,  ''  4 STYLE=superscript  'irnitx  :  I  would  suggest  that,  if  the  gentleman  is  '44  '  0 STYLE=superscript  address  the  meeting,  he  should  come  upon  the  plat plat'a,ti,  'a,ti, plat'a,ti,  Pear,  hear,  and  no,  no.)  1  14 STYLE=superscript  41'  0 STYLE=superscript  ss  then  quitted  the  body  of  the  hall,  and  came  r  v  sCut  platfome  eting,  rm  where  he  turned  round  and  bowed  o  e- STYLE=superscript  Y  , STYLE=superscript  to  the  amid  great  laughter,  cheers,  and  If  s STYLE=superscript  '  •  N  it  ok  ,  AmilßON,  :  My  lord,  I  would  ask  your  opinion.  I  i'.thi.&#34;'  is  right,  if  your  lordship  thinks  so,  to  ask  the  name  ,1e,.:  elt,leman  and  whether  he  belongs  to  the  town  of  ;‘1  5  .!) STYLE=superscript  ,,  5  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  because  ' STYLE=superscript  I  am  .  .  quite  sure,  gentlemen,  however  kil  we  may  be  for  eliciting  the,  truth,  we  want  no  itine-  N4rators  here  to  tell  us  what  .we  ought  to  do.  (Loud  (e  f STYLE=superscript  jlear  hear,  and  cheers.)  1  1 STYLE=superscript  :'  My  ord,  I  am  not  so  rude  as  this  gentleman.  6.  ltt  '''')  cries  of  4 STYLE=superscript  '  hisses,  and  interruption.)  i  4  u STYLE=superscript  tPnity  :  I  rise  to  a  point  of  order.  It  has  been  4 STYLE=superscript  tt  '  and  it  is  due  to  this  meeting,  that  the  name  of  any  ti,  y  w  i,  thN  .  0 STYLE=superscript  wishes  to  address  the  meeting,  should  be  first  .  men menfZ,kt,  fZ,kt, menfZ,kt,  (Rear,  hear.)  It  is  due  also  to  this  meeting  that  1  1  4 STYLE=superscript  %  -i  .l STYLE=superscript  eirian  should  state  whether  he  is  a  townsman  or  not.  k  N  e  a  town's  meeting  ;  and  if  he  will  make  'know  his  t STYLE=superscript  i  el  v  i  tql STYLE=superscript  d  if  he  is  a  townsman,  I  am  sure  you  will  give  him  thLk  NV  il STYLE=superscript  d  patient  hearing.  Zs  '  t. STYLE=superscript  '  On  that  condition,  and  that  only.  (Hear  and  orlr''n  )  :li  a  -As STYLE=superscript  s  :  My  lord,  I  claim  (loud  and  general  cries  •;-!.r,  sr  -41 STYLE=superscript  ,..e,  My  name  is_  Ross._  tit,  I  t  'll'Eaty  :  Your  name  is  Ross  ?  1  ,..q.  1  .  j  oss  '  l STYLE=superscript  t?  . STYLE=superscript  l'  } STYLE=superscript  'EltY  :  Are  you  a  resident  of  the  town  of  Liver Liver'l,  'l, Liver'l,  IN  t  4!  \'•  l STYLE=superscript  ;  (2 STYLE=superscript  ‘SS  :  Yes.  'ts  -(3 STYLE=superscript  '  :  Are  you  the  Man  of  Ross  (Laughter  and  lt  *,  t  i  i,  t4,  11, STYLE=superscript  04  ) STYLE=superscript  A  5s STYLE=superscript  :  No  person  can  be  more  anxious  than  I  am  .  for  (g;'l,'  )  ii,'  3B STYLE=superscript  of  insurance  ;  but'  when  I  heard  an  encroach encroach-.1,.°444—,,,°n  -.1,.°444—,,,°n encroach-.1,.°444—,,,°n STYLE=superscript  political  and  religious  topics,  I  made  it  my— myik,r  ik,r myik,r  4&#34;L'isos,  and  cries  of  turn  him  out).  !e  l STYLE=superscript  '.  j  t  '''?En.x  :  Hear  him.  (Cries  of  no).  to  t  i°4  I,Z's  ,  You  may  hiss  •  you  may  bray  •  you  may  call  VI  ~'-o,  but  I  distinctly  and  emphatically  tell  you  that  t  t  Ze  wersobjects  of  theology  and  on  subjects  of  politics,  41',  4  4  e STYLE=superscript  ncroachments  , STYLE=superscript  on  a  man's  feelings.  (Cries  .  of  tt  L  at  tn,  ,turn  him  out).  I  merely  wish  at  this  point  L'tiit  eeti  - STYLE=superscript  I  L  it  ,  ng  to  check  it,  because  1  do  not  know  to  what  ka  t  r  C  o  --14 STYLE=superscript  3'  be  carried,  seeing  the  various  speakers  who  S  he  ar)  are  all  on  one  side.  (Cries  of  oh,  '  oh,  hisses,  ,  14  V STYLE=superscript  oi,  They  are  all  on  one  side.  (Hisses).  4 STYLE=superscript  ,5ri  a  1  . STYLE=superscript  .1t::  All  on  the  right  side.  (Cheers).  t  ktis  ill  t))  38 STYLE=superscript  '  I  see  it,  I  see  yourself,  sir,  (pointing  to  his  A  41 STYLE=superscript  )44,  4 STYLE=superscript  -nd  I  see  that  venerable  gentleman'  there  (Mr.  t STYLE=superscript  'ti  q  ,  \  r STYLE=superscript  e  /  4  .  Of  t  •  Turn  round  (followed  by  groans,  hisses,  and  ti  l  r.  It  ail  h  im  O  to  eu  .  ,  out).  tPi:e  b  e  •  if  his  lordship  had  at  once  -  told  me  there  4  `)11  ofllo  encroachment  either  on  religious  or  political  C  k  ti  t  ti STYLE=superscript  tive  li  any  one  sort  or  another,  I  s  h  ou  ld  no  t  h  ave  t  :  %14,1t0  interfere.  (Hisses.)  ti  l  k;  .„(eh  e  it4 STYLE=superscript  A-N  :  How  could  I  tell  you,  when  I  did  not  k  tii  i  4 STYLE=superscript  oN  s  wr.,.s,  and  cries  of  order.)  ktl  •  '  6 STYLE=superscript  f  . STYLE=superscript  i  .'  -  I, STYLE=superscript  Le  proclaims  himself  a  liberal  ;  he  glories  in  4  t,Liberal,  and  he  talked  of  the  question  of  reform,  ,  ection  with  it,  levelling,  which  I  say  is  politics.  (Groans,  cheers,  hisses,  and  cries  of  turn  him  out,  and  sit  down.)  The  CHAIRMAN,  amidst  a  perfect  babel  of  noise,  offered  some  explanation.  which  was  not  heard.  Mr.  Ross  (amidst  the  same  noise,  and  roaring  at  the  top  of  his  voice,  continued)  :  He  gloried  in  it—(Cries  of  ques 'question'  and  turn  the  noisy  fool  Now,  gentlemen— gentlemen(Continued  (Continued gentlemen(Continued  confusion,  which  lasted  for  several  minutes,  dur during  ing during  which  Mr.  Ross  kept  standing  in  front  of  the  platform,  endeavouring  to  make  himself  heard,  amidst  cries  of  turn  him  out,  sit  down,  &amp;c.,  but  at  last,  finding  it  was  impossible  to  get  a  hearing,  he  exclaimed)—Keep  from  talk talking  ing talking  of  politics  and  religion,  and  I  am  done.  [Mr.  Ross,  in  endeavouring  to  reach  his  seat,  had  nearly  made  a  precipitate  retreat  from  the  platform,  by  falling  down  the  side-steps  leading  to  the  hall.]  Mr.  JOHN  SMITH  then  rose,  and  was  loudly  cheered,  and  an  attempt  was  made  to  hiss  him  down  ;  it  was  confined  to  a  few  persons  in  the  upper  gallery,  and  it  entirely  failed.  He  said  :  Now,  will  you  allow  me  one  minute  ?  My  lord,  ladies,  and  gentlemen—(Hisses,  and  cries  of  let  the  man  speak)—l  merely  rise  to  a  point  of  order.  (Hisses  and  cheers  A  Voicz  Why  don't  you  let  the  man  speak  ?  (Groans  and  cheers.  Mr.  SMITH  :  (Amidst  confusion  and  noise.)  Listen  to  me  for  a  moment,  I  want  to  explain  a  point,  he  can  speak  after.  Mr.  Ross  :  It  is  explained.  (Cheers  and  hissing.)  Mr.  SMITH  :  I  think  the  worthy  gentleman  was  mistaken.  (Hear.  hear.)  He  is  evidently  excited  by  something,  (laugh (laughter  ter (laughter  and  cheers,)  and  his  feelings  have  been  touched.  A  VOICE  :  The  working  classes  wish  to  hear  him.  (Cries  of  no,  and  dr.  SMITH  continued  to  explain  that  when  Mr.  Rathbone  said  he  was  a  liberal,  surely  that  was  not  a  political  observa observation.  tion. observation.  There  was  no  sect  of  levellers.  If  he  said  he  was  a  e.itholic,  or  a  protestant,  or  a  tory,  or  a  whig,  or  a  socialist,  taeie  might  have  been  a  meaning  in  it.  Mr.  Rathboue  said  lie  was  a  leveller  in  one  sense,  that  he  would  bring  the  :tumbler  classes  to  the  higher.  (Loud  cheers.)  He  was  not  there  to  explain  Mr.  Rathbone's  views  ;  but  that  was  the  view  which  he  (Mr.  Smith)  took  of  his  own  words.  Mr.  Rathbone  wanted,  not  a  shield  from  any  Achilles  in  the  meeting,  but  hearing  the  words  the  gentleman  used  he  thought  it  right  to  give  this  explanation  —when  the  noble  president  used  the  word  radical,  and  going  into  radical  ideas,  he  stopped  himself  at  once,  and  there  was  not  one  word  mentioned  which  could  be  applied  in  a  poli political  tical political  sense,  except  one  word  used  by  a  worthy  gentleman,—  religion,  or  whose  was  all.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  KEGG  then  came  forward  to  second  the  motion.  He  very  much  regretted  the  interruptions  they  had  had,  be because  cause because  he  was  afraid  it  would  deprive  the  meeting  of  many  good  speeches.  There  were  one  or  two  points  which  he  should  like  to  remark  upon,  having  the  privilege  to  address  the  meeting,  he  should  like  to  call  attention  to  in  connection  with  the  resolution  which  he  had  in  his  hand.  (Having  read  the  resolution  he  continued.)  But  in  order  that  they  might  attain  to  a  position  in  society,  there  must  be  some something  thing something  of  self-improvement,  there  must  be  a  determination  on  the  part  of  every  man  to  do  something  for  himself.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  must  study  at  home  those  works  which  bring  him  in  communion  with  those  of  past  days,  and  then  he  would  feel  his  own  littleness  and  vileness  in  contrast  with  their  greatness.  But  in  order  to  do  this  he  mut  obtain  books,  maps,  and  various  appliances,  and  this  again  would  bring  out  prudent  habits;  for  very  few  had  such  a  quantity  of  funds  as  to  be  able  to  live  up  to  the  extent  of  their  means  and  then  to  supply  themselves  with  those  things  ;  and  this  would  teach  them  to  bring  things  into  a  compass  ;  it  would  bring  them  to  think  on  what  they  wanted  ;  and  by  that  means  they  would  see  the  importance  of  a  saving  habit.  His  lordship  had  well  remarked  on  the  popular  vice  of  the  English  nation  ;  it  was  by  their  own  indulgence  that  they  had  brought  on  the  nation  a  great  stigma  and  by  so  doing  they  had  placed  themselves  iu  a  position  that  they  had  not  been  able  to  provide  against  the  dark  and  evil  day  by  indulging  too  freely  in  the  pleasures  of  the  present  mo moment.  ment. moment.  But  there  was  another  thing  connected  with  this  question,  for  when  a  man  began  to  improve  himself  he  would  seek  home  ;  he  would  not  go  and  spend  time  in  folly  and  vice,  but  would  seek  home,  where  he  would  usefully  employ  the  hours  he  had  to  spare.  (Hear,  hear).  They  had  only  to  think  on  such  a  man  as  Stephenson  the  engineer,  or  of  J.  Gough,  the  great  temperance  advocate,  (applause).  in  order  to  show  them  what  might  be  done  by  persevering  self-culture.  (Hear,  hear.)  Even  a  man  who  might  have  been  brought  down  to  the  lo  west  stage  of  degradation,  might  be  raised  up,  and  stand  himself  amongst  those  who  were  ornaments  and  blessings  to  their  country.  (Applause.)  When  a  man  saw  the  importance  of  those  things,  he  began  to  see  what  his  family  wanted,  and  what  he  himself  wanted  in  times  to  come,  by  not  living  beyond  his  income,  but  by  saving  something  from  his  hard  earned  gains,  he  might  be  enabled  to  provide  against  the  evils  of  sickness;  and  if  death  came,  that  he  might  not  leave  his  widow  and  children  pen pennyless  nyless pennyless  and  fatherless  on  the  world.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  (Mr.  Kegg)  should  wish  to  mention  one  or  two  cases  in  which  men  had  raised  themselves  to  positions  in  society  by  provident  habits.  There  was  one  man  living,  an  American,  the  great  showman,  Barnum,  who  bought  a  museum  with without  out without  a  penny  in  his  pocket.  What  did  he  do  ?  He  lived  on  bread  and  cheese  that  he  might  be  enabled,  by  self-denial,  to  attain  a  position  in  society.  (Hear.)  It  was  only  by  this  continued  exercise  of  self-denial,  that  the  working  dassps  would  be  enabled  to  raise  themselves.  (Heal',  hear.)  And,  then,  here  came  the  Insurance  society,  and  they  offered  the  lever  by  which  the  poor  and  industrious  man  might  provide  for  the  dark  hour  ;  and  then,  when  he  left  the  world,  his  happiness,  next  to  the  safety  of  his  own  soul,  whould  be  in  the  thought  that  his  family  were  provided  for  when  he  was  no  longer  amongst  them.  (Applause.)  '  The  resolution  was  then  put,  and  carried  unanimously.  Mr.  JOHN  SMITH  proposed  the  next  resolution,  which,  he  said,  merely  expressed  a  truism.  yet  one  which  well  deserved  to  be  propagated  in  the  world.  Having  stated  the  general  priciples  upon  which  he  attended  the  meeting,  there  was  so  much  room  for  good,  and  such  a  necessity  for  doing  it,  they  should  co-operate  with  each  other  in  every  way  they  could  to  make  the  working-man  think  for  himself  and  family,  and  not  always  to  be  spending  the  last  farthing  in  momentary  pleasure.  He  used  the  word  gentleman—he  liked  to  use  the  word  —for  the  humblest  labourer  was  a  gentleman  if  he  conducted  himself  properly.  (Cheers.)  He  (Mr.  Smith)  conceived  he  was  a  rich  man  who,  from  20s.  a  week  saved  one  or  two;  and  that  he  was  poor  who  had  £lO,OOO  a  year,  and  spent  £ll.OOO.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  one  was  degraded  and  obliged  to  ask  for  favours;  whilst  the  other  found  him himself  self himself  rich,  and  able  to  do  good  amongst  his  neighbours  ;  and  for  his  family  and  himself,  in  his  old  age  he  could  do  won wonders.  ders. wonders.  (Applause.)  The  first  beginning  was  a  great  matter.  Let  them  begin,  and  feel  they  have  a  little  savings  bank,  and  they  would  find  comfort  and  happiness  in  it,  which,  up  to  that  time,  they  had  never  known.  He  remembered  well,  in  Clayton  square,  when  a  young  chap,  whose  head  was  as  black  as  it  was  then  white,  standing  by  a  ship-carpenter,  listening  to  an  election.  Re  said,  Well,  Charles,  you  are  a  jolly  and  I  am  sure  you  drink  a  lot  of  grog.  Charles  in  reply  stated,  he  was  not  a  drunken  man;  but  admitted,  besides  his  allowance,  he  had  several  glasses  of  rum,  and  which  he  considered  was  not  d  r  i  n  ki  ng  t  oo  muc  h.  He  Mr.  Smith)  then  asked  him  what  he  was  saving  for  his  family,  and  his  reply  was,  what  could  he  save  out  of  4s.  6d.  per  day  ?  and  he  was  not  always  employed  ;  and  if  he  put  a  shilling  or  sixpence  by,  it  came  to  nothing.  He  showed  him  that  sixpence  a  day  was  £9  2s.  6d.  per  year,  and  that  the  amount  would  secure  £4OO  at  his  death  if  he  died  the  next  day.  (Applause).  He  had  no  idea  that  6d.  was  such  a  powerful  aid,  and  still  less  idea  how  it  could  realise  a  sum  of  £4OO  to  a  person  at  his  age.  He  wished  the  lower  classes  would  all  see  this,  and  by  adopting  it  become  some  of  the  higher  classes.  (Hear,  hear).  He  re remembered  membered remembered  receiving  a  small  premium  from  a  working  man  some  time  ago.  A  few  days  since  the  same  man  came  to  pay  him  for  his  second  year,  and  he  said,  tell  you  I  am  happy,  and  a  better  man  ;  for  I  feel  if  I  go  to-morrow  my  children  are  not  He  (Mr.  Smith)  thought  it  was  of  the  utmost  importance  that  every  man  should  lay  up  something'  for  the  morrow.  Who  knew  who  might  be  called  away  before  a  week;  but  whoever  insured,  he  obtained  by  a  physical  and  philosophical  arrangement,  the  length  of  an  average  life  for  the  support  of  his  family.  (Hear,  hear).  Payments  were  made  on  the  averages.  He  cautioned  them  against  the  indiscriminate  giving  of  charity,  and  for  this  great  reason:—Many  were  so  uneducated  to  act  from  a  right  motive  in  all  cases,  and  it  was  well  known  some  of  the  noblest  charities  in  this  land  produced  the  very  poverty  which  they  were  intended  to  relieve.  (Hear,  hear).  They  had  a  ladies  charity,  and  they  knew  poor  people  lived  down  to  the  necessity  of  their  wives  availing  themselves  of  the  charity,  whereas  had  there  been  no  such  thing  they  would  have  lived  differently,'  and  saved  money  for  the  period  approaching.  (Hear,  hear).  So  far  as  this  went,  unless  it  were  in  cases  of  infirmaries  for  accidents,  .mud  iiifoi  In  mon  with  the  humbler  classes  who  did  not  knim  ho  v  to  ju  ige,  it  was  difficult  to  say  what  charities  did  not  agir.tv  i'e  the  evils  tley  were  intended  to  relieve.  (Hear,  hear).  In  conclusion  Mr.  Smith  moved  the  following  resolution  :  Thai  life  assurance  and  friendly  societies  are  among  the  in,titutions  calculated  to  inculcate  those  habits,  by  proving  against  the  want  and  destitution  of  a  family  after  the  death  of  its  Mr.  WEAR  seconded  the  resokution.  Since  entering  the  room,  he  observed,  he  bad  heard  a  great  deal  about  the  provi provident  dent provident  habits  of  the  working  classes  of  our  native  land.  He  re regretted  gretted regretted  that  he  could  not  entirely  agree  in  all  that  had  been  said  on  that  point;  for  he  had  a  firm  and  fixed  opinion  that  no  nation  on  the  face  of  the  globe  were  so  improvident  as  ours  He  did  not  wish  to  use  the  expression  that  had  been  used  be before—he  fore—he before—he  did  not  wish  to  speak  invidiously;  but  when  ho  com compared  pared compared  the  state  of  the  working  classes  of  his  native  land  with  the  position  of  those  in  other  countries,  he  should  say  that  we  were  very  far  behind.  But  still  there  was  one  thing  that  they  had  to  say  in  favour  of  the  English  workmen,  that  go  where  they  would—France,  Germany,  or  any  pat  of  the  continent  what whatever,  ever, whatever,  they  would  find  that  wherever  the  English  workman  set  his  font,  he  would  find  an  employer  who  would  pay  him  better  wages  jthan  he  would  one  of  his  own  countrymen  ;  but  against  that,  he  was  sorry  to  say,  there  was  one  fact  to  be  proved,  and  it  was  this—that  whil  e  h  e  wou  ld  emp  l  oy  t  h  e  Eng Englishman  lishman Englishman  because  he  worked  harder  and  better,  yet  he  would  put  less  trust  in  him,  and  simply  on  account  of  his  im improvidence.  providence. improvidence.  While  the  Frenchinan,  the  German,  the  Italian-  all  of  them  saved  something  out  of  their  wages  —  the  Englishman  would  endeavour  to  live  up  to  the  income  lie  enjoyed,  so  that  the  Englishman  wherever  be  went  got  a  good  character  for  work,  but  not  for  provident  habits.  With  regard  to  the  business  on  which  they  were  called  he  had  determined  when  he  rose  to  go  into  the  general  prin principles  ciples principles  of  life  assurances,  and  in  as  few  words  as  possible  to  ex expain  pain expain  them  as  clearly  as  he  could.  Before  doing  so,  however,  they  would  allow  him  to  make  onsreniat  k  with  regard  to  the  calling  together  of  the  meeting.  He  had  no  hesitation  in  de declaring  claring declaring  that  the  meeting  had  originated  in  London,  for  the  purpose  of  advocating  the  general  principle  of  life  assurances,  not  only  in  the  town  of  Liverpool,  but  in  the  principal  towns  in  the  kingdom.  One  society  alone  had  offered  to  bear  the  expense  of  a  meeting  in  Liverpool,  where  all  could  advocate  the  cause  on  grounds  without  naming  any  society  ;  but  he  was  sorry  to  say  that  there,  was  a  little  jealousy  existing  among  the  different  companies,  or  they  should  have  had  more  gentlemen  from  the  societies  there  that  night.  For  this  purpose  one  gentleman—he  would  give  his  name,  Mr.  Gregg,  of  London,  —was  invited  to  attend.  He  entered  heartily-into  the  matter,  promised  to  be  present,  but  for  whose  absence,  for  which  neither  he  (Mr.  Ware)  nor  any  other  gentleman  on  the  platform  knew  no  satisfactory  reason,  'certain  very  discreditable  hints  have  been  throwri  out  ;  but  he  did  not  believe  them.  With  regard  to  assurance  societies,  he  would  put  them  under  three  classes.  First,  life  assurance  companies  ;  secondly,  friendly  societies  ;  and  thirdly,  burial  clubs.  He  would  first  explain  the  manner  of  procedure  in  forming  a  life  assurance  company,  for  he  di4  not  see  why  it  should  be  kept  from  the  world.  Wellipfor  the  formation  of  a  company  of  that  kind  a  few  individuals  met  to together.  gether. together.  Let  not  their  motives  be  misunderstood.  He  did  not  believe  that  out  of  fifty  assurance  companies  formed  in  this  kingdom,  one  had  ever  been  formed  from  philanthropic  motives.  Every  formation  . STYLE=superscript  of  such  a  company  had  something  selfish  at  the  bottom.  They  were  all  selfish—he  was  selfish,  the  meeting  was  selfish—for  neither  would  give-  their  time  unless  their  trouble  was  rewarded.  Well,  a  few  gentlemen  met  together  and  determined  to  form  a  company—he  would  leave  their  motives  alone,  but  it  might  be  that  they  wanted  situations,  They  take  the  title  of  promoters,  they  go  to  the  proper  office  and  receive  their  schedule,  and  then  each  party  puts  down  his  name,  address,  and  occupation  on  the  schedule,  as  the  promoter  of  a  certain  company.  Every  particular  of  that  company  would  be  registered—its  objects,  its  capital,  and  so  forth  would  be  registered  and  the  fees  paid.  This  was  what  was  termed  a  and  until  complete  registration  took  place,  the  parties  could  not  proceed  to  business.•  They  would  take  a  company  for  instance,  with  a  declared  capital  of  £lOO,  000—let  it  be  minded  a  capital  they  never  intended  to  get  in,  for  if  they  did  they  never  would  declare  it,  inasmuch  as  it  cost  them  much  more  to  register  it,  but  they  declared  such  a  capital  merely  because  Englishmen  were  fond  of  seeing  a  large  row  of  figures.  (Hear,  hear,  and  laughter).  He  would  go  further  and  say  that  it  was  not  necessary  for  a  company  to  have  a,  cap  s  ,  ital  at  all.  But  before  they  were  allowed  to  issue  a  single  policy  they  should  shew  the  signatnres  of  different  shareholders  for  one  fourth  of  the  amount.  He  was  not  going  to  show  them,  as  it  would  occupy  too  much  of  their  time,  how  that  was  avoided.  It  was  avoided;  but  he  hoped  the  day  was  fast  ap approaching  proaching approaching  when  this  work  would  not  bear  the  light.  (Applause.)  Atter  complete  registration  a  certain  portion  of  the  capital  was  called  in;  but  when  they  had  got  the  certificate  of  com complete  plete complete  registration  they  were  entitled  to  - STYLE=superscript  go  to  work,  which  they  generally  did  by  advertising  and  appointing  agents.  Little  or  no  notice  was  taken  of  them  before  they  commenced  doing  business.  He  was  an  advocate  for  new  companies,  be because  cause because  he  thought  there  was  room  enough  for  all,  but  he  did  not  like  to  see  a  new  company  put  down  when  he  saw  and  knew  this..  No  sooner,  however,  had  a  new  company  issued  its  pro prospectus,  spectus, prospectus,  than  it  was  looked  to.  Some  entered  into  it  for  the  benefit  of  themselves,  others  for  the  purpose  of  finding  fault  with  it  ;  but  the  first  difficulty  which  it  had  to  contend  against,  was  its  rivals  in  the  field,  and  then  bad  agents.  Now  for  the  business  of  the  company.  The  first  and  particular  branch  was  life  assurances—then  endowments  —then  annuities  ;  and  some  companies  granted  loans.  Having  explained  how  life  as assurances  surances assurances  were  granted,  lie  showed  how  Companies  realised  large  profits,  by  adding  slightly  to  the  premium  for  the  medical  ex examination  amination examination  fee.  Endowments  were  for  the  purpose  of  rendering  the  fund  available  during  life-time.  A  person  might  say;  I  want  to  lay  by  so  much  a  year,  that  when  I  come  to  the  age  of  40  or  50,  1  may  receive  a  fixed  sum,  and  settle  down  in  my  old  age  comfortably  or  he  might  fix  it  for  the  binding  of  his  son  as  au  apprentice,  or  a  marriage  dowry  for  his  daughter.  This  was  an  endowment,  and  the  worst  class  of  business  was  that  of  loans,  Here,  in  this  town,  he  would  rather  not  touch  upon  that  point  ;  but  in  connection  with  it  he  would  mention  a  fact  which  would  rather  astonish  them.  They  knew  there  were  loan  societies  throughout  the  kingdom  which  charged  enormous  rates  of  interest;  but  with  assurance  companies  their  object  was  not  to  lend  their  money  to  get  interest,  but  by  lending  it  to  get  business,  For  when  a  roan  borrowed  £lOO,  they  obliged  him  to  insure  his  life  for  double  the  amount.  Now,  lie  believed  from  honest  conviction,  that  many  of  the  assurance  companies  throughout  the  country  were  greatly  improved  by  this  loan  business.  One  company  with  which  he  had  been  connected  as  secretary  or  manager,  advertised  that  they  would  do  loan  business  ;  one  week  he  received  from  different  persons  through throughout  out throughout  the  kingdom  applications  in  the  whole  for  £350,000,  averaging  from  £5  up  to  .£2OO.  It  required  an  immensity  of  labour  to  wade  through  the  security  offered,  but  he  had  no  hesitation  in  saying  that  not  one  out  of  every  ten  offered  were  responsible  parties.  He  would  advise  'every  man  in  the  room  to  look  well  to  any  company  with  which  he  connected  himself  if  it  were  not  on  the  indisputability  system.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  had  a  copy  of  the  indisputable  clause  which  be  would  read  for  them;_  but  the  first  c  ompany  t  h  at  advocated  this  was  established  by  Mr.  Robertson,  a  Scotch  gentleman,  and  was  sow  termed  the  London  Indisputable  one  noted  tor  its  honorable  dealings  with  all  who  had  connec connection  tion connection  with  it.  Mr.  Wear  then  read  the  clause,  which  declared  that  uo  omission  on  the  part  of  the  assurer  should  invalidate  the  policy;  and  showed  how  the  absence  of  this  clause  enabled  companies  to  take  advantage  of  the  slightest  mistake  in  the  age  or  other  circumstances,  to  the  detriment  of  the  wife  and  children,  or  other  survivors  of  the  assured.  Many  companies  traded  on  the  chances  of  this;  and  therefore  he  regarded  the  indisputable  companies  as  the  only  ones  based  on  fairness  and  justice.  Mr.  Wear  then  alluded  to  Friendly  Societies,  and  observed  that  the  error  with  them  was  the  want  of  proper  calculation  for  though  a  young  man  of  seventeen  paid  but  a  small  premium  on  entering  them,  it  was  too  much  to  require  him  to  pay  the  same  quarterly  subscription  as  the  man  of  forty  or  fifty.  As  to  burial  clubs  the  law  would  speedily  interfere  with  them,  in  consequence  of  the  crime  which  they  generated  among  the'poor  class,  but  extending  the  principle  at  work  here,  he  had  even  endeavoured  to  prevent  children  of  fourteen  years  and  so  being  assured,  because  he  thought  it  was  as  easy  to  get  rid  of  them  tor  the  sake  of  the  larger  amount,  as  it  was  to  get  rid  of  poorer  children  for  the  burial  fees.  Mr.  Wear,  in  con conclusion,  clusion, conclusion,  again  reiterated  that  there  was  business  enough  for  all  companies,  if  they  were  properly  conducted.  (Applause.)  The  resolution,  was  unanimously  adopted.  In  answer  to  a  person  in  the  body  of  the  hall  Mr.  WEAR  said  that  the  safety  of  a  country  did  not  consist  in  its  names  or  its  extensive  operations,  but  in  the  honor  of  its  members  and  its  good  management.  The  Rev.  STOWELL  BROWN,  who  was  enthusiastically  ap applauded  plauded applauded  on  his  appearing  on  the  platform  towards  the  end  of  the  proceedings,  was  then  loudly  called  on,  but  he  declined  to  speak,  as  knowing  little  of  the  subject,  until  the  commer commercial  cial commercial  gentlemen  present  had  been  heard.  Mr.  l'nomPsosr  begged  to  thank  the  Rev.  Mr.  Brown  for  giving  him  an  opportunity  of  addressing  the  meeting.  He  ap appeared  peared appeared  there  as  the  representative  of  a  burial  society,  and  he  had  been  surprised  when  he  heard  a  former  speaker  make  the  statement  he  had  done  with  regard  to  how  those  societies  were  conducted,  as  to  the  principles  upon  which  they  were  based,  and  as  to  how  they  conducted  their  business.  He  was  pre prepared  pared prepared  to  prove  that  they  were  as  well  conducted  as  any  society  in  existence.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  had  been  said  that  these  societies  were  for  the  purpose  of  raising  the  working-classes  in  the  scale  of  society.  The  burial  societies  did  do  that,  and  what  was  more,  they  raised  some  of  the  very  lowest.  It  was  in  the  year  1840  that  the  firs:,  burial  society  was  established  in  Liverpool.  That  was  done  by  a  single  family  enrolling  their  names.  No  society  in  existence  had  been  a  greater  benefit  to  the  working  classes  than  that  society  had  been.  It  had  been  the  cause  of  reducing  the  poor's  rates,  as  there  was  not  near  the  money  ex expended  pended expended  out  of  those  rates  for  coffins,  and  burial  fees,  as  was  formerly  the  case.  The  treasurer  of  that  society  was  Mr.  W.  Brown,  M  P.,  and  the  Earl  of  Ha.rrowby  was  ono  of  its  patrons.  F.om  1840  to  1853,  that  society  expended  no  less  than  £53,993  for  funerals,  and  all  that  had  been  raised  by  the  half  pence  of  the  poor.  Something  had  also  been  said  about  these  societies  being  calculated  to  assist  the  crime  of  murder  ;  this  he  denied,  and  argued  that  it  would  he  just  as  right  to  call  all  mankind  burglars,  or  murderers,  because  these  c  inies  were  committed  by  the  few,  as  it  was  to  condemn  all  the  burial  societies,  because  in  a  few  isolated  cases  in  the  manufacturing  districts,  such  crimes  had  been  committed:  He  denied  that  there  had  been  a  single  case  of  that  description  in  the  town  of  Liverpool,  and  referred  to  the  clause  in  the  act,  as  amended  during  the  last  session,  which  rendered  it  imperative  for  each  part  to  be  furnished  with  a  certificate  from  a  medical  man  ;  or  a  coroner,  and  if  they  looked  over  the  hooks  of  the  oldest  society  they  would  find  that  in  each  case  of  death  such  certificate  had  been  furnished.  Mr.  ROBERT  KELLY  said  he  knew  one  of  these  burial  socie societies,  ties, societies,  which  was  conducted  on  the  most  disgraceful  principles,  the  committee  had  the  sole  controul  of  the  society,  and  the  whole  management  of  that  society  was  worked  with  the  great greatest  est greatest  despotism.  The  REV.  H.  STow  ELL  BROWN  having  himself  apologised  for  coming  forward  at  that  late  hour  of  the  evening,  said  he  would  detain  them  but  a  few  minutes.  He  appeared  there  like  the  former  speaker  in  the  character  of  a  philanthropist,  but  he  did  not  profess  to  know  the  principles  upon  which  those  socie societies  ties societies  were  based.  He  was  a  member  of  one  of  those  societies,  and  he  trusted  it  was  well  based.  It  had  been  said  that  the  subject  had  nothing  to  do  with  religion,  and  that  he  (Mr.  Brown)  ought  to  be  minding  his  own  business;  but  he  consid considered  ered considered  his  business  was  as  much  on  that  platform  as  it  was  in  the  pulpit  from  which  he  preached.  He  then  in  most  correct  terms  pointed  out  the  duty  of  mankind  to  be  prepared  agains;  a  rainy  day,  and  that  day  might  come  when  it  was  little  expected;  and  having  prepared  for  that  day,  by  having  provided  for  the  family,  less  embittered  the  last  moments  as  it  was  known  that  they  would  not  want.  Mr.  Ross  again  came  forward,  which  was  the  signal  for  a  ge general  neral general  uproar.  He  said  :  I  come  forward—(Hisses  and  confu confusion.)  sion.) confusion.)  I  will  be  heard.  (Laughter.)  The  CitAinmAN  requested  that  the  gentlemen  might  have  a  hearing.  Mr.  Ross  wished  to  ask  Mr.  Ware  whether,  in  the  forming  of  these  meetings,  the  names  of  higlizsounding  characters,  men  who  had  greas  influence,  were  not  placed  there  merely,  (Confusion.)  Mr.  WAGE  :  You  ask  me.  I  can  only  say  I  do  not  think  so.  Mr.  JEFFERY  moved  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  chairman,  for  the  ability  he  had  displayed  in  presiding  over  this  meeting.  He  was  sure  the  meeting  would  agree  him,  tint  his  situation  had  not  been,  a  sinecure.  He  offered  - STYLE=superscript  a  few  brief  comments  upon  the  various  positions  taken  he  the'  several  speakers,  and  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  to  say  that  in  the  year  1852,  out  of  65  societies  proposed,  only  six  had  been  founded  here.  It  was  very  clear  that  some  people  must  have  been  diddled  out  of  their:  cash.  He  thought  the  interests  of  the  public  would'  be  promoted  by  an  inquiry  into  the  subject  by  the  legislature.  .  •  •  Dr.  TAYLOR  seconded  the  motion,  and  apologised  for  the  ab  sence  of  the  mayor,  who  was  engaged;  or  .he  would,  have  been  there.  •  The  CHAIRMAN  briefly  returned  thanks,  and  the  meeting  separated  at  a  quarter  to  eleven  o'clock.  '  After  the  chairman  had  vacated  the  chair,  a  persen  tried  to  address  the  meeting,  impugning  the  judgment  of  Baron  Alder Alderson,  son, Alderson,  with  regard  to  burial  societies,  but  was  soon  left  by  the  company."
