text
"HEALTH  COMMITTEE.  The  first  Meeting  of  this  Committee,  on  its  re-appoint re-appointment,  ment, re-appointment,  was  held  yesterday.  The  following  members  were  present  :  Messrs.  Langsdale,  Gladstone,  Moss,  Dover,  Beckwith,  Fleming,  Nicholson,  Johnson,  Holhead,  Stew Stewart,  art, Stewart,  McNicol,  Godfrey,  Hodson  ;  Mr.  Alderman  LANGSDALE  was  re-elected  Chairman  for  the  ensuing  year,  and  Mr.  Alderman  Dover,  Vice-Chairman.  The  various  Sub  Com Committees  mittees Committees  of  the  body  were  then  re-appointed,  and  the  usual  routine  of  arrangements  for  conducting  the  business  of  the  Committee  made.  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  Beckwith,  se seconded  conded seconded  by  Mr.  Nicholson,  the  hour  of  meetmg  was  changed,  from  the  inconvenient  one  of  half-past  two  o'clock,  p.m.,  to  eleven  o'clock,  a.m.  Mr.  Newland,  the  borough  engineer  reported  that,  the  available  balance  to  be  spent  between  this  and  March  in  paving  was,  in  Liverpool,  £16,919;  Kirkdale,  £3,934  ;  Everton,  £2,050  ;  West  Derby,  £7,829  ;  Toxteth  Park,  £8,419;  for  sewerage,  Liverpool,  £3,800;  Everton,  £5,000  ;  West  Derby,  £BO9  ;  Toxteth  Park,  £2,457  ;  Kirkdale,  £6  10s.  9d.  This  was  exclusive  of  all  work  ordered.  Mr.  Johnson  directed  attention  to  a  nuisance  arising  in  London-road,  opposite  Audley-street,  caused  by  a  very  bad  smell  arising  out  of  a  sewer.  It  was  supposed  this  smell  originated  in  a  gut  manufactory,  in  Troughbndge Troughbndgestreet  street Troughbndgestreet  ;  and  the  attention  of  the  officers  of  this  Committee  was  directed  to  the  matter.  Mr  Risirrox,  the  Building  Surveyor,  reported  the  inspec inspection  tion inspection  within  the  last  three  weeks  of  505  delapidated  privies  and  ashpits,  399  of  which  were  undergoing  alterations  and  repairs,  and  106  of  which  required  such,  together  with  va various  rious various  other  details  in  his  department.  Mr.  NEWLANDS,  the  Borough  Engineer,  reported  nume numerous  rous numerous  particulars  of  etc  work  done  and  in  hand  in  his  de department.  partment. department.  Mr.  FRESH,  the  Inspector  of  Nuisances,  reported  the  emptying  of  3,216  cesspools,  the  inspection  of  408  nuisan nuisances  ces nuisances  complained  of  by  inhabitants,  and  the  reference  of  179  others  to  the  Borough  Engineer  for  remedy  by  drainage,  &amp;c,  with  a  detail  of  the  other  operations  of  his  staff,  including  particulars  of  a  sanitary  examination  of  2,532  court-houses,  302  lodging-houses,  and  2,630  cellars,  formerly  cleared  of  inmates  in  the  lowest  part  of  the  town,  and  from  which  it  appeared  that  the  sanitary  officers  had;  made  special  exami examination  nation examination  during  the  last  three  weeks,  of  7,716  different  apart apartments  ments apartments  in  street-houses,  and  8,010  rooms  in  court-houses,  in  the  districts  named,  for  the  purpose  of  eradicating  un unhealthiness  healthiness unhealthiness  therefrom,  besides  the  cellar  inspections  above  named.  The  proceedings  then  terminated.  POLICE  COURTS.-YESTERDAY.  LIVERPOOL.  VrritioL  THROWING.—Ann  Webster,  a  small  and  delicate delicatelooking  looking delicatelooking  woman,  was  charged  with  having,  between  8  and  9  o'clock  on  the  evening  of  the  22nd  ultimo,  in  Houghton Houghtonstreet,  street, Houghtonstreet,  thrown  a  quantity  of  vitriol  over  the  face  of  her  reputed  husband,  Gabriel  Webster,  as  he  lay  in  bed.  They  had  been  walking  out  together  that  evening,  and  had  taken  a  good  deal  of  drink.  Mist  out,  and  after  their  return,  they  had  had  sharp  words.  Webster,  the  reputed  husband,  presented  a  shocking  figure  on  coming  into  Court.  He  has  been  in  the  Royal  Infirmary  ever  since  he  received  the  injuries,  and  could  not  appear  until  yesterday,  for  which  reason  the  prisoner  had  been  twice  remanded  by  the  Magistrates.  His  head  and  neck,  and  nearly  all  his  face,  were  bound  up,  holes  being  cut  in  the  bandage  which  was  thrown  across  his  eyes.  The  unhappy  man  could  only  say  of  the  business,  that  after  having  quarrelled  with  the  prisoner,  he  lay  on  the  bed,  and  subsequently  saw  her  come  towards  him  and  throw  some  liquid  from  a  bottle  over  his  face,  which  pro produced  duced produced  a  strange  burning  sensation.  A  female  in  the  house  deposed  that,  she  heard  Webster  cry  out  in  accents  which  betokened  excruciatingagony,  and,  immediately  succeeding  this  ararm,  she  saw  the  prisoner  rushing  down  the  stairs.  Thomas  Davis,  druggist,  of  Copperas-hill  stated  that,  the  prisoner  had,  on  the  18th  of  October,  purchased  a  penny pennyworth  worth pennyworth  of  vitriol  in  his  shop,  which  she  stated  she  required  for  the  purpose  of  preparing  a  wash  for  the  hands  and  teeth.  Mr.  H.  Watters,  house  surgeon  of  the  Royal  Infirmary,  swore  that  the  complainant  was  admitted  to  that  institution  on  the  23rd  ultimo.  His  face  was  burned  and  blackened,  from  the  effects  of  some  corrosive  liquid.  He  had  not  since  been  in  a  fit  state  to  appear  to  give  his  evidence.  He  had  lost  his  eyebrows,  the  skin  of  his  eyelids,  and  a  great  portion  of  that  of  his  face  and  neck,  but  his  eyesight  had  almost  mi miraculously  raculously miraculously  escaped.  In  her  defence,  the  prisoner  said  that  she  held  a  bottle  of  vitriol,  (which  she  used  as  a  wash  when  qualified  with  other  ingredients),  in  her  hand  at  the  time  ;  that  being  excited  by  the  continual  drunkenness  of  her  husband,  she  might  have  thrown  it  over  him,  but  she  has  no  recollection  of  doing  so,  An  officer  deposed  that,  on  her  way  to  the  Bridewell,  the  prisoner  exclaimed  that  she  did  not  care  a  d-,  and  that  he  got  what  he  Webster  said  that  the  prisoner  was  not  his  wife,  but  that  they  had  lived  together  ten  or  twelve  years.  The  pillow  and  clothes  upon  which  the  injured  man  lay  at  the  moment  of  this  diabolical  outrage,  were  produced,  burned  into  holes  and  scorched.  The  magistrates  committed  the  prisoner  for  trial  at  the  assizes.  After  being  removed  to  the  table  where  depositions  are  taken,  prisoner  exclaimed  that  she  would  take  care  to  give  him  a  '  polishing'  before  she  had  STEALING  FRUIT  :  Christopher  Reily,  formerly  a  watch watchman  man watchman  over  vegetables  at  the  market,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  dozen  pears  from  a  stall  in  Great  Charlotte-street,  near  St.  John's  market.  This  case,  which  occupied  the  bench  tne  greater  portion  of  yesterday,  seemed  to  excite  consider considerable  able considerable  interest.  Mr.  Almond,  solicitor,  appeared  to  promote  the  prosecu prosecution  tion prosecution  against  the  prisoner.  He  said  it  was  a  case  in  which  the  circumstances  justified  very  strong  steps,  and  went  on  to  detail  the  facts  of  frequent  plunderings  of  fruit  taking  place  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  market,  and  the  circum circumstances  stances circumstances  of  the  prisoner's  arrest,  almost  in  the  actual  fact  of  purloining  a  quantity  of  pears  belonging  to  Edwin  Reaves,  fruit-dealer.  He  stated  that  the  prisoner  had  for  some  time  been  in  the  joint  employment  of  Mr.  Raves  and  other  parties  as  night  watchman,  but  for  months  he  had  dis discontinued  continued discontinued  this  connection.  Market  Constable  Lloyd  was  examined,  and  stated  that  on  Wednesday  night  he  was  on  special  duty  at  Gill-street  market,  and  by  order  of  his  superintendent,  proceeded  to  Great  Charlotte-street,  where  he  hid  himself  under  the  steps  of  the  Fish  market,  opposite  the  middle  entrance  to  St.  John's  market,  at  about  a  quarter  past  twelve  o'clock.  He  eould  see  the  baskets  of  fruit  covered  with  tarpaulin  at  the  opposite  side  of  the  street.  He  saw  the  prisoner  come  up  and  approach  the  baskets.  He  had  known  him  before.  He  saw  him  go  away  and  return,  and  then  he  stooped  down  over  one  of  the  baskets,  which  was  the  property  of  Mr.  Reaves  ;  witness  went  up  to  him  and  asked  him  if  he  was  watchman.  Prisoner  answered  that  ho  was  not.  He  then  crossed  the  street,  throwing  some  pears  from  him.  An  officer  came  up,  and  was  by  when  prisoner  got  rid  of  the  pears,  and  when  witness  made  him  prisoner.  He  said,  when  accused,  Do  you  think  no  one  has  pears  beside  Reaves  and  at  the  same  time  witness  had  mentioned  no  name  to  prisoner.  This  witness  was  cross-examined  at  great  length  by  Mr.  Duke,  of  the  firm  of  Robinson  and  Duke.  He  elicited  that  witness  had  been,  on  that  night,  at  three  dif different  ferent different  periods,  in  the  public  house  of  Mr.  Porter.  He  had  drank  two  glasses  of  whisky,  and  after  the  arrest  of  the  pri prisoner,  soner, prisoner,  one  half-glass  of  brandy  there,  and  he  did  not  know  who  had  paid  for  the  last  whisky  or  the  brandy.  He  had  himself  paid  for  the  first  whisky  ;  Mrs.  Porter  and  Mrs.  Reaves  were  in  the  house,  and  after  the  arrest  he  saw  Mr.  Luya  '  the  superintendent  of  St.  John's  market,  there  He  said  to  him,  Have  you  got  any  one  witness  said  said  Mr.  Luya,  Christopher  Riley  was  the  answer,  upon  which  Mr.  Luya  said,  Ah!  you  have  got  Riley,  have  In  answer  to  other  questions,  witness  said  that  he  had  read  in  a  newspaper  the  report  of  the  case  of  v.  in  the  County  Court.  He  never  knew  that  Riley  was  a  witness  for  Sykes  in  that  matter,  nor  was  he  ever  told  so  by  Lnya  or  Porter.  Mrs.  Reaves  deposed  that  she  knew  the  prisoner.  He  was  formerly  a  watchman  of  hers.  Last  night  she  had  apples,  pears,  and  walnuts  under  the  shed,  The  pears  were  of  a  very  peculiar  kind.  They  were  French  fruit  called  glout  rnorceau,  and  worth  from  3s.  to  4s.  the  dozen.  The  pears  produced  she  positivoly  identified  as  her  husband's  property.  Mr.  Duke  addressed  the  Court  for  the  defence,  princi principally  pally principally  relying  on  the  little  credibility  that  he  asserted  should  be  placed  on  the  market  officer,  Lloyd,  (who  contrary  to  the  regulations  of  the  police,  would  accept  of  free  drink  in  a  pub publice  lice publice  house),  against  a  man  whose  character  had  been  hither hitherto  to hitherto  unblemished.  The  M%gistrates  said  they  thoui;ht  that  the  defence  was  going  to  be  the  animus,  which  might  have  actuated  the  prosecution.  They  would  remand  the  case  until  to-morrow,  in  order  to  have  the  evidence  of  the  police  officer  who  was  by,  as  stated  by  Lloyd,  when  the  arrest  was  made  and  the  pears  snapped.  ILLEGALLY  PAWNING.—Mary  Bradshaw,  convicted  of  illegally  pledging  a  shawl,  at  Mr.  Woodriffe's  pawn  shop,  the  property  of  Bridget  M'Crivie,  of  Albert-place,  Great  Homer-street,  was  sentenced  to  pay  ls.  6d.  value  of  shawl,  20s.  fine,  or  to  be  imprisoned  for  7  days.  COMMITMENTS.--Daniel  Lees,  for  stealing  rope  from  the  ship  Philharmonic,  one  months'  imprisonment.  William  Johnson,  for  stealing  a  piece  of  gingham  from  56,  Mill Millstreet,  street, Millstreet,  two  months'  imprisonment.  Thomas  .Power  at attempting.  tempting. attempting.  to  steal  mutton  from  the  shop  of  Anne  Barnes,  of  Wood-street,  and  assaulting  her,  three  months'  impri imprisonment.  sonment. imprisonment.  ASSAULT  CASE.—Jane  Bryton,  was  summoned  by  Fanny  Williams  for  an  assault.  Defendant  is  housekeeper  in  the  establishment  of  Mr.  Harrison,  of  Spring  Hill,  and  plaintiff  is  a  housemaid  in  the  same  service.  On  Saturday  last  de defendants  fendants defendants  in  a  very  unprovoked  manner,  assaulted  Williams,  and  threw  a  jug  and  knife  at  her.  It  was  said  that  Bryton  was  a  relation  of  Mr.  Harrison,  who  is  a  very  aged  person.  Mr.  Clough  said  that  he  had  been  informed  that  defend defendant  ant defendant  (who  was  a  most  respectable-looking  elderly  female)  had  acquired  drinking  habits,  which  made  her  not  only  uncom uncomfortable  fortable uncomfortable  to  her  own  household,  but  to  the  public  generally.  It  was,  he  believed,  with  great  reluctance,  that  the  present  eourse  was  takan.  --  -- STYLE=superscript  T  o  SA  The  magistrates  ordered  her  to  find  two  s  ecuritie  s STYLE=superscript  is  i  o  ti4  and  bind  herself  in  £2O,  to  keep  the  peace  toward  s STYLE=superscript  P  or  in  default,  be  imprisoned  for  one  month.  ABSCONDING  FROM  THE  INDUSTRIAL  SC STYLE=superscript  Lloyd,  James  Murphy,  Samuel  Foster,  Charles  Pa  r STYLE=superscript  '  ,y'  Daniel  .Devlin,  boys  connected  with  the  Industxusitio7,lol,  were  put  forward,  charged  with  absconding  f  r°lll STYLE=superscript  00,  with  the  clothes  of  that  establishment,  and  a  wolartio'  Ann  M,lntyre  was  accused  of  having  purchase  d STYLE=superscript  3P STYLE=superscript  the  clothing.  oroP  atl STYLE=superscript  The  master  tailor  of  the  school  swore  to  tins„.  produced,  which  had  the  brand  of  the  house  upoll,i'votd  From  evidence  given,  it  appeared  that  it  wa  s STYLE=superscript  the STYLE=superscript  to  01  of  one  of  the  boys,  Lloyd,  who  had  sold  the  aPr  i STYLE=superscript  li  a  l,.  if  prisoner,  M'lntyre,  and  this  woman  is  now  s  ull STYLE=superscript  prisonment  in  jail  for  another  crime.  eh.  *  cl/1  The  tailor  said  this  crime  of  absconding  wit  of  the  establishment  was,  unhappily,  becoming  a STYLE=superscript  t  .  7  .1 STYLE=superscript  practice,  and  the  directors  wished,  if  possible,  to  Pis  to  it.  At  the  request  of  Mr.  Clough,  the  case  w  as STYLE=superscript  -  ~p  et  trou  l  until  next  Saturday,  when  the  woman  Lloyd,  wh  ° STYLE=superscript  3 STYLE=superscript  Prour  the  most  guilty  party  in  the  transaction,  could  be  up.  c  EXTENSIVE  ROBBERY  FROM  THE  PERSON.-  - STYLE=superscript  A,  ra STYLE=superscript  ,  lP STYLE=superscript  a  t  was  remanded  charged  with,  on  Tuesday  o'clock,  in  Waterloo,  stealing  from  the  person  °  Hilton.  a  flat  man  the  sum  of  £2B  in  sovereigns.  4  11  0 STYLE=superscript  Complainant  said  that  prisoner  and  another  lo  t  l  a STYLE=superscript  i  s#  come  up  to  him  and  hustled  him,  robbing  him,  at  he  time.  •  thisl6  The  prisoner  belongs  to  a  family  of  well-known  '  and  had  been  seven  times  before  committed.  ho  d  A  MELANCHOLY  CASE.—Edward  Ellis,  a  tall,  hali STYLE=superscript  c  o  old  man,  whose  appearance  evidenced  b  e  tter  b  i  s STYLE=superscript  J  o  bl  charged  with  offering  for  sale,  at  the  book-stand  °,  0  0 STYLE=superscript  0  Bentley,  in  Lime-street,  onevolume  of  a  work  of  sora.,ol  entitled  Women  of  and  which  bore  title  page  the  mark  of  the  British  and  Foreign  Lino  l  o  Y STYLE=superscript  i  Mr.  Bentley  stated  that  the  prisoner  had  offerea,  o  l  book  for  eighteen  pence,  he  getting  nine  pence  ill  ,  0  10  1 STYLE=superscript  ,j  nine  pence  when  he  would  produce  the  other,,  Witness  said  this  would  not  do,  but  told  him  to  yr  other  volume  and  he  would  give  him  the  money  (t7  64  /1;  for  the  purpose  of  detecting  the  p  r  i  soner  ,  as  he  aLwdr,,  posed  the  book  to  belong  to  the  Free  Library).  .Mate  asked  prisoner  what  he  was,  when  the  unhapPf  ,  0  replied  with  tears  that  he  had  received  the  edtletfe,  gentleman,  but  through  losses  in  business  he  and  &#34;'&#34;,,pes.``  . STYLE=superscript  were  reduced  to  a  most  miserable  condition.  Ile  (I STYLE=superscript  for  the  truth  of  what  he  said  to  a  respectable  ge  ll STYLE=superscript  ute  rr,  l STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Smith  then  present.  Mr.  Smith  said  that  the  o STYLE=superscript  ',  v  of  prisoner  as  to  his  respectability  was  correct,  but  j  o  e,  poverty,  he  found  out  it  was  the  result  of  drinkill.s,  and  general  improvidence.  He  had  applied  to  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  11- STYLE=superscript  00  k  1  Smith)  once,  and  on  that  occaion  :he  had  raise('  b  l  e  b  subscription  three  pounds,  ten  shillings,  most  of  °L  i  r  believed  he  had  spent  in  drink.  His  wife  and  were  superior  and  industrious  people,  who  lived  by  e  A  DEPRAVED  DAUGHTER.—Grace  Hughes,  a  r  ulig STYLE=superscript  e  o  man  of  about  twenty-four,  was  charged  by  her  nint,  h STYLE=superscript  h  ist  robbing  her.  The  complainant  said  it  was  hard  p  , STYLE=superscript  a  mother  to  say,  but  she  begged  of  the  magistrates,  t STYLE=superscript  ?  fi  g  sr,  this  unfortunate  girl,  as  she  had  acquired  drill'ot  depraved  habits,  and  kept  late  hours,  and  vile  e  c STYLE=superscript  ;  it  tlr  She  was  drunk  last  night  when  booked.  The  latter.Ao  confirmed  by  .  the  police,  who  said  the  prosecut  o STYLE=superscript  most  industrious,  hard  working,  and  respectable  woman.  The  magistrates  said  there  was  little  W  as  :,  girl.  They  would  now  treat  her  case  as  one  of  and  fine  her  55.,  or  three  days  imprisonment.  Bar  CAUTION  TO  UN-LICENSED  Lu  GGAGE  PORTERSI,  Fitzpatrick,  _Hugh  Riley,  Michael  Wilson,  Henry  ‘,41  Robert  Shannon,  for  applying  for  luggage,  without  7r  obtained  licenses,  were  each  fined  2s.  6d.  and  costs  , STYLE=superscript  imprisoned  for  fourteen  days  in  default  of  payment  . STYLE=superscript  01  STEALING  GLASS  Doons.—A  man  named  /alga  0!  1 STYLE=superscript  .,  remanded  from  yesterday,  was  again  brought  fore  charge  of  stealing  three  glass  doors,  a  large  piec  e STYLE=superscript  o  f1  4 STYLE=superscript  :  0  framing,  and  several  other  articles,  from  the  0  4 STYLE=superscript  ?  4 STYLE=superscript  ,  i  Fergi,  Roscoe-street,  on  the  21st  of  , STYLE=superscript  September  las!.  fa  of  the  property  has  been  found,  and  identified  by  Jst  d  0  09 STYLE=superscript  as  his  property.  The  prisoner  was  not  last  Monday.  He  was  fully  committed  for  trial.  MANCHESTER.  n  THE  LATE  ROBBERY  OF  A  SILK  MANITFACTOIair•  --- STYLE=superscript  4  prisoners,  Walker,  Butler,  Bushell,  Langley,  riPPioc  c STYLE=superscript  Thomas,  were  brought  up,  on  remand  from  Monday'  otoleA  the  first  two  with  receiving  knowing  it  to  have  boer  k  t STYLE=superscript  and  the  last  four  with  stealing,  a  quantity  of  L  14 STYLE=superscript  1,  0 STYLE=superscript  050  from  the  premises  of  Mr.  Miles  S  im  p  son  ,  to  The  particulars  of  this  case  we  have  a  l  rea  dy  g  iveo,2  $111  )e STYLE=superscript  f  period  of  the  remand.  To-day,  Mr.  Beswici,  cb  0  0 STYLE=superscript  4)  intendent  of  police,  was  for  the  prosecution;  solicitor,  was  for  the  prisoners  Bushell,  Lano  l STYLE=superscript  s;ter  e  a  to  and  Thomas  •  and  Mr.  Bent,  solicitor,  was  for  °l STYLE=superscript  'al  oe  ss  Butler.  It  will  be  remembered  that  access  was  1) STYLE=superscript  „,  1  0 STYLE=superscript  the  premises  by  crossing  the  river.  The  first  l'  t  otea  examined  to-day  was  John  Edward  Hughes,  who  ''ot,b°  vet  he  was  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  Hughes,  who  letshe  dooey  On  Saturday  evening,  about  nine  o'elo/t  e  Thomas  came  to  his  master's  and  asked  ..„i`  Bade  r  e STYLE=superscript  boat  to  go  up  the  river  for  half  an  hour;  -u-  r STYLE=superscript  •  John  1'  to  lend  him  the  boat  as  it  was  too  ifiat  i  s  se  in  the  employment  of  ISEN,  n  any,  irie-  - STYLE=superscript  t  it  who  keeps  a  number  of  boats  for  hire,  stated  n  e  OL  D  one  of  his  master's  boats  on  Sunday  morning•  safe  at  half-past  five  o'clock  on  Saturday  eve°  l STYLE=superscript  7Stal'  al STYLE=superscript  he  fastened  all  the  boats  up.  On  the  afternoon  ° STYLE=superscript  fteretl  o  the  boat  was  found  at  Throstle  Nest.  On  Tuesday  i'  bef  the  same  boat  was  inspected  by  Inspector  Mg'  csr`  r  ,  found  in  it  a  small  piece  of  paper.  Joseph  Wils°  ll STYLE=superscript  ',  bee  in  the  employment  of  William  Bailey,  who  keerTipt;  ii  i  shop  in  Salford,  stated  that  on  Sunday  morning  at  a  Bushell,  and  a  man  not  in  custody,  called  upon  hl°l  a  to  WY  ten  minutes  past  six  ;  they  told  him  to  put  the  .  .b°  l STYLE=superscript  to  cart,  which  he  did,  and  they  directed  him  to  st  hey  Top  Station  ;  they  met  with  him  ;  they  started  A  be  ;  t  y  lo  past  6  or  20  minutes  to  seven  o'clock,  in  the  eveoil  a  rt  brought  a  bag  with  them,  which  was  put  into  the  vi  r  s  llo  o  'could  0,1.4  drove  the  cart  to  the  house  of  one  of  the  prisoners/  at  Collyhurst  ;  when  they  got  to  Walker's,  the  L'  be  bac  taken  into  the  house,  and  the  prisoners  went  in  by  ,  door  •  witness  saw  Walker,  who  was  below  stairs  a  be  dow,  'looking  into  the  garden  '  •  Langley  told  witness  ociio  better  go,  on  which  he  turned  his  horse's  head,  and,  t STYLE=superscript  oleo'  home  about  half  past  9  o'clock;  shortly  afterwards  Tipping,  and  Bushell,  came  to  his  master's  and  tl  e  again  to  put  his  horse  to  the  cart,  which  he  , STYLE=superscript  did;  T  r  sei  m  met  him  at  Ordsall-lane,  when  the  prisoner  Thomas  r  e  a  bundle  with  him  which  contained  silk  ;  he  a,gail,  ll STYLE=superscript  V,fer  A  ,;  cart  to  Walker's  house,  where  the  bundle  was  Thomas  said  he  had  got  five  sovereigns  for  the  g°°,  l  •,,Pi  others  said  he  must  have  got  more,  and  went  to  see  /0,  Thomas  afterwards  paid  witness  2s.  6d.  for  the  eartaefli,  that  he  had  got  £7  Hs.  altogether  for  the  goods  - STYLE=superscript  ,  al;  bag  produced  (which  was  found  in  Walker's  - STYLE=superscript  hoilse/;tio  like  the  one  the  other  prisoner  put  on  the  cart  the  ti  rs STYLE=superscript  ie  ric,  ° STYLE=superscript  ,  they  came  to  him.  A  person  named  Clarke,  who  is  °  to  v  i  j  an  attorney,  endeavoured  to  persuade  him  to  g°  country  until  to-day's  examination  was  over,  but  be  not.  Inspector  Maybury,  in  addition  to  his  former  ef  l STYLE=superscript  a'  stated  when  he  searched  the  boat  belonging  to  1  0 STYLE=superscript  he  found  in  it  the  piece  of  paper  produced.  tea  Mr.  Brown,  manager  to  Mr.  Miles  Simpson,  st  s STYLE=superscript  yarns,the  T  p  h  a  c  e  p  e  rpi  o  so  o  f  r  nt  eo  a  rn  p  eßor  of  wttl  the  re  s  s  a  wtoas  t  e  c  n  k  d  s  e  p  t  or  h  ao  b  p  e  r  l  eg  o  r  t  n  e  yd  g  ng  to  the  bl  aa STYLE=superscript  committed  to  take  their  trial.  and  the  ate:::  STEALING  A  BREAKFAST.—Yesterday,  at  the  Borough  Court,  a  young  man  named  William  .Roihnt)  i STYLE=superscript  years  of  age,  was  found  guilty  of  having,  on  the  ii  ,  November,  stolen  a  breakfast  from  a  little  boy  I  g STYLE=superscript  r  i  taking  it  in  a  can  to  his  father,  and  adjudged  to  g  imprisonment,  with  hard  labour.  4  110 STYLE=superscript  CAUTION  TO  CARTERS.—At  the  Borough  Court,  yesterday,  William  Young,  of  Halshaw  Moor,  was  n,c  r STYLE=superscript  e  with  being  drunk  and  incapable,  about  half-pe  s STYLE=superscript  t  o'clock  on  the  previous  evening,  in  Frederick-stre  e STYLE=superscript  `,i,  0  1 STYLE=superscript  0  was  in  charge  of  two  horses  and  carts,  laden  with  0 STYLE=superscript  7,  t  ,i0  unable  to  take  care  of  them,  being  laid  in  the  et  re STYLE=superscript  helpless  state  of  intoxication.  Fined  10s.  and  costs  . STYLE=superscript  ROBBERY  OF  WEARING  APPAREL.—At  the  Otl  a  Court,  yesterday,  two  boys  named  Joseph  BooF,'&#34;A  Henry  Clifton  and  an  elderly  female  named  Sa,,  , STYLE=superscript  Rigge,  were  charged,  the  former  two  with  stcal  ie STYLE=superscript  so,  the  woman  with  receiving,  knowing  it  to  be  s  t° STYLE=superscript  o,  o  qnautity  of  wearing  apparel  from  a  house  in  Ca  1  0. STYLE=superscript  After  a  short  examination,  all  the  three  prifac  j  committed  to  take  their  trials  at  the  sessions,  33irtb5,  OtarriageO,  at  0  3:50  11 STYLE=superscript  /  lit  ° STYLE=superscript  BIRTHS.  Ai  '  Sei  On  the  sth  instant,  at  No.  18,  South-street,  Tex  ma STYLE=superscript  o  ff  „-  lady  of  Captain  Pickering.  of  the  ship  Martha.  of  this  port.  „tale  On  the  sth  instant,  at  Hay  House,  Park-lane,  SIM  )1 STYLE=superscript  ..  0  . STYLE=superscript  a  son  of  '  4 STYLE=superscript  '  On  the  9th  instant,  at  Abercromby-square,  the  Wife  Lemonius,  Esq.,  of  a  daughter.  0  a  WO  r  MARRIAGES.  s'  11  06 STYLE=superscript  a  0  At  Weybridge,  on  Tuesday,  the  Bth  instant,  by  the  se  con  b  oO  e  l  Gifford,  M.A.,  Albert  Vaillant,  Captain  Bombay  Aroll  , STYLE=superscript  tiVo  o  loo  viving  son  of  the  late  Rev.  Philip  Valliant,  rector  of  Stoht  te  C  ,  Surrey,  to  Giulia  Isabella,  youngest  daughter  of  the  St  o  k  e  oe,  Maceroni,  of  Weybridge.  Parr  a  in  06 STYLE=superscript  a  OSl'  On  the  Bth  instant,  at  St.  Clement  Danes  Chure--.,  d  ,  O-  Henry  James  Owen.  of  Live  Tool.  Esq.,  to  Francis  f  t  ,  of  daughter  of  the  late  William  Dickenson  Nethersele,  le  1,00  ,  street,  Strand.  Esq.  EATHS.  On  the  Bth  instant,  in  the  Ile  of  an,  aged  49,  th  e STYLE=superscript  Se. STYLE=superscript  Dickson  Blundell,  Esq.,  of  this  town.  1  80  41. STYLE=superscript  1 STYLE=superscript  ~,  Ems'  .di  On  the  Bth  instant,  at  Bootle,  aged  36,  R.  W.  Flute  fo  r  the_dor  On  the  Bth  instant,  at  Conway,  where  he  had  gene,,,,  io  d  1  3°..- STYLE=superscript  i  of  his  health,  Charles  Euston,  second  son  of  the  late  g  u STYLE=superscript  1  1° STYLE=superscript  of  P  o STYLE=superscript  f  o  Esq.,  of  Seacombe.  .  ~  At  it.  George's,  Bermuda,  on  the  22nd  of  Sept  et STYLE=superscript  Twic  e STYLE=superscript  01  13 STYLE=superscript  fever,  aged  23,  Georgina  Maria  Louisa  Phillis,  th!  don  the  e  t  Lieutenant  Montagu  Whitmore,  Royal  Engineers;  g'  nil  1,0  September,  their  infant  daughter.  At  Berlin,  on  the  26th  ultimo  of  cholera,  after  a  n STYLE=superscript  ,  i STYLE=superscript  b  i STYLE=superscript  rbet  sii STYLE=superscript  days,  Charlotte,  the  wife  of  dtho  Baron  d'EndTi.t  o  f  lloi  Majesty  the  King  of  Saxony,  and  eldest  daue  ?ix,  r  irerlii  General  Sir  John  Forster  Fitz  Geral  d,  K.C.B.  ati'l  1  /  ,,  u  tes„  .  0  On  the  601  instant.  at  Bagneres  deli  1_  _gorr,  mone  hesle•'  Lucy,  the  beloved  wife  of  Alfred  Binyon,  Esq.,  of  1  1 STYLE=superscript  52nd  year.  WILL,,--  R.  Of  (  I  s  .  i  u  N.-I.  ,  t  o  sta  tw  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  o  d  Oxford  Street,  at  his  General  P  r  inting.  00  1,  Establishment,l9,vEisf  South  No  John  Street,  tree  l,  t  i  L  i  v  i STYLE=superscript  s  elY STYLE=superscript  s  _  3.  FRIDAY,  P4_TB00063 JA  4  Lite  0  . STYLE=superscript  Vey,  e  t4c  P4_TB00064 I\  Thi  P4_TB00065 ,  -4  P4_TB00066 •. STYLE=superscript  ~!1  'l  ~~  ia;  tl  O STYLE=superscript  011  42  HIGH  WATER.  .  Morn.  Even.  Ht.  t  l STYLE=superscript  /  4  - STYLE=superscript  4y  H.  M.  H.  M.  F.  I.  ii%  4  44 STYLE=superscript  (14'  ......  Nov  11..  8  20..  8  49..13  5  ...  4 STYLE=superscript  1,,  h  4 STYLE=superscript  ,Y  •  .....  Nov  12..  9  15..  9  38..14  5  l'y  e  Nky  •••  •  •  .  Nov  13..  10  0..  10  20..15  5  '  .....  Nov  14..10  37..10  55..16  4  . STYLE=superscript  11„,4,4  a  ;,'  ••  •  •  Nov  15..  11  12..  II  27..16  7  Ppirda  v  , STYLE=superscript  •  •  •  .  Nov  16..  11  43..  II  59..16  10  kt  u STYLE=superscript  •`,,  .**  ••  •  •  Nov  17..  --..  0  15..16  9  6  '  , STYLE=superscript  N  u  •  .....  Nov  18..  0  30..  0  46..16  5  lii  k4,l STYLE=superscript  ay''  ..  •  •  ••••  Nov  Ig..  1  2..  1  18..15  9  dap••  •  •  .Nov  20..  I  34..  1  51..14  11  ltr;!day  •••  •  •  •Nov  21..  2  10..  2  29..13  9  I•4`  o, STYLE=superscript  4t  ic  i  ,  ...  12..  12  8  4 STYLE=superscript  pcla  y  Y  •  ••  •  •  Nov  23..  3  38..  4  6..11  8  kh.  ay  •••  •  •  Nov  24..  4  39..  5 STYLE=superscript  14 STYLE=superscript  ..  11 STYLE=superscript  •••  •  .  Nov  25..  5  54..  6  36..  11  5  lit  c  ;'  , STYLE=superscript  lay  ......  Nov  26..  7  13..  7  48..12  4 STYLE=superscript  'l'  4  4 STYLE=superscript  day  . STYLE=superscript  .......  Nov  27..  8  17..  8  43 STYLE=superscript  ..  14 STYLE=superscript  0 STYLE=superscript  ......  Nov  28  .  9  7.  •  9  31..15  I  0  ....  Nov  2390::  10  3  54  9:  10  120:1  '--'  l4 STYLE=superscript  .tia.S.L  SHIP  NEWS.  LIVERPOOL.  Nov;  10.  V.  Ind  at  Holyhead—S.W.,  head—S.  W  fresh  .  d  Liver  po  ol—S.W.,  rnoderaie,  Arrived.  -I,  A$ STYLE=superscript  ARRIVED  IN  DOGE.  KINGS.  ek  egki STYLE=superscript  nqn,  4,  Go  re  ,  Ell  esm  e  r  e  I STYLE=superscript  katadt  ac STYLE=superscript  on.  264,  Ritchie,  Campbell  and  Rudd,  tlk  41,  0  COBURGH.  ()  600,  1)  and  C  111`Iver,Havre  34,  Davison,  Cardigan  PRINCES.  7',  1 STYLE=superscript  5111  0  ,  in  the  ltivcr  Inward  Mound.  John's,  11P4 STYLE=superscript  J;:  iie°4 STYLE=superscript  '  1e( STYLE=superscript  r  l' STYLE=superscript  ,  ). STYLE=superscript  Lo  W STYLE=superscript  rfn  st, STYLE=superscript  ,  N STYLE=superscript  St  ew STYLE=superscript  J  s  Nevdoundland  I STYLE=superscript  th  '  rg, STYLE=superscript  3 STYLE=superscript  7  Dow  e  ll  ,  8  . STYLE=superscript  ht  Si  ' STYLE=superscript  Jones,  Kand  Slig  ht  blr,  43 STYLE=superscript  +J  lumen  E  Windes,  Ulvestone  %  ee  .  of  Douglas,  82.  Quick,  Cardiff  °'  44 STYLE=superscript  ,  Beattie,  Miners  &amp;  Co,  Runcorn  4iti,.  BRUNSWICK.  It STYLE=superscript  oiV  ie, STYLE=superscript  40  ,  t  ,  Behi  k  °,  Holt,  Bahr  &amp;  Co,  Christianstadj  h  o  ce,  pri,,e  ,  647,  Ralkely,  E  Oliver,  Quebec  PZice,l7.°l  Hardma,  Jarobftad  ~....lori,  v.  i  i  l'Kenzie,  Houghton  and  Co  Cl  ALBERT.  e,*o„,  4 STYLE=superscript  '  4 STYLE=superscript  .  3 STYLE=superscript  54,  Smith,  J  am  i  eson  Brs,  B  a  l  t  i  more  tto,  - STYLE=superscript  ,  14 STYLE=superscript  /  1  ,  748,  B  e  ll  s  ,  N  ew  Orleans  '  4 STYLE=superscript  411,  6 STYLE=superscript  ;  6 STYLE=superscript  2  4 STYLE=superscript  848,  Chistholm,  and  Anderson"
