text
"gate  bp  atution.  ,'  THIS  DAY  (Tuesday).—Valuable  HOUSEHOLD  FtJ  ie  TUBE,  Drawing-r  oom  su  it  e  o  f  R  osewoo  d  ,  Cottage  •  P  forte,  in  rosewood  case,  handsome  three-light  Gas  Clisr  l STYLE=superscript  •  lies,  and  Effects.  ,  e  , STYLE=superscript  'A  /[R.  GRICE  has  instru  c  ti  ons  t  o  SELL  by  AL  Ti STYLE=superscript  0  TION,  on  this  day,  (Tu  es  d  ay  ),  th  e  27  t  h  i  ns  tant/  t  Eleven  o'clock  prom  t,  on  the  Premises,  17,  St.  Anne-1,  (near  Norton-street  the  whole  of  the  truly  valuable  HOUSEHOLD  F  RNITURE,  comprising,  in  Dra  ls STYLE=superscript  7;  i  room,  set  of  eight  rosewood  chairs,  couch,  easy  chair  an,.  swing  ditto,  cottage  piano-forte,  handsome  chimney  g  l STYLE=superscript  l,  china  ornaments,  engravings,  Brussels  carpets  and  rugs,  113 STYLE=superscript  table,  chiffonniere  of  fine  wood,  chandelier,  fenders  and  fil  l STYLE=superscript  o  r  irons.  The  Drawing  and  Sitting  Rooms  include  two  sets  modern  chairs,  sofa,  and  a  couch,  in  h  a  i  rc  l  ot  h,  dining  tab  le STYLE=superscript  ;  handsome  bookcase,  a  pedestal  sidebo  ar  d,  capital  100  tab`  , STYLE=superscript  on  massive  pillar  and  block  ?  a  Pembroke  an  d  a  car  d  tabl  e STYLE=superscript  '  several  easy  and  rocking  chairs,  in  leather  and  hair  cloth,  01s.  hogany  chiffonniere,  two  chimney  glasses,  in  gilt  frames,  f'  6 STYLE=superscript  '  veral  fine  engravings  and  paintings,  Brussels  and  Kidde  r STYLE=superscript  minster  carpets  and  rugs,  fenders,  fire-irons,  vases,  diet, STYLE=superscript  t  service.  The  Bedrooms  are  furnished  with  ca  pit  a  l  f  ou  r-FP  bedsteads  and  hangings,  several  half-tester  ditto,  prime  be  3. STYLE=superscript  soned  feather  beds,  toilet  tables  and  stands,  mahogany  drailZ,  ers,  commode,  painted  chamber  article  s  ,  c  h  a  i  rs  ,  car  p  e  t  s  ,  table  and  hatstand,  wheel  barometer,  eight•day  c  l  o  ck,  °  cloth,  stair  carpet,  and  the  kitchen  items,  dresser,  and  othe  r STYLE=superscript  articles  of  domestic  use.  May  be  seen  on  the  morning  of  sale,  and  catalogues  10  1 STYLE=superscript  from  Mr.  Grice,  40,  Whitechapel."
