text
"THE  STRIKES  IN  EAST  LANCASHIRE.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.)  DECEMBER  26.  To-day:a  large  meeting  of  operatives  took  place  in  Union Unionsquare,  square, Unionsquare,  Bury,  for  the  purpose  of  taking  into  consideration  the  steps  that  should  be  taken  with  respect  to  the  present  struggle  between  the  factory  operatives  and  their  employers.  On  Saturday  evening  last  a  meeting  of  the  Bury  cotton cottonspinners  spinners cottonspinners  and  manufacturers'  was  held,  the  re result  sult result  of  which  was  that  a  notice  should  be  extensively  posted  ,  throughout  the  district,  which  might  in  the  opinion  of  the  meeting  lead  to  a  final  settlement  of  the  matter  in  dispute.  'The  following  is  the  notice  to  which  we  have  referred  :  Some  months  ago  we  were  compelled,  in  self-defence,  to  form  an  association  for  the  purpose  of  supporting  each  other  against  the  encroachments  and  unreasonable  demands  of  a  por portion  tion portion  of  our  work  people;  and  on  the  25th  of  October  we  issued  a  notice  that  if  the  disputes  then  existing  between  the  operatives  who  were  on  strike  and  their  masters  were  not  arranged  by  the  10th  of  November,  we  should  cease  working.  We  did  this  because  we  thought  it  necessary  to  counteract  the  action  of  the  Trades'  Union—to  stop  the  intimidation  used  in  our  mills  to  compel  every  person  to  subscribe  towards  the  sup support  port support  of  turn-outs,  and  to  prevent  combined  efforts  being  brought  to  bear  upon  individuals.  Since  that  time  the  hands  on  strike  have  remained  in  the  same  position,  quite  regardless  of  the  misery  inflicted  by  their  proceedings;  and  as  we  are  sensible  that  many  of  the  hands  who  are  not  implicated  in  the  strike'  are  suffering  great  wretchedness,  we  have  agreed,  at  the  request  of  those  masters  whose  hands  are  on  strike,  to  give  permission  to  such  masters  as  may  be  desirous  to  do  so,  to  resume  work  for  any  time,  not  exceeding  four  days  a  week  until  the  first  day  of  February  next,  on  the  condition,  however,  which  is  in indispensable,  dispensable, indispensable,  and  compliance  with  which  alone,  will  enable  us  to  hold  out  the  hope  that  we  can  relinquish  our  associated  capacity,  that  no  collection  be  made  among  our  work  people  for  the  support  of  either  local  or  distant  turn-outs  ;  and  we  dis distinctly  tinctly distinctly  state  that  we  shall  resist  such  conduct  by  all  the  means  in  our  power,  even  if  we  should  again  have  recourse  to  the  total  stoppage  of  our  mills.  As  nothing  can  possibly  be  gained  by  the  present  ---bina ---binations  tions ---binations  and  counter  combinations.  hope  that  mutual  good  understand;ns  out  enlightened  views,  will  induce  both  parties  to  rely  solely  on  that  system  of  individual  arrangement,  without  which,  neither  workmen  nor  masters  can  enjoy  long-continued  prosperity.  Bury,  Dec.  24,  The  notice  having  been  posted  on  the  walls,  attracted  considerable  attention  in  the  town  yesterday  morning,  and  it  was  resolved  to  have  an  open-air  meeting  of  the  operatives  to  determine  what  should  be  done.  In  order  to  secure  a  large  attendance  the  various  committees  refused  to  pay  the  operatives  the  usual  weekly  relief  until  after  the  meeting  had  terminated.  The  operatives  walked  in  procession  from  the  various  committee  meetings  to  Union  Square,  when  there  were  several  thousand  persons  present.  A  waggon  was  used  as  a  platform,  from  which  the  speakers  addressed  the  meeting.  Mr.  W.  Platt  occupied  the  chair,  and  the  meeting  was  addressed  by  Mr.  Sh  aw  ,  o  f  R  a  d  c  liff  e,  and  Mr.  Walsh,  of  Bury.  The  speakers  commented  at  con considerable  siderable considerable  length  on  the  notice  which  had  been  issued.  Subsequently  the  following  resolution  was  unanimously  carried  :  That  this  meeting  is  of  opinion  that  the  notice  of  our  employers  now  posted  on  the  walls  of  this  town  be  rejected,  and  that  we  accept  nothing  less  than  the  free  exercise  of  our  own  opinions  upon  all  subjects  affecting  our  rights  and  privileges  as  After  the  passing  of  the  resolution,  the  people  were  admonished  to  retire  peaceably,  which  they  did  accordingly.  LORD  PALMERSTON'S  REPLY  TO  THE  OPERA OPERATIVES  TIVES OPERATIVES  OF  PRESTON.  FR  OUR  OWN  CORRESP  OND  FZ.Nt.  PRESTON,  EC.  26.—1  t  will  be  remembered  that  a  short  time  ago,  a  memorial  was  addressed  to  Lord  Palmerston  in  reference  to  the  contest  at  present  going  on  between  the  fac factory.  tory. factory.  operatives  of  this  town  and  their  employers.  That  me memorial  morial memorial  was  adopted  at  a  general  meeting  of  weavers'  delegates.  Yesterday,  Mr.  Winder  Smith,  president  of  the  operative  executive  council,  received  the  following  reply  from  the  Home-office  :  Whitehall,  24th  December,  1853.  Sru—l  am  directed  by  Viscount  Palmerston  to  acknow acknowledge  ledge acknowledge  the  receipt  of  the  memorial,  dated  the  15th  ultimo,  signed  by  you  on  behalf  of  the  power-loom  weavers  of  Pres Preston  ton Preston  and  its  vicinity.  Lord  Palmerston  has  delayed  till  now  answering  this  me memorial,  morial, memorial,  in  the  daily  hope  that  he  might  hear  that  an  amica amicable  ble amicable  arrangement  of  differences  had  been  come  to  between  the  workpeople  and  their  employers.  I  am,  however,  to  assure  you  that  his  lordship  read  the  memorial  with  much  sympathy  and  with  deep  regret.  It  was  impossible  that  he  should  not  sympathise  with  th  e  feelings  of  a  large  number  of  a  most  deserving  class  of  the  community  who  have  been  led  to  think  they  are  suffering  under  acts  of  injustice,  and  it  could  not  but  excite  his  deep  regret  to  reflect  upon  the  severe  privations  which  the  state  of  things  to  which  the  memorial  refers  must  have  inflicted  upon  those  on  whom  it  so  hardly  bears.  Lord  Palmerston  desires  me  to  state  that  he  feels  bound,  moreover,  to  do  justice  to  the  temper  and  moderation  with  which  the  memorial  has  been  drawn  up.  His  lordship  is  sorry,  however,  to  say  he  has  no  means  of  interposing  to  apply  a  remedy  for  the  evils  referred  to.  It  would  be  impossible  for  him,  without  much  more  detailed  information  than  he  possesses,  to  form  a  just  opinion  as  to  the  merits  of  the  points  in  dispute  between  the  working  men  and  their  employers.  And  he  could  not,  as  a  member  of  the  government,  possess  any  right  or  power  to  interfere  in  the  matter.  Under  these  circumstances  his  lordship  would  only  venture  to  suggest,  in  the  most  friendly  spirit,  some  topics  for  the  consideration  of  the  memorialists.  They  must  be  well  aware  that  labour  being  a  commodity  like  any  other,  its  money  value  in  the  market  must  be  regulated  by  the  same  general  principles  which  govern  the  price  of  other  commodities,  and  that  among  these  governing  principles  the  most  influential  are  the  cost  of  production  and  relative  pro proportions  portions proportions  of  demand  and  supply.  The  cost  of  productions  in  regard  to  labour  means  the  price  of  the  necessaries  of  life,  and  the  proportions  of  demand  and  supply  must  depend  very  much  upon  the  periodical  fluctuations  of  trade.  It  is  greatly  to  be  wished  that  the  working  men  and  their  employers  would  allow  these  general  causes  to  act  silently,  and  gra gradually,  dually, gradually,  in  equitably  adjusting  from  time  to  time  the  proper  rates  of  the  money  reward  for  labour,  and  it  is  scarcely  to  be  doubted  that  by  forbearance  on  both  sides,  and  by  mutual  and  reciprocal  good  feeling,  these  arrangements  might  generally  be  effected  without  a  recourse  to  such  in injurious  jurious injurious  methods  as  strikes  and  lock  -outs.  It  may  be  said  that  in  times  when,  according  to  the  gene general  ral general  principles  above  adverted  to,  an  increase  in  the  rate  of  wages  would  be  just,  that  increase  might  be  too  long  delayed,  and  the  working  men  be  thus  subjected  to  undue  privations  if  the  adjustment  was  left  to  the  gradual  operation  of  for forbearance  bearance forbearance  and  good  will.  But  may  not  an  appeal  be  made  to  the  result  of  recent  events  to  show  that  even  such  incon inconvenience  venience inconvenience  would  be  less  than  the  evils  arising  from  extensive  and  general  strikes.  These  evils  are  many  and  great.  The  strike  of  the  workman  deprives  the  strikers  of  their  wages,  and  so  far  as  wages  are  concerned,  it  deprives  them  of  the  means  of  subsistence.  On  the  other  hand  the  strikes,  of  course,  stop  production,  and  unless  m  ar  k  e  t  s  h  appen  at  moment  to  be  much  overstocked,  strikes  give  to  the  foreign  producer  a  position  of  advantage  from  which  he  may  not  afterwards  be  so  easily  dislodged.  And  if  strikes  were  to  become  too  frequent,  or  of  too  long  duration,  a  part  of  that  capital  which  is  now  applied  to  give  employment  to  labour  at  home,  might  possibly  be  transferred  to  other  countries,  to  the  disadvantage  of  British  industry,  and  that  this  is  not  a  groundless  supposition,  is  proved  by  the  fact  that  British  manufacturing  establishments  have  been  founded  in  Belgium,  in  France,  and  in  Mexico.  This,  too,  leads  to  a  reflection  upon  the  opinion  which  seems  to  have  actuated  the  strikers,  that  the  general  prosperity  of  our  export  trade  was  in  itself  a  proof  that  the  rates  of  wages  ought  to  be  increased.  Lord  Palmerston  does  not  pretend  to  form  any  judgment  as  to  whether  that  opinion  was  well  or  ill  founded,  in  the  particular  instance  to  which  it  referred  ;  but  his  lordship  has  desired  me  to  remark,  that  our  power  to  supply  foreign  markets  with  manufactures  depends  upon  the  cheapness  at  which  those  manufactures  can  be  sold;  that  their  price  must  depend  mainly  on  the  cost  of  produc production,  tion, production,  and  that  the  wages  of  labour  f  orm  a  material  part  of  that  cost.  Therefore,  as  our  reported  manufactures  must  always  be  running  a  hard  race  with  the  similar  manufactures  of  other  countries,  an  apparently  flourishing  trade  may  possibly  b  e  checked  by  an  increase  of  wages,  which  would  add  to.  the  cost  of  production,  and  the  gains  made  by  the  manufacturer  may  often  consist  of  a  very  small  profit  upon  each  separate  article,  the  aggregate  amount  of  gain  depending  on  the  quantity  exported,  and  that  quantity  depending  on  the  cheapness  of  the  commodities,  which  cheapness  again  is  governed  by  the  cost  of  production.  In  directing  me  to  submit  these  general  reflections  to  the  consideration  of  the  memorialists,  Lord  Palmerston  does  not  mean  to  give  any  opinion  on  the  immediate  subject  of  dis dispute  pute dispute  ;  but  his  lordship  would  earnestly  entreat  the  working  men  to  lay  aside  those  feelings  which  are  too  apt  to  be  en engendered  gendered engendered  by  a  struggle,  and  to  endeavour,  if  possible,  to  come  to  some  arrangement  with  their  employers.—l  am,  sir,  your  obedient  servant,  Mr.  R.  Smith,  Preston.  H.  11rA.DDINGTON.  OPEN-AIR  MEETING  OF  OPERATIVES.  This  afternoon,  a  meeting  was  convened  in  the  Orchard,  at  the  request  of  some  strangers  who  were  anxious  to  witness  one  of  these  out-door  demonstrations.  The  CHAIRMAN  (Mr.  K.  Smith)  announced  that  the  funds  available  for  distribution  (this  being  the  little  amounted  to  £2366.  The  chief  items  included  in  this  amount  were—Blackburn,  £642  ;  Stockport,  £240  ;  Preston,  £206.  Mr.  GRIMSRAW  stated  that  Blackburn  would  send  nearly  . STYLE=superscript  £lOOO  next  week,  and  other  districts  in  proportion.  Alto Altogether,  gether, Altogether,  next  week's  income  would  be  £3OOO.  (Cheers.)  Mr.  COWELL  having  briefly  addressed  the  meeting,  the  pro proceedings  ceedings proceedings  terminated.  FIRE  AT  MCMURRAY'S  PAPER  MILLS.—We  yesterday  noticed  the  extensive  fire  at  these  mills  situate  at  Esher,  near  London.  The  following  appears  in  the  London  jour journals  nals journals  of  Monday  :—Sunday,  6  p.m.  There  still  remains  a  vast  body  of  flame  in  the  ruins  ;  and  as  there  are  some  hun hundred  dred hundred  tons  weight  of  rags  and  paper  burning,  there  seems  no  chance  of  getting  th  e  con  fl  agra  ti  on  entirely  extinguished  for  a  day  or  so  longer.  The  property  destroyed  will  amount  to  a  very  serious  sum  ;  by  those  best  competent  to  form  an  opinion,  it  is  fea  re  d  th  a  t  th  e  t  ota  l  loss  will  exceed  £lOO,OOO.  Upwarcl4  of  260  Rums  oait  of  P3_TB00109 - STYLE=superscript  Jon'  al  l STYLE=superscript  ‘  l STYLE=superscript  n  o'  ttoi  of  P3_TB00110 Las,  Dig  P3_TB00111 th  Ln-  P3_TB00112 FE  ,.  .,  01  b  0)  a,  ....„.„.  •!.'::.  i  0 STYLE=superscript  V  2  c.,  CD  +a  g  4  P3_TB00113 0,  0  0  -44  00  00  ~..:`,=,^  01  el.  WHAT  .A.DE  OUR  POLICE  GOOD  FOR?  TO  THE  RDITOR  . STYLE=superscript  OF  TEE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  SIR,—In  a  recent  copy  of  your  journal  I  saw  an  exposition  of  our  police  . STYLE=superscript  I§y  a  Working  which  is  anything  but  creditable  to  a  force  of  men  that  ought  to  be  the  means  of  putting  a  stop  to  a  system  of  iniquity  that  they  otherwise  foster.  The  want  of  attention  to  their  duty,  on  the  part  of  our  police,  has  become  proverbial  ;  and  as  the  public  are  at  the  expense  of  supporting  this  listless  mass,  I  think  it  is  only  proper  that  they  ask—what  are  they  good  for?  They  are  good  for  easy  work,  but  where  their  assistance  is  needed,  there  it  is  denied.  _  _  The  boy  with  his  marbles,  or  the  poor  ballad  singer,  feels  the  force  of  a  policeman's  duty.  But  our  police  are  too  well  known,  I  think,  to  need  any  comment  on  such  incidents  of  daily  A  short  time  since,  I  was  retuning  home,  and  passed  the  end  of  a  street,  in  which  there  was  a  or  fight.  I  had  not  been  there  many  minutes  before  a  policeman  came  up.  Of  course  I  expected  he  would  bring  the  quarrel  to  a  termina  tion;  but,  with  the  greatest  indifference,  he  looked  down  the  street,  and  said,  0  !  let  them  fight  it  and  so  passed  on.  In  coming  through  Law Lawrence-street  rence-street Lawrence-street  on  Christmas-eve,  I  happened  to  see  the  commencement  of  a  general  quarrel  among  some  young  men,  the  result  of  having  indulged  too  freely  with  potent  liquors.  Four  police  were  on  the  spot  in  a  short  time  ;  a  few  minutes  before,  one  man  shouted  Orange  and  whiCh  so  ex excized  cized excized  the  feelings  of  another,  that  he  cried  out,  Now,  Harry,  where's  your  knife  The  same  per person  son person  was  almost  within  the  embrace  of  a  policeman  ;  he  heard  him  ;  but  I  suppose  to  save  trouble,  he  let  him  go—and  thus  we  are  to  abolish  the  dastardly  practice  of  -  About  half  past  one  o'clock  yestela.,,  down  Richmond-row,  I  saw  a  man,  without  the  least  provocation,  strike  another  to  the  earth.  I  waited  there  about  20  minutes,  but  up  to  that  time,  no  policeman  was  to  be  found,  nor  do  I  know  whether  one  has  been  found  yet.  Taking  everything  into  consideration,  I  wonder  what  our  police  are  good  for.—l  remain,  sir,  yours  most  respectfully,  JOHN  PVGH.  11,  Exchange  Buildings,  Dec.  26th,  1853.  SOUTH  WESTERN  RAILWAY—  PROPOSED  NEW  DIREC DIRECTORS.  TORS. DIRECTORS.  —The  South  Western  conservative  committee  have  proposed  .  several  gentlemen  to  supply  the  places  of  the  retiring  directors,  and  of  those  to  go  out  by  rot  a  ti  on  nex  t  February.  So  far  as  we  can  learn,  they  are  honourable  men,  and  worthy  of  the  support  of  those  who  are  anxious  for  a  strong  and  united  board.—Herapath's  Journal,  GREAT  TAKE  OF  HER  RINGS.  —On  Thursday  our  bay  con contained  tained contained  immense  shoals  of  herring,  and  the  fishermen  being  on  the  alert,  realised  a  plentiful  catch,  particularly  en  the  north  shore.  The  market  was  abundantly  supplied,  and  owing  to  the  quantities  procured,  they  were  retailed  at  one  halfpenny  per  dozen.  The  late  fishing  season  has  been  less  productive  than  usual,  and  we  trust  that  this  seasonable  assistance  to  the  fishermen  will  be  of  frequent  occurrence,  as  we  understand  the  whole  of  the  coast  has  been  prolific  of  fish  during  the  past  few  weeks.—Southern  Times.  LEEDS,  BRADFORD,  AND  HALIFAX  JUNCTION  RAILWAY.  —LE  K  DS,  SATURDAY.—A  special  general  meeting  of  the  shareholders  of  this  company  was  held  yesterday  afternoon,  at  the  Court-house,  Bradford,  to  consider  and  determine  on  the  expediency,  or  otherwise,  of  authorising  the  execution  of  the  powers  of  the  act  to  borrow  money.  William  Walker,  Esq.,  of  Bolling-hall,  presided.  The  chairman  moved  a  re resolution  solution resolution  to  the  effect  that  the  whole  capital  they  were  autho authorised  rised authorised  to  raise  for  the  purposes  of  their  work  was  £200,000,  that  one-half  of  this  sum  had  been  actually  paid  up,  and  that,  therefore,  the  sum  of  £60,000,  authorised  by  the  act,  could  be  borrowed  accordingly,  and  that  the  directors  take  the  necessary  steps  for  borrowing  the  money.  The  chair chairman  man chairman  was  happy  to  say  that  arrangements  were  made  witt.  the  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  company.  He  might  observe  also  that  the  directors  were  anxious,  as  soon  as  the  line  was  completed  to  Bradford,  to  hasten  the  completion  of  the  line  to  Gildersome,  in  order  to  open  the  coal  field  in  that  district  to  the  inhabitants  of  Bradford  and  Halifax.  HULL  AND  lIOLDERNESS  RAILWAY.—A  speci,l  general  meeting  of  the  shareholders  of  this  company  was  held  at  the  Station  Hotel,  Hull,  on  Saturday,  to  take  into  consideration  the  propriety  of  applying  to  parliament  for  power  to  lease  the  line.  Anthony  Bannister,  Esq.,  chairman  of  the  com company,  pany, company,  presided.  It  appeared,  from  the  report,  that  the  di directors  rectors directors  had  had  an  offer  from  Mr.  Cabry,  C.E.,  to  lease  the  line  at  five  per  cent.  for  the  first  sever.  years;  that  at  the  expiration  of  that  period  he  might,  if  he  chose,  Five  up  the  lino  with  proper  notice;  but  if  he  retained  it,  the  company  might  require  six  per  cent.  for  the  next  seven  years,  and  seven  per  cent.  for  another  seven  years  ;  at  the  expiration  of  which  21  years  the  lease  would  termi terminate.  nate. terminate.  A  resolution  was  proposed,  giving  the  directors  power  to  go  to  parliament  for  powers  to  negotiate  a  lease.  It  was  Curled.  RIOT  IN  A  PLACE  or  WORSHIP.—On  Tuesday  evening  last  an  affray  took  place  at  the  Wesleyan  Association  chapel,  Worle,  by  no  means  creditable  to  the  members  of  that  deno denomination.  mination. denomination.  The  late  Mr.  Rich  placed  in  the  chapel  a  sera seraphine  phine seraphine  at  his  own  expense,  which,  at  his  death,  he  bequeathed  to  his  daughter.  The  instrument  has  'remained  from  that  time  to  the  evening  in  question,  and  Miss  Rich  very  kindly  performed  on  the  same;  but  from  the  manner  in  which  some  of  the  members  of  the  chapel  behaved  to  the  family,  Miss  Rich  determined  on  its  removal,  and  employed  a  bailiff  named  George  Fry  to  remove  it.  The  trustees  of  the  chapel  claim claiming  ing claiming  the  property  as  their  own,  the  officer's  demands  were  treated  with  contempt,  consequently  a  scuffle  commenced,  and  the  members,  who  ten  minutes  before  were  praying  that  good  fellowship  might  exist  between  all  men,  joined  in  the  encounter.  From  words  they  came  to  blows  ;  unfortunately  their  late  pastor,  the  Rev.  J.  Harris,  was  present,  on  whom  a  member  of  the  chapel  wreaked  his  vengeance  by  throwing  him  to  the  floor.  The  affair  having  assumed  so  serious  an  aspect,  the  parish  constable  was  sent  for,  who,  after  some  time,  restored  order  ;  but  the  seraphine  was  borne  away  in  triumph.  Such  is  an  account  of  this  disgraceful  affair.  A  place  set  apart  for  the  worship  of  God  became  the  scene  of  riot,  and  the  oaths  and  imprecations  then  uttered  by  the  mob  attracted  by  the  noise,  would  be  horrifying  in  the  lowest  pot-house.—  Western  Flying  Post.  AN  Ox  WITH  REFERENCE  TO  THE  FINE  ARTS.—At  this  season  of  the  year  I  regard  oxen  as  beeves  :  an  ox  is  no  longer  an  ox  to  me.  If  the  royal  academy  were  open  now,  the  works  of  the  cattle  painters  would  be  seen  from  a  new  Mint  of  view.  The  main  figures  in  the  fresh  landscapes  of  essrs.  Lee  and  Cooper,  would  be  spoken  of,  were  I  a  fine  arts  critic,  with  distincter  reference  to  the  character  of  their  joints  than  would  at  any  other  time  be  usual.  I  should  ad admire  mire admire  in  them  richness,  delicacy  ;  should  object  to  wiry  or  dry-looking  cattle,  or  to  those  which  might  suggest  a  want  of  tenderness  and  flavour.  The  exhibition  in  Trafalgar Trafalgarsquare  square Trafalgarsquare  not  being  open,  and  its  oily  cattle  not  being  on  view,  I  always  go  at  this.  season  of  the  year  to  the  Baker-street  Exhibition,  where  I  see  the  works  of  farming  artists,  cattle  executed  in  real  flesh  and  blood  that  has  been  laid  on  most  artistically  by  the  exhibitors.  The  works  of  agricultural  masters  annually  shown  by  , STYLE=superscript  the  Smithfield  club  have  been  occasionally  laughed  at  by  irreverent  spectators.  In'their  earlier  productions  there  was  no  doubt  a  tendency  to  exag exaggeration  geration exaggeration  of  outline,  and  much  coarseness  in  the  filling  up.  Years,  however,  have  been  ripening  experience,  and  our  artists  in  beef  now  turn  out  specimens  of  their  art  that  are  perfect  pictures,  and  which  command  accordingly  our  ad admiration  miration admiration  and  respect.  There  are  no  pre-Bakewellites  among  the  farmers;  Bakewell,  it  should  be  understood,  and  Collins,  having  been  the  Raffaelle  and  Michael  Angelo  of  cattle  farming.—Dickens's&#34;  Household  ROBBERY  FROM  THE  PERSON.—£6S  STOLEN.—On  Thurs Thursslay  slay Thursslay  last,  five  girls  of  the  town,  named  Maria  Senior,  Mary  Ann  &amp;holes,  Mary  Campbell,  Ann  Duffy,  and  Mary  Ann  Howarth,  with  four  of  their  named  Hugh  Mul Muldoon,  doon, Muldoon,  William  Greenwell,  Thomas  Malony,  and  Michael  Ward,  were  placed  in  the  dock  before  John  Brooke,  Esq.,  at  the  Guild Guildhall,  hall, Guildhall,  Huddersfield,  charged  with  being  concerned  in  robbing  Mr.  Thomas  Armitage,  a  respectable  stonemason,  residing  in  Upperhead-row.  It  appeared  the  prosecutor  received  from  Mr.  H.  B.  Taylor,  on  Tuesday,  a  cheque  for  1001.  on  the  Yorkshire  Banking  Company,  with  which  he  proceeded  to  the  bank  and  received  the  amount  in  their  Si.  notes,  gold,  and  silver.  During  the  afternoon,  Mr.  Armitage,  in  company  with  a  stone-delver  named  Whiteley,  visited  the  house  of  Mr.  Jacob  Senior,  the  Unicorn  Inn,  in  Castlegate,  where  they  got  Intoxicated  in  the  room  called  the  Most  of  the  pri prisoners  soners prisoners  were  also  present,  and  left  with  the  prosecutor.  On  arriving  at  home  about  eight  o'clock  in  the  evening,  he,  or  rather  his  family,  discovered  that  he  had  lost  eight  51.  notes,  201.  in  gold,  and  about  61.  in  silver,  and  had  only  thirty-three  sovereigns  left  in  his  pockets  out  of  the  1001.,  and  one  sove sovereign  reign sovereign  which  he  previously  had  in  his  pocket.  Information  was  immediately  given  to  Mr.  Superintendent  Thomas,  who  soon  learnt  from  the  servant  girl  at  the  Unicorn  Inn,  that  Muldoon  had  exhibited  a  quantity  of  notes  during  the  afternoon,  and  had  asked  the  prisoner  Malony  to  read  them  for  him,  and  then  went  away  ;  that  in  a  short  time  afterwards  he  returned  to  the  house  and  charged  the  persons  in  the  room  with  having  stolen  three  of  the  notes,  as  he  was  three  short.  The  prisoner,  Mary  Campbell,  also  exhibited  six  sovereigns  and  a  half  about  six  o'clock,  and  paid  for  seven  pints  of  rum  for  the  company  to  drink,  and  had  three  sovereigns  and  a  half  left  when  she  left  for  home.  In  consequence  of  this  and  other  information,  the  nine  prisoners  were  taken  into  custody.  On  Muldoon  two  sovereigns  and  thirteen  shillings  in  silver  were  found,  and  smaller  sums  on  most  of  the  others.  The  prosecutor,  however,  could  not  recognise  any  of  the  prisoners,  nor  could  he  remem remember  ber remember  being  in  Castlegate  at  all,  nor  at  any  other  public-house,  after  leaving  the  'Wine  in  the  Beast-market  early  in  the  afternoon.  His  companion,  Whiteley,  however,  recollected  having  taken  his  friend  to  the  Unicorn,  and  to  seeing  most  of  the  prisoners  there,  but  this  was  all  he  could  recollect.  From  some  information  which  had  reached  the  police,  but  which  was  not  permitted  to  transpire,  Maria  Senior  and  Mary  Ann  Scholes  were  remanded  to  Saturday  and  all  the  others  discharged.  VENTILATION  OF  SHIPS.  THE  NEW  AMERICAN  CLIPPER-SHIP,  EMERALD  Then  - STYLE=superscript  Lis  no  subject  which  at  the  present  moment  deservedly  commands  a  greater  share  of  public  attention,  than  that  of  ventilation.  The  disastrous  reports  from  outward  bound  ships  of  the  old  lead  us  to  hail  with  satisfaction  any  im improvement  provement improvement  that  may  tend  to  lessen  mortality.  Though  government  may,  by  their  enactments,  have  done  some  little  to  ameliorate  the*  condition  of  the  emigrant  voyager,  a  comparison  of  the  ships,  whether  British  or  Foreign,  would  show  that  pri private  vate private  enterprise  has  contributed  far  more  to  this  great  desideratum.  Ventilation,  to  be  effectual  in  a  ship,  as  in  an  edifice,  must  be  commenced  with  the  construction  ;  and  we  are  happy  to  call  atten attention  tion attention  to.a  new  clipper  craft  named  the  Emerald  in  which  improvements  so  great,  in  this  as  well  as  other  points,  have  been  effected,  that  a  brief  notice  may  not  prove  uninteresting.  The  Emerald  like  most  recently  built  ships,  is  a  clipper  in  the  fullest  sense  of  the  term.  She  has  a  finely  modelled  bow,  sharp  as  a  wedge;  a  long  extending  floor;  and  a  well  turned  bilge,  dying  imperceptibly  into  the  run,  which  is  as  as  the  tail  of  a  Her  stem,  which  is  of-  remarkably  graceful  form,  rakes  well  forward.  Her  side,  not  kettle-like,  nor  yet  wall-shaped,  is  the  happy  medium  that  approaches  perfection  ;  while  her  counter  and  quarters—the  admiration  of  nautical  connoisseurs—are  circular,  light,  and  ele•  gant,  gaily  decorated,  pannelled,  and  relieved  with  bold  mouldings,  interspersed  with  carvings  richly  gilt,  through  which  is  ,  interwoven  the  emblem  of  the  Emerald  the  Surrounding  the  stem  is  a  well-executed  carving  of  an  Irish  wolf-dog  in  full  chase  ;  and  running  aft  round  the  name-boards,  hawse-holes,  &amp;c.,  are  decorations  of  corresponding  character  and  elegance.  She  is  euv  r  ...—a  t  4  1d  feet  6  inches,  and  above  painted  black,  which  gives  her  wen-nmsh,  a  00....tz.La  s  much  better  appearance  than  would  quaker  At  the  water  line  she  appears  as  fine  as  a  London  wherry  ;  indeed  she  is  so  compact  a  ship,  that  her  look  gives  but  little  idea  of  her  magnitude.  She  sits  the  water  like  a  As  Falconer  says— 'says'  Where'ershe  moves,  the  vassal  waves  are  seen  To  yield  obsequious  and  confess  their  The  masts  and  spars  are  enormous  for  her  tonnage  ;  she  has  royal  masts,  and  top-gallant  masts,  and  has  two  sets  of  crosstrees.  The  rigging  is  finished  in  a  very  superior  manner.  She  has  an  extra  shroud  from  each  mast-head,  and  double  back-stays  ;  in  fact  she  lacks  nothing.  -  Beautiful  as  is  the  exterior  appearance  of  this  gem  of  nautical  skill,  her  internal  arrangements  are  not  less  adMirable—her  deck  has  a  fine  appearance,  and  passengers  are  protected  by  a  lofty  bulwark,  a  top-gallant  bulwark,  and  a  monkey  rail.  For Forward  ward Forward  is  a  top  gallant-forecastle.  Amidships  a  per permanent  manent permanent  house,  and  aft  is  a  slightly  raised  quarter  deck.  The  hatches  are  also  all  covered  with  houSes,  which,by  a  new  and  excellent  arrangement  form  independent  gangways  to  the  main  and  lower  decks,  and  powerful  ventilators.  To  the  lower  decir,  there  are  seven  distinct  entrances,  and  three  double  ones  to  the  main  deck.  Passing  from  the  lower  deck  through  the  midship-house  are  a  series  of  tubes  run  at  each  side  (between  deck  staucheons  and  the  waterways)  forming  extra  stancheons,  and  acting  as  flues  to  carry  off  the  vitiated  air  from  the  lower  deck.  Each  of  these  chimneys  (and  there  are  many  of  them)  is  two  feet  wide  and  one  foot  deep.  In  appearance,  they  are  not  at,  all  unseemly  and  their  utility  must  be  undeniable.  The  same  principle  is  applied  throughout  the  ship,  and  she  has  also  enormous  wind-cowls  fore  and  aft.  The  after  part  of  the  main  deck,  is  fitted  up  as  a  saloon  for  the  richer  class  of  passengers.  The  state  rooms  are  most  comfortable  and  roomy.  The  timber  of  which  the  Emerald  Isle  is  built,  is  of  the  choicest  live  oak,  white  oak,  &amp;c.,  and  there  is  no  scarcity  of  strength.  Her  knees,  deck  beams,  keelsons,  sister  keelsons,  bilge  pieces  and  waterways,  are  fit  for  a  much  larger  craft.  The  ceiling  and  planking  is  narrow,  and  well-finished,  and  neither  inside  or  outside  is  an  awkward  butt  end  to  be  seen.  The  Emerald  Isle  registers  2000  tons.  She  is  236  feet  long  over  all,  has  a  beam  of  43  feet,  and  her  depth  is  30  feet.  She  was  built  by  Messrs.  Trufant  Drummond,  and  Co.,  of  Bath,  Maine,  as  a  sister  ship  to  the  William  Tapscott,  for  Messrs.  Tapscott  and  Co.,  of  Liverpool  and  New  York,  than  whom  a  more  enterprizing  firm  does  not  exist.  The  commander  is  Captain  Cornish,  an  experienced  transatlantic  traveller,  a  thorough  sailor,  and  a  gentleman.  SOUTH  WALES  RAILWAY.-Traffic  for  the  week  ending  Dec.  18,  1853,  3,7651.  18s  8d;  corresponding  week,  1862,  9 STYLE=superscript  ,6011  2  2s  10d.  CORBETT  ON  THE  EASTERN  QUESTION.  It  (England)  was  a  glorious  and  a  great  country  until  the  government  had  made  it  otherwise;  and  it  ought  still  to  be  what  it  once  was,  and  to  be  capable  of  driving  the  Russians  back  from  the  country  of  our  old  and  best  ally—the  at  Tring,  Cobbett's  Register,  Sept.  23,  1829.  Tix  SALMON  SPAWN.—On  Tuesday  no  fewer  than  70,000  of  the  ova  of  the  salmon  of  the  Tay  was  sent  to  Ireland,  for  the  purpose  of  ascertaining,  if  on  coming  to  maturity  there,  whether  the  fish  would  keep  up  the  high  character,  as  re respects  spects respects  quality,.  they  have  ever  maintained  in  all  markets.  A  like  quantity  is  to  be  sent  here  from  the  sister  isle  for  the  same  purpose.—J.Vorthern  Warder.  THROUGH  TOLLS.—On  Wednesday  the  collector  at  New Newcastle-on-Tyne  castle-on-Tyne Newcastle-on-Tyne  was  summoned  before  the  bench  at  that  town  for  using  threatening  language  to  a  person  who  had  refused  to  pay  him  4d.  for  a  butt  of  currants,  but  who  had  offered  him  2d.  The  collector  having  offered  an  apology,  and  paid  the  costs,  amounting  to  £2  15s.  2d.,  the  case  was  with withdrawn,  drawn, withdrawn,  but  it  was  admitted  that  the  toll,  which  had  been  collected  for  years  was  illegal.  CHRISTMAS  DAY  IN  THE  LONDON  WORKHOUSES.—On  Sunday,  the  inmates  of  the  different  metropolitan  and  sub suburban  urban suburban  workhouses,  were  liberally  regaled  with  Christmas  fare.  A  comparison  of  the  returns  of  last  year  shows  a  tendency  to  increase  in  the  amount  of  metropolitan  pauper pauperism,  ism, pauperism,  although  there  are  only  three  unions  in  which  the  amount  of  that  increase  is  at  present  considerable.  In  St.  Pancras  alone  there  is  an  increase  of  1,576  persons  receiv receiving  ing receiving  relief.  The  total  number  receiving  relief  is  at  present  about  100,600.  THE  LEEDS  CHAMBER  OF  COMMERCE  AND  THE  BOARD  OF  TRADE.  —The  board  of  trade  have  at  length  seen  the  necessity  for  an  improved  classification  of  woollen  and  worsted  manufactures  exported.  Up  to  the  present  time,  as  all  connected  with  these  departments  of  trade  are  aware,  the  published  tables  of  exports  and  imports  periodically  issued  by  the  board  of  trade  have  adhered  to  a  system  of  classifica classification  tion classification  so  imperfect  that  it  has  been  impossible  to  ascertain  the  relative  proportion  of  woollen  and  worsted  exports.  This  has  very  properly  come  under  the  notice  of  the  board  of  trade,  who  have  consulted  the  Leeds  chamber  of  commerce  upon  the  propriety  of  a  new  .classification  _  _  RUSSIA  ANn  TURKEY.—The  following  is  in  course  of  sig signature  nature signature  at  Southampton  To  J.  T.  Tucker,  Esq.,  the  Worshipful  the  Mayor  of  Southampton.—We,  the  under undersigned,  signed, undersigned,  inhabitants  of  the  borough  and  county  of  the  town  of  Southampton,  respectfully  request  you  will  convene  a  public  meeting  to  take  into  consideration  the  important  question  of  the  unprovoked  aggression  of  the  Emperor  of  Russia  against  Turkey,  and,  should  it  be  deemed  expedi expedient,  ent, expedient,  to  memorialise  her  most  gracious  Majesty  the  Queen  to  immediately  adopt,  in  conjunction  with  her  powerful  ally,  the  Emperor  of  France,  such  prompt  and  energetic  measures  as  will  tend  to  preserve  the  integrity  and  inde independence  pendence independence  of  the  Turkish  empire,  and  compel  the  Emperor  of  Russia  to  submit  to  such  conditions  as  will  guarantee  the  future  peace  and  tranquillity  of  Europe  and  RAILWAY  GUARD  KILLED.—On  Wednesday  evening  as  the  six  o'clock  train  for  Perth  and  Dundee  emerged  from  the  funnel  at  the  Scotland-street  station,  one  of  the  guards,  named  Cleghorn,  was  missed  from  his  post,  and  was  not  to  be  found.  He  had  been  seen  to  leave  the  train,  being  on  the  parcel-van  arranging  the  luggage  when  it  started,  and  it  was  conjectured  that  he  had  fallen  off  in  the  tunnel.  The  circumstance  was  telegraphed  to  the  head  of  the  tunnel,  and  men  with  lights  entered  both  ends  in  search  of  him.  He  was  found  lying  about  thirty  :or  forty  yards  from  the  top,  and  quite  lifeless,  having  sustained  a  severe  injury  on  the  head.  The  cause  of  his  fall  from  the  van  is,  of  course  un unknown.  known. unknown.  The  deceased,  who  was  above  fifty  years  of  age,  was  one  of  the  oldest  servants  in  the  Company,  and  was  a  steady,  well-conducted  man.  He  was  on  his  return  journey  to  Dundee,  where  his  home  was,  a  n  d  w  h  ere  h  e  had  a.  wife  and  family.  AUDIENC2  WITH  HER  MAJESTY.—It  is  sometimes  better,  for  reasons  which  will  occur  to  most  of  our  readers,  to  put  a  question,  than  to  state  a  fact.  Can  it  then  be  true,  as  we  are  assured  it  is,  that  at  the  audiences  which  cabinet  ministers  have  with  her  majesty,  there  is  usually  another  distinguished  party  present  ?  Can  it  be  that  tiv•  foreign  minister  of  Eng England  land England  is  obliged  to  canvass  all  his  measures  in  the  presence  of  one  who  is,  not  only  not  a  member  of  the  cabinet,  but  who  is  in  constant  and  confidential  communication  with  all  the  foreign  courts,  with  the  single  exception  of  that  of  France  ?  If  this  be  so,  as  we  much  fear  it  is,  then  we  unhestitatingly  say  that  it  is  wholly  at  variance  with  the  spirit,  if  not  the  letter  of  our  co  ns  tit  u  ti  on  .  Wh  a  t  f  ore  i  gn  min  i  s  t  er  ,  we  ask,  could  feel  himself  a  free  agent,  if  he  can  only  explain  and  defend  his  policy  to  her  majesty  in  the  presence  of  a  party  on  whom  rests  no  responsibility,  and  all  of  whose  preposses prepossessions  sions prepossessions  and  predilections  are  in  favour  of  that  Germanism  which  is  so  entirely  antagonistic  to  the  free  institutions  and  interests  of  England  ?—Morning  Advertiser.  SHIP  WRECKS.  IMPORTANT  TO  MERCIIANTS  AND  UNDERWRITERS.  The  following  article  we  take  from  a  communication  from.  Winterton,  Norfolk,  and  appears  worthy  the  attention  of  un underwriters  derwriters underwriters  and  merchants  :  The  gale  from  the  N.E.,  with  snowstorms,  continued  all  the  day  on  the  15th  inst.  •  and  at  night,  between  ten  and  eleven  o'clock,  the  Friendship,-  of  Whitby,  Mr.  Wood,  mas master,  ter, master,  timber  laden  from  Cronstadt  (about  200  tons,)  came  on  the  beach  a  little  to  the  eastward  of  the  Winterton  light lighthouse.  house. lighthouse.  Mr.  Lugard,  of  the  coast-guard  service,  by  the  mor mortar  tar mortar  threw  a  line  on  board,  and  by  12  o'clock,  or  soon  after,  the  life  boat  was  hauled  on  board,  and  the  crew  of  nine  persons  landed  in  safety,  but  without  their  clothes.  The  master,  Mr.  Wood,  had  broken  his  arm  in  the  course  of  the  day,  but  all  the  others  were  well.  It  appears  that  the  thick  snowstorm  for  48  hours  had  prevented  their  knowing  exactly  where  they  were,  as  they  mistook  the  Harboro'  light  ?or  the  Lowestoft  light,  and  on  this  dangerous  coast,  with  such  weather,  it  is  difficult  to  avoid  such  mistakes.  At  noon  neat  day,  the  vessel  was  lying  in  the  surf,  with  her  sails  closed  up,  and  every  thing  on  deck  and  afloat  as  when  she  struck  the  beach.  The  fishermen  on  the  beach  were  within  fifty  yards  of  the  vessel,  ready  to  go  on  board,  and  to  have  half  unloaded  her  cargo  of  deals  before  night,  if  there  had  been  any  person  to  give  orders  what  to  do.  The  sails,  masts,  and  stores  of  every  kind  might  have  been  landed  in  good  condi condition,  tion, condition,  and  the  vessel,  when  lightened  of  the  cargo  might  have  had  a  chance  of  being  got  off,  and  towed  into  Yarmouth.  But  some  dispute  between  the  agents  at  Yarmouth  as  to  who  should  take  charge  of  the  chip  and  cargo  for  the  underwrit underwriters,  ers, underwriters,  was  the  cause  why  nothing  was  at  once  done  to  preserve  the  ship  and  cargo.  Until  the  legislature  shall  direct  an  inquiry  to  be  insti instituted  tuted instituted  on  the  spot  after  every  shipwreck,  there  will  be  a  can cantinuation  tinuation cantinuation  of  shipwrecks,  with  loss  of  life  and  property,  to  a  great  extent,  which  in  many  cases  arise  from  the  carlessness,  or  something  worse,  and  the  property  of  the  nation,  as  well  as  the  lives  of  the  sailors,  are  daily  sacrificed  for  want  of  such  inquiry.  The  foreign  vessel  of  125  tons  from  `7ronstadt,  with  wheat,  that  came  on  shore  on  the  night  of  the  10th  and  11th  instant,  opposite  the  town  of  Winterton,  became  a  perfect  wreck,  the  cargo  of  wheat  was  all  lost,  and  the  vessel,  although  built  in  1850,  broke  into  pieces.  The  crew  was  landed  in  safety  from  the  vessel,  but  they  lost  their  clothes.  AN  AMERICAN  TRAGBDY.  A  SERIES  OF  HORRIBLE  DOINGS.  The  North  State  Whig,  of  the  30th  ult.,  printed  at  Wil Wilmington,  mington, Wilmington,  North  Carolina,  publishes  a  condensed  report  of  the  trial  of  the  Rev.  George  W.  Carawan,  for  the  murder  of  Mr.  C.  H.  Lassiter,  a  school  teacher  in  Hyde  county.  The  whole  case  is  remarkable,  on  account  of  the  status  of  the  accused,  the  depravity  developed,  and  the  tragical  issue  of  the  trial.  Eminent  counsel  were  arrayed  for  both  the  pro prosecution  secution prosecution  and  the  defence,  and  much  excitement  prevailed  during  the  proceedings.  The  paper  before  us  gives  the  fol following  lowing following  particulars  :--  Carawan  was  56  years  old,  and  for  many  years  had  been  a  popular  preacher  in  the  Baptist  church—a  man  of  strong  will,  exercising  a  powerful  influence  over  his  friends,  and  feared  as  much  as  hated  by  his  foes.  Lassiter  was  a  quiet  young  man,  engaged  in  the  business  of  teaching.  So  me  months  before  the  murder,  Lassiter  boarded  in  the  house  of  Carawan,  and  a  quarrel  arose  between  them,  Carawan  alleg alleging  ing alleging  that  Lassiter  was  too  familiar  with  his  (Carawan's)  wife.  Carawan  talked  very  freely  among  his  neighbours  on  the  subject  ;  said  that  Lassiter  ought  to  be  shot  ;  that  shooting  was  too  good  for  him;  and  that  he  and  Lassiter  could  not  both  live  in  the  same  neighbourhood;  and  finally  tried  to  get  out  a  peace  warrant  against  Lassiter,  alleging  that  he  had  attempted  to  take  his  life.  He  went  on  this  way  for  some  time,  when  Lassiter  sued  him  for  slander,  laying  the  damages  at  2000  dols.  A  few  hours  after  the  writ  was  served  on  Carawan,  Lassiter  was  killed.  _  _  _  He  had  finished  a  school  on  Rose-bay,  and  on  Monday,  the  15th  of  November,  1852,  started  on  foot,  with  a  carpet  bag  in  his  hand,  to  go  to  the  Lake,  where  he  had  engaged  another  school.  About  three  o'clock  p.m.  lie  passed  Cara Carawan's  wan's Carawan's  house  on  his  way  to  the  Lake.  Shortly  after  he  passed,  Carawan  left  his  house,  and  went  across  the  field  toward  the  woods  which  lie  between  the  hoase  and  the  spot  on  the  road  where  Lassiter  was  killed,  his  wife  following  with  a  gun  wrapped  up  in  her  apron.  She  returned  to  the  house  immediately  •  Carawan  not  till  sundown.  That  night  he  was  absent  from  home.  Tuesday  he  remained  at  home;  but  on  Wednesday,  a  rainy  day,  he  took  a  hoe  and  went  into  the  woods,  and  was  gone  several  hours.  On  Thursday,  before  L.  was  missed  (the  people  on  the  lake  thinking  he  was  at  the  bay,  and  the  people  on  the  bay  thinking  he  was  at  the  lake),  C.  went  to  one  of  the  neighbours,  and  inquired  if  he  had  seen  anything  of  L  ,  stating  that  his  (C.'s)  family  had  seen  him  pass  his  house  on  Monday  with  a  package  of  clothes,  and  he  was  thinking  he  had  run  away.  On  Friday  evening,  when  told  that  the  people  were  searching  for  L.,  he  expressed  great  surprise  that  he  should  be  missing—never  had  heard  anything  of  it.  On  Saturday  morning,  the  search  for  Lassiter  still  going  on,  he  wrote  to  a  friend  to  come  and  see  him—that  Lassiter  was  missing—supposed  to  be  killed—and  added  that  he  (Carawan)  was  at  home  all  day  Monday,  Tuesday,  and  Wednesday,  and  that  he  could  prove  it  by  Carawan  Sawyer  (the  main  witness  on  the  trial  for  the  state),  his  nephew,  a  boy  who  was  living  with  him.  The  body  of  Lassiter  was  found  on  Saturday  evening  in  the  swamps  bAtind  Carawan's  house  in  an  open  lot,  which  was  surrounded  with  briars,  underbrush,  &amp;e.,  and  covered  with  moss.  The  moss  over  the  grave  had  been  carefully  removed,  the  grave  dug  just  large  enough  to  hold  the  body,  the  body  pressed  into  it,  the  grave  filled  up  even  with  the  surrounding  earth  and  pressed  down,  and  the  moss  carefully  laid  back  upon  it.  The  moss  leaving  no  trace  of  a  footprint,  there  was  no  sign  that  any anybody  body anybody  had  ever  been  there,  except  that  the  moss  over  the  grave  had  faded  a  little;  about  a  handful  o  f  f  res  h  di  rt  was  near  it,  and  a  dead  limb  of  a  tree  had  apparently  been  re recently  cently recently  disturbed  ;  the  bark,  which  had  evidently  just  fallen  from  it,  lying  in  one  spot  and  the  limb  in  another.  The  men  who  were  searching  for  the  body  had  stopped  in  this  lonely  spot  to  rest,  having  given  up  the  search  for  the  day,  when  these  appearances  attracted  their  attention,  and  the  body  was  found.  L.  was  killed  by  gunshot  wounds.  Several  shots  were  taken  from  the  body,  three  from  the  heart.  There  were  three  sizes  of  shot  found  in  the  body,  and  in  one  of  the  barrels  of  C.'s  gun,  found  in  the  house,  just  such  shot,  and  of  three  sizes,  were  found.  That  night  C.  left  Hyde  county,  telling  his  nephew  (Sawyer)  that  if  he  stayed  there  he  should  be  hung  ;  that  he  should  send  for  his  family,  and  he  (S.)  must  go  with  them.  On  Sunday  .  morning  he  landed  from  a  canoe  at  Durham's  Creek  mills,  in  Beaufort  county,  about  thirty  miles  from  his  home,  telling  the  man  who  rowed  him  over  that  he  was  after  a  piece  of  land  which  another  man  was  trying  to  buy,  and  that  was  the  reason  of  his  hurry,  and  charging  him  to  keep  his  movements  a  secret.  From  this  time  fill  his  arrest  at  night  in  his  house,  in  January  followEg,  the  state  did  not  know  his  whereabouts.  But  from  letters  received  by  the  sheriff  of  Hyde,  from  Ten Tennessee,  nessee, Tennessee,  it  seems  he  had  been  in  that  state,  preaching  under  the  assumed  name  of  John  Forbes.  After  his  imprisonment  in  Hyde  county  goal,  he  tried  to  get  a  friend  to  hire  the  witness  Sawyer  to  go  away.  He  had  offered  the  same  witness,,  before  the  body  of  Lassiter  was  found,  a  negro,  if  he  woull  swear  that  he,  Carawap,  was  at  home  all  Monday,  the  day  on  which  the  murder  was  committed.  And  while  in  Hyde  goal  he  wrote  to  a  friend  (the  letters  were  produced  in  court),  to  get  Sawyer  out  of  the  way.  He  had  given,  he  said,  in  one  of  h;s  letters,  Mary  (his  wife)  500  dots.  to  get  Sawyer  off;  if  that  would  not  do,  give  him  1,000  Bois.  If  that  would  not  do,  lie  (his  friend)  must  get  r;d  of  Sawyer  by  hook  or  by  c  r  o  o  and  not  suffer  his  (Carawan's)  neck  to  be  broke.  The  defence  set  up  for  the  prisoner  was,  that  three  of  the  witnesses  (including  Sawyer)  had  sworn  falsely,  committed  wilful  and  deliberate  peijury,  and  that  it  was  impossible  for  Carawan  to  have  gone  through  the  woods,  after  Lassiter  passed  his  house,  quick  enough  to  have  cut  him  off.  The  jury,  after  a  protracted  sitting,  brought  in  a  verdict  of  guilty,  and  the  judge  ordered  a  recess  of  the  court  for  an  hour.  As  the  crowd  was  leaving,  the  prisoner  suddenly  drew  two  pistols,  one  of  which  he  fired  at  Mr.  Warren,  the  counsel  for  the  state,  and  with  the  other  shot  himself  through  the  head,  killing  himself  instantly.  The  ball  of  the  other  struck  Mr.  Warren  on  the  breast,  just  above  the  heart,  but  fortunately,  glanced  off  and  left  only  a  slight  wound.  The  Korth  State  Whig  says  :  Carawan  maintained  his  self-control  throughout  the  trial.  He  was  as  fine  looking  a  man  as  one  would  find  among  a  thousand—tall,  admirably  built,  with  a  massive  head,  showing,  with  enormous  animal  passions,  large  intellect.  These  passions  have  destroyed  him,  he  having  given  himself  all  his  life  to  their  unbridled  sway.  His  wife,  apparently  about  his  own  age,  and  his  children,  had  been  with  him  during  the  trial,  accompanying  him  to  and  from  the  court courthouse  house courthouse  and  gaol.  Lieutenant  Atkinson  has  invented  a  process  of  throwing  a  line  from  a  sinking  ship  to  shore  as  a  preferable  mode  of  communicating,  rather  than  that  of  endeavouring  to  cast  a  line  from  the  shore  over  the  ship.  SUICIDE  AND  ATTEMPTED  MURDER.—On  Saturday  night,  a  shocking  attempt  at  wife  murder,  followed  by  the  suicide  of  the  husband,  took  place  in  Soho.  The  man's  name  was  Heise,  a  German,  a  tin-plate  worker,  who  lived  with  his  wife  and  two  children  in  the  attic  of  No.  15,  King-street.  It  appears  that  his  circumstances  were  good,  but  that  he  had  strong  feelings  of  jealousy  against  his  wife.  The  poor  woman  was  confined  only  on  Wednesday  last,  and  Heise  had  become  impressed  with  a  conviction  that  the  child  was  not  his.  He  frequently  taunted  her  with  his  suspicions,  but  she  ;  had  no  reason  to  suspect  that  he  meditated  violence  towards  her.  On  Saturday  night,  however,  as  she  lay  in  bed  with  her  infant  at  the  breast,  he  suddenly  rushed  into  the  room  with  a  dagger-knife,  of  the  Italian  form,  and  stabbed  her  in  several  places  on  the  left  side  and  arm.  She  immediately  jumped  out  of  bed  and  run  out  of  the  room,  loudly  calling  out  She  dropped  on  the  stairs  from  loss  of  blood.  She  was  removed  to  a  room  below  stairs,  and  was  subsequently  taken  to  the  workhouse,  with  the  infant,  which  was  drenched  with  blood.  Heise  was  afterwards  found  lying  partially  on  the  bed,  his  throat  cut  from  ear  to  ear.  He  had  nearly  severed  the  head  from  the  body,.  with  the  exception  of  the  vertebrae  ;  both  the  carotid  arteries,  the  windpipe,  and  all  the  soft  part  being  cut  through.  So  extensive  a  self-inflicted  wound  is  of  rare  Eminence."
