text
"CHILD  MURDER  AT  LIVERPOOL.  Bridget  Cahill;  21,  was  charged  with  having  at  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  on  the  27th  of  August  last,  wilfully  murdered  her  new newborn  born newborn  female  child.  Mr.  ASPINALL  appeared  on  behalf  of  the  prosecution,  and  Mr.  TINDAL  ATKINSON  •  defended  the  prisoner.  From  the  statement  of  the  learned  counsel  for  the  prosecution,  it  appeared  that  the  prisoner  was  a  domestic  servant  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  Garner,  residing  in  _Warren-street,  in  this  town,  and  that  'in  the  mot.lth  of  August  last  she  was  unwell,  complaining  of  pain  in  her  bowels.  Mrs.  Garner  felt  an anxious  xious anxious  about  her,  and  on  one  occasion  desired  her  to  go  to  bed.  From  her  appearance,  Mrs.  Garner  was  induced  to  say  to  her  that  if  she  had  been  a  married  woman  she  should  have  been  inclined  to  believe  that  she  was  in  the  family  way,  but  this  the  prisoner  continued  to  deny.  Eventually,  how however,  ever, however,  it  was  discovered  that  the  prisoner  had  heen  delivered  of  a  child,  and  on  being  charged  with  it  afterwards,  and  asked  where  the  child  was,  the  prisoner  confessed  that  it  was  in  the  water-closet,  but  it  was  ultimately  found  buried  amongst  the  coals.  Witnesses  having  been  called  in  support  of  the  above  facts,  including  Mr.  Hannah,  surgeon,  who  deposed  to  the  child  having  been  born  alive,  and  from  appearances,  after afterwards  wards afterwards  having  been  murdered.  Mr.  TINDAL  AnuNsoN  addressed  the  j  ury  for  the  prisoner,  urging  the  impossibility  of  the  prisone  r  having  wilfully  mur murdered  dered murdered  the  child.  The  learned  counsel  contended  that  from  the  evidence  before  them  they  could  not  do  more  than  find  the  prisoner  guilty  of  concealing  the  birth  of  the  child.  The  learned  JUDGE  having  charged  the  .  jury,  they  ac acquitted  quitted acquitted  the  prisoner  of  the  charge  of  murder,  but  found  her  guilty  o  f  concealing  the  birth.  After  a  severe  reprimand  his  lordship  sentenced  the  prisoner  to  two  years'  imprison imprisonment.  ment. imprisonment.  THE  MURDER  IN  CHARLES-STREET  BY  A  SPANIARD.  Emanuel  Monterro,  30,  was  charged  with  having  at  Liverpoool  on  the  22nd  of  October,  wilfully  killed  and  mur murdered  dered murdered  Richard  Jarvis  Crispin.  Mr.  BLAIN  conducted  the  prosecution,  and  Mr.  Aspinall  appeared  for  the  prisoner.  The  facts  of  the  case,  which  have  already  appeared  at  length  in..the  columns  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  were  detailed  by  the  learned  counsel  for  the  prosecution.  On  the  night  of  the  22d  of  October,  between  the  hours  of  twelve  and  one  o'clock,  the  deceased,  Crispin,  in  company  with  a  sailor  named  . STYLE=superscript  Crimp,  were  passing  along  Charles Charlesstreet,  street, Charlesstreet,  near  Whitechapel,  when  they  met  the  prisoner,  and  a  sailor  named  Williams.  A  quarrel  occurred  between  the  parties,  and  a  general  fight  took  place  amongst  them  in  the  course  of  which  the  prisoner  drew  out  a  clasp-knife,  and  deliberately  ran  at  and  stabbed  the  deceased  in  the  groin,  as  well  as  the  man  Crimp.  gevc..l  having,  been  exatutuctl  uu  behalf  of  tho  prosecution,  _  _  The  learned  JUDGE  interposed,  and  said  he  did  not  think,  from  the  evidence,  that  the  case  amounted  to  more  than  manslaughter,  and  the  jury  found  a  verdict  accordingly.  Sentence  deferred.  ROBBERY,  WITH  VIOLENCE,  AT  MANCHESTER,  Michael  Smith,  19,  was  charged  with  having,  with  Tic,.  lence  - STYLE=superscript  at  Manchester,  robbed  George  Bromley  of  a  watch,  on  the  highway.  The  prisoner  was  found  guilty,  and  sen.  tented  to  four  years'  penal  servitude.  ROBBERY,  WITH  VIOLENCE,  AT  WIGAN.  Matthew  Prior,  27,  was  charged  with  having,  at  Wigan,  on  the  15th  of  August,  feloniously  assaulted  Thomas  East.  ham,  and  robbed  him  of  one  shilling  and  sixpence.  Mr.  Tindal  Atkinson  prosecuted.  The  prisoner  was  un undefended.  defended. undefended.  On  the  part  of  the  prosecution,  it  was  shown  that  on  the  evening  of  the  robbery,  the  prosecutor  was  at  Wigan,  and  was  proceeding  to  what  are  called  the  mesnes,  which  are  situated  on  the  north  side  of  the  rectory.  On  passing  the  rectory  gates,  which  lead  into  the  mesnes,  the  prosecutor  was  accosted  by  the  prisoner,  and  the  latter  wished  him  to  accompany  him,  and  have  some  drink.  The  prosecutor  refused,  on  which  the  prisoner  knocked  him  down,  and  robbed  him.  The  prisoner  was  found  guilty,  and  sentenced  to  six  months'  imprisonment.  VIOLENT  ASSAULT  AT  KNOWSLEY.  John  Harrison,  (46),  was  charged  with  having  at  Knowsley,  feloniously,  and  with  a  certain  pikel,  wounded  Mary  Fairhurst,  upon  the  head  and  left  arm,  with  intent  to  do  her  some  grievous  bodily  injury.  Mr.  COBB=  prosecuted.  The  prisoner  was  undefended.  It  appeared  frOm  the  statement  on  behalf  of  the  prosecution  that  the  prisoner,  who  is  nephew  to  the  prosecutrix  resides  with  his  father  (who  is  a  farmer)  at  Knowsley.  The  prose prosecutrix,  cutrix, prosecutrix,  who  is  an  old  woman,  is  his  aunt,  and  also  resides  with  them.  On  the  Ist  of  November  the  prisoner  had  been  to  Prescott  with  a  horse  and  cart  belonging  to  his  father,  and  returned  in  a  state  of  intoxication,  and  much  agitated.  lie  got  hold  of  a  pikel,  and  swore  violently  that  he  would  take  his  aunt's  life.  Eventually  he  got  to  her,  and  inflicted  the  wounds  complained  of.  The  learned  counsel  stated  that  the  prosecutrix  was  unable  to  :attend,  being  at  present  confined  to  her  bed  from  the  effects  of  the  attack  made  upon  her  by  the  prisoner,  but  her  evidence  had  been  taken,  and  would  be  laid  before  the  jury.  Mr.  Allen,  superintendent  of  the  county  police  at  Prescott,  was  called,  and  deposed  that  he  had  seen  the  prosecutrix  yesterday  in  bed,  and  was  unable  to  move.  The  prosecutrix's  Anent  was  then  put  in  as  evidence,  and  was  to  the  effect  that  after  coming  out  with  a  dreadful  oath  to  her,  the  prisoner  inflicted  the  wounds  complained  of.  The  prisoner's  fatl.Jr,  an  old  man,  70  years  of  age,  was  one  of  the  wituesses  ou  behalf  of  the  prosecution,  and  stated  that  the  prisoner  was  addicted  to  liquor,  and  when  in  a  state  of  intoxication,  his  conduct  was  exceedingly  violent  and  dangerous.  In  his  defence,  the  prisoner  stated  that  he  was  exceedingly  sorry  for  what  he  had  done,  and  attributed  it  to  his  having  got  too  much  to  drink  on  the  day  in  question,  which  always  affected  his  head,  since  an  accident  he  met  with  some  years  ago.  The  learned  JUDGE  having  summed  up,  the  jury  acquitted  the  prisoner  of  felonious  intent,  but  found  him  guilty  of  un unlawfully  lawfully unlawfully  ivoun  ding.  In  passing  sentence,  his  LORDSHIP  said  the  jury  had  come  to  - STYLE=superscript  aright  decision,'  in  declining  to  impute  intentional  wound wounding  ing wounding  to  ttie  prisoner  ;  still  it  was  necessary  to  inflict  a  severe  punishment  upon  him  and;  to  keep  him  in  a  state  of  sobriety  for  a  considerable  period  of  time,  in  order  that  he  might  have  time  to  'reflect  on  his  past  conduct,  the  sentence  of  the  court  was  ;  that  he  be  imprisoned  and  kept  to  hard  labour  for  two  years.  •  The  court  rose  shortly  before  six  o'clock.  SECOND  COURT.—YESTERDAY,  (Before  Mr.  Baron  MARTIN.)  THE  LATE  RIOT  AT  WIGAN.  Three  young  boys,  and  a  young  man  named  John  Hughes,  John  _Lacey,  John  Baker,  and.  John  Leadbetter,  were  in indicted  dicted indicted  with  having  on  the  28th  of  October,  along  with  other  persons,  riotously  assembled  to  disturb  the  public  peace.  Mr,  - STYLE=superscript  BLAIR,  and  Mr.  RAFEIXS  conducted  the  prosecution,  and  the  prisoners  were  undefended.  Witnesses  were,  called,  who  proved  distinctly  that  they  saw  the  oldest  prisoner  Leadbetter  amongst  the  mob  on  the  night  in  ipiestion,Und  apparently  taking  a  great  interest  in  the  riot.  -  The  other  three  young  boys  were  taken  to  the  police-station  that  night,  and  a  quantity  of  tea,  sugar,  and  crackers  found  in  their  possession,  part  of  the  spoils  seized  by  the  rioters.  His  LoßDsFlip  remarked  the  misfortune  that  it  was  not  men  more  advanced  in  years  that  was  apprehended.  The  jury  returned  a  verdict  of  guilty  against  the  prisoners.;  land  Leadbetter,  who  was  convicted.  at  the  last  assizes  for  being  concerned  in  a  riot,  was  sentenced  to  12  months  with  hard  labour,  the  other  three  to  three  months'  imprisonment  each.  -"
