text
"BULLION  IMPORTS  AND  _EXPORTS.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OP  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  SIR,—I  hope  you  will  excuse  my  taking  the  liberty  to  point  out  a  serious  mistake  into  which  I  notice  you,  as  well  as  other  gentlemen  of  the  Press,  are  apt  to  fall,  in  respect  to  the  imports  and  exports  of  the  precious  metals,  and  the  deductions  to  be  drawn  therefrom.  In  your  paper  of  to-day,  you  give  an  account  of  the  imports  and  exports  of  gold,  for  the  last  three  weeks,  and  you  bring  yourself  to  the  conclusion  that  the  balance  of  X  446,621  left  in  the  hands  of  the  simply  because  it  is  not  in  the  Bank.  Now,  the  fallacy  you  are  labouring  under  is  this—  You  assume  that  the  various  amounts  of  bullion,  as  they  leave  the  country,  are  made  known  to  the  public.  But  the  fact  is,  that  large  sums  of  the  pre precious  cious precious  metals  are  constantly  going  out,  of  which  there  is  no  entry  at  the  Custom-house,  or  any  other  public  record  kept.  If  you  keep  this  fact  steadily  in  view,  you  will  not  be  so  much  at  a  loss  to  account  for  the  balance  of  imports  over  exports.  You  are  aware  that  when  various  like  individuals  trade  together,  and  there  arises  a  balance  between  them,  it  is  usually  settled  by  an  interchange  of  money.  The  balance  of  trade  between  England  and  the  continent  of  Europe  has  been  very  de decidedly  cidedly decidedly  against  the  former  for  several  months  back,  as  incontestibly  proved  by  the  course  of  exchange  being  continually  adverse.  So  long  as  this  state  of  things  continues,  a  constant  current  outwards  of  gold  and  silver  will  continue,  although  a  consider considerable  able considerable  portion  of  the  same  will  disappear  quite  un unknown  known unknown  and  unobserved  to  the  public.  In  addition  to  the  commercial  indebtedness  of  England  to  the  nations  with  whom  she  is  trading,  requiring  bullion  to  liquidate  the  balance,  there  must  always  be  a  considerable  amount  of  coin  going  out  in  the  pockets  of  emigrants;  and  there  is  cer certainly  tainly certainly  a  not  insignificant  portion  of  the  precious  metals  bought  as  they  arrive  for  consumption  in  the  arts  and  sciences.  The  demand  for  this  last  named  purpose  is  daily  increasing  in  this  country,  but  more  especially  so  in  France.  1  would  respectfully  submit,  Sir,  that  if  you  will  take  the  above  suggestions  into  your  grave  consi consideration  deration consideration  you  will  cease  to  express  your  astonish 'astonishment'  at  what  you  are  pleased  to  designate  the  utter  shallowness  of  the  reasons  assigned  as  an  ex excuse  cuse excuse  for  demanding  the  present  high  rates  of  dis discount.  count. discount.  If  you  desire  to  know  the  reason  why  the  course  of  trade  seems  to  be  so  much  against  England  on  the  balance,  I  advise  you  to  turn  to  the  import  side  of  the  Board  of  Trade  returns.  It  is  a  very  ready  conclusion  that  you  and  other  editors  gene generally  rally generally  arrive  at,  to  say  that  our  national  trade  is  in  a  very  flourishing  condition  because  our  exports  show  a  large  increase  upon  every  monthly  return  Having  brought  yourselves  to  the  conclusion  that  our  external  trade  is  flourishing,  you  are  at  a  loss  to  conceive  what  becomes  of  the  bullion.  But  if  you  would  turn  to  the  other  side  of  the  account,  and  try  to  form  an  estimate  of  the  value  of  our  im imports,  ports, imports,  you  would  at  once  find  a  solution  to  your  difficulties.  I  have  attempted  to  estimate  the  value  of  our  imports  as  furnished  by  the  Board  of  Trade,  for  the  last  nine  months  ;  the  result  of  my  estimate  is,  that  our  imports  amount  to  about  thirty  millions  sterling  over  and  above  the  same  for  a  corresponding  period  last  year.  Now,  our  exports  of  manufactures,  as  you  are  aware,  are  said  to  have  amounted  to  twelve  millions  over  and  above  the  exports  of  last  year  ;  but  if  our  imports  are  thirty  more,  it  is  quite  clear  that  there  is  a  balance  of  eighteen  millions  to  be  provided  for  in  some  way,  before  the  account  can  be  squared.  This  one  great  fact  will  at  once  explain  how  it  is  that  the  balance  of  trade  should  be  so  much  against  England,  and  that  the  course  of  exchange  should  be  so  adverse.  I  hope  you  will  receive  this  communication  as  intended,  that  is,  simply  as  a  respectful  correction  of  the  errors  into  which  I  conceive  that  you  and  other  editors  are  continually  falling.—Yours,  &amp;c.  H.  C.  LANGTON.  Monday,  November  21,  1853.  THE  CASE  OF  THE  GUIDING  STAR.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  Stn,—Will  you  allow  me  through  the  medium  of  your  columns  to  place  before  the  public  a  few  re remarks  marks remarks  in  connection  with  the  case  of  the  Guiding  Star,  for  which  I  was  summoned  before  the  police  court,  at  the  instance  of  Captain  Schomberg,  the  emi emigration  gration emigration  officer  of  this  port.  It  is  because  I  believe  that  I  have  been  harshly  and  arbitrarily  dealt  with  by  that  gentleman,  that  I  ask  you  to  insert  this  letter,  in  addition  to  the  reports  of  the  case  which  have  appeared  in  to-day's  papers.  I  was  summoned  on  four  separate  charges,  namely—for  not  serving  the  passengers  (steerage)  with  provisions  daily  ;  for  taking  down  an  open  bulkhead  between  decks  ;  for  removing  four  water-closets  from  the  upper  deck  ;  and  for  taking  down  an  additional  hospital  placed  between  decks.  These  will  cer  tainly  appear  to  any  one,  at  first  sight,  to  be  very  serious  charges,  but  under  what  circumstances  were  they  incurred  ?—at  a  time  when  the  ship  was  in  a  disabled  state,  and  when  a  fearful  disease  was  raging  among  the  passengers.  The  Guiding  Star  left  the  Mersey  on  Thursday,  the  27th  ult.,  with  518  passengers.  On  the  third  day  of  being  out,  we  encountered  a  heavy  gale,  which  did  the  vessel  so  much  damage,  that  I  was  compelled  to  bear  up  for  Liverpool  again.  Up  to  this  time  there  had  not  been  the  slightest  com complaint  plaint complaint  from  any  of  the  passengers,  nor  did  I  receive  any  intimation  of  dissatisfaction  being  felt  by  them,  till  I  heard  that  I  was  to  be  summoned  by  Captain  Schomberg,  after  the  ship  had  been  back  here  a  full  week.  Now  let  me  endeavour  to  answer  the  charges  as  they  were  made.  First,  as  to  the  daily  supply  of  cooked  provisions.  I  was  convicted  for  serving  provisions  weekly  instead  of  daily.  If  this  is  violat violating  ing violating  the  law,  why  do  Captain  Schomberg  and  his  officials  set  us  the  example,  by  insisting  that  we  shall  serve  out  a  week's  provisions  to  the  passengers  before  they  will  clear  out  the  vessel  ?  Such  was  done  in  my  case,  and  is  well  known  to  be  their  rule  in  all  others.  With  regard  to  the  not  cook 'cooking'  the  provisions,  I  will  merely  observe  that  there  was  a  man  on  board  whose  sole  duty  was  to  cook  the  provisions  when  brought  to  him  by  the  passengers,  and  if  any  neglect  occurred,  it  was  en entirely  tirely entirely  owing  to  the  confusion  occasioned  by  the  passengers  themselves  after  the  ship  met  with  the  disaster.  Now  as  to  the  matter  of  removing  the  bulkhead,  the  additional  hospital,  and  the  four  water  (closets,  the  only  answer  I  need  give  to  this  is  to  refer  to  the  evidence  (as  given  in  to-day's  papers)  of  Mr.  Alexander  Stewart,  the  surgeon  belonging  to  the  ship,  and  accredited  by  the  emi emigration  gration emigration  officials  themselves.  Mr.  Stewart  told  the  magistrates  that  it  was  at  his  suggestion—nay,  in indeed  deed indeed  that  he  had  even  insisted  on  my  taking  such  a  step—that  I  had  done  so  ;  and  I  will  ask,  was  I  not  justified  in  acting  thus,  when  importuned  to  do  so  by  the  doctor  of  the  ship,  who  is  the  right rightful  ful rightful  representative  of  the  emigration  authorities  when  at  sea?  For  jdoing  so,  however,  I  was  fined  £lO,  besides  the  £5  for  serving  out  provi provisions  sions provisions  weekly  instead  of  day  by  day,  and  I  have  a  right,  therefore,  to  consider  myself  harshly  dealt  with.  If  the  charges  had  been  made  by  Captain  Schom Schomberg  berg Schomberg  from  a  sense  of  duty  alone,  I  should  not  have  felt  the  matter  so  keenly,  but  I  cannot  help  think thinking  ing thinking  that  he  has  been  actuated  by  some  personal  feeling  against  myself  in  this  affair.  Perhaps  he  can  understand  what  I  allude  to  in  making  such  a  remark  To  show  what  an  appreciation  Mr.  Mans Mansfield,  field, Mansfield,  the  presiding  magistrate,  had  of  the  real  merits  of  the  case,  I  may  add  that  in  summing  up,  before  adjudicating,  he  said,  it  was  gratifying  to  hear  the  evidence  given  for  the  defence,  as  it  proved  that  the  captain  (myself)  and  his  officers  had  be behaved  haved behaved  generally  to  the  passengers  with  kindness  (!)  The  act  of  parliament,  however,  left  him  no  discre discretion,  tion, discretion,  but  he  would  inflict  the  lowest  penalty  in  each  So  much  for  what  the  magistrate  thought  of  my  alleged  I  consider  the  foregoing  explanation  due  to  my  own  character  as  a  man  of  feeling,  and  am,  Sir,—Yours  respectfully,  R.  D.  ROBERTSON.  November  22,  1853.  P.  S.—ln  reference  to  the  statement  made  by  one  of  Captain  Schomberg's  witnesses  —Robert  Allan—that  he  had  been  served  with  half  a  week's  provisions  only  at  Belfast,  I  would  just  remark  that  I  was  in  Liverpool  at  the  time,  having  come  over  for  a  steam  tug,  to  tow  the  vessel  here,  and  that  I  had  left  no  orders  to  servo  out  less  than  the  usual  quantity.  R.  D.  R.  The  Earl  and  Countess  Constance  Grosvenor  are  at  pre present  sent present  staying  at  Calverley  House,  near  Tarporley,  Cheshire.  Tan  LATB  PRINCESS  ESTERHAZY.  — STYLE=superscript  The  mortal  remains  of  the  late  ranch-regretted  Princess  Nicholas  Esterhazy  will  be  removed  from  this  country  for  interment  in  the  family  mausoleum  of  the  Prince  Esterhazy,  at  Vienna.  SELECT  VESTRY.  The  usual  fortnightly  meeting  of  this  body  was  held  yes yesterday,  terday, yesterday,  the  Rev.  Rector  CAMPBELL  in  the  chair.  The  other  members  present  were  Messrs.  Hand,  Moss,  Crawford,  Luff,  Denton,  Hughes,  Wilmer,  Johnson,  J.  Jones,  W.  Jones,  Shaw,  Whitty,  Gardner,  Bradley,  Sumners,  Hutchinson,  Came,  and  Clarke.  CHARGES  AGAINST  MR.  BRADLEY.  The  minutes  of  the  special  meeting  of  the  vestry  having  been  read,  Mr.  GARDNER  said  that  he  had  seen  by  the  correspondence  that  had  taken  place  it  the  papers,  that  Mr.  Hodson  had  re refused  fused refused  to  state  any  charge  against  Mr.  Bradley.  Mr.  DENTON  :  He  has  not  refused  to  do  so—he  has  only  done  so,  pending  the  inquiry  before  the  committee  of  the  council.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Oh  !  let  us  take  no  notice  of  it.  The  subject  then  dropped.  FINANCE  COMMITTEE.  The  proceedings  of  this  committee  contained  no  features  of  interest.  __  Mr.  CARNE  moved  the  confirmation  of  the  proceedings.  Mr.  LITIT  directed  attention  to  the  death  of  Mr.  Parr,  and  reminded  the  vestry  that  unless  his  place  was  filled  up  before  Sunday  next,  the  vestry  would  lose  the  privilege  of  making  the  appointment.  Mr.  BRADLEY  said  the  necessary  steps  had  been  taken  for  the  appointment  ;  a  special  vestry  was  to  be  called.  Mr.  Dill'  thought  it  would  be  necessary  to  give  a  direct  power  to  the  finance  committee  to  make  the  appointment.  Mr.  BRADLEY  said  a  special  vestry  was  to  be  called  to  make  the  appointment.  The  CHAIRMAN  did  not  so  understand  it.  Mr.  HART  remarked  that  the  finance  committee  were  only  specially  directed  to  receive  applications.  Mr.  DENTON  objected  to  the  appointment  being  left  to  the  finance  committee,  not  that  he  had  any  personal  sus suspicion  picion suspicion  of  that  committee.  The  CHAxRrL  remarked  that  this  board,  if  it  pleased,  might  call  a  special  meeting  for  Friday.  Mr.  CARNE  then  proposed  a  motion  to  that  effect,  which  was  carried,  and  the  proceedings  were  confirmed.  WORKHOUSE  COMMITTEE.  From  the  proceedings  of  this  committee,  it  appeared  that  five  boys  had  been  admitted  to  the  workhouse,  m  an  almost  naked  state,  who  had  absconded  from  the  Industrial  Schools.  ,  .  Those  boys  had  been  induced  to  sell  their  clothes  by  a  per person  son person  named  Molloy,  who  had  harboured  them.  Molloy,  and  the  party  to  whom  they  were  sold,  were  in  prison.  The  pro proceedings  ceedings proceedings  also  contained  the  following  letter  from  Messrs.  Baring,  Brothers,  and  Co.:—  .  16th  Nov.,  1853.  To  the  Chairman  of  the  Select  Vestry.  Sir,  —On  behalf  of  the  owners  of  the  American  packet packetship,  ship, packetship,  Isaac  Wright,  which  vessel  was  compelled  to  return  to  this  port  in  consequence  of  damages  received  on  her  voyage  to  New  York,  we  beg  to  express  to  you  our  thanks  for  the  very  great  attention  and  compassionate  treatment  displayed  by  your  board,  and  by  all  the  officers  connected  with  the  workhouse,  towards  the  unfortunate  ,  passengers  relieved  from  said  vessel.  The  arrangements  throughout  have  met  our  entire  approval,  and  in  a  season  like  the  present,  requiring  every  precaution  to  prevent  the  spread  of  disease,  have,  we  think,  been  well  calculated  for  that  object.—We  are,  &amp;c.,  BARING  Mr.  J.  R.  COOPER  attended  in  pursuance  of  a  resolution  passed  at  the  committee's  last  meeting,  and  having  explained  that  the  error  in  his  tender  had  arisen  from  inadvertency,  and  also  expressed  his  readiness  to  furnish  the  articles  in  question,  namely,  72  doz.  knives  and  forks,  at  £ll  125.,  the  lesser  of  the  sums  entered  in  his  tender,  and  it  appearing  from  the  governor  that  the  articles  named  were  at  present  very  much  wanted  in  the  house,—Resolved,  that  the  cheque  ordered  be  signed,  for  the  whole  of  the  articles  named  in  accordance  with  the  tender,  namely,  72  doz.  at  £ll  12s.  There  were  567  cases  in  the  hospital,  of  which  50  were  fever  cases,  and  46  itch  cases.  A  payment  of  £l,OOO  on  account  of  contract  was  recom recommended  mended recommended  to  be  paid  to  Messrs.  A.  and  G.  Holme.  The  CHAIRMAN  directed  the  attention  of  the  vestry  to  the  fact  that  Mr.  Hart  was  neglecting  his  duty  by  allowing  newspapers  to  be  read  at  the  board  , STYLE=superscript  .  (Hear,  hear,  and  laughter.)  Mr.  Moss  in  moving  the  confirmation  of  the  proceedings,  referred  to  the  non-attendance  of  members  on  the  workhouse  committee.  A  great  many  things  came  before  the  attention  of  the  committee,  and  it  was  not  pleasant  when  they  had  only  three  members,  as  many  as  formed  a  quorum,  to  decide  upon  those  matters.  He,  therefore,  begged  to  give  notice  that  on  Thursday  next  a  matter  of  very  important  consider consideration  ation consideration  would  be  brought  before  the  workhouse  committee.  It  was  no  less  a  consideration  than  whether  they  were  to  pro proceed  ceed proceed  with  the  building  of  the  mills  or  otherwise.  He  re requested  quested requested  gentlemen  to  attend  in  sufficient  numbers,  in  order  that  they  might  come  before  the  board  with  some  weight,  whatever  their  decision  might  be.  _  _  ➢ir.  DENTON  said  it  was  lamentable  to  see  the  members  of  the  workhouse  committee  who  did  attend  waiting  for  the  arrival  of  others  to  form  a  quorum.  Some  of  the  most  im important  portant important  matters  which  the  board  at  to  deal  with  came  before  the  committee.  Mr.  Moss  considered  that  the  workhouse  committee  had  too  much  to  do,  and  it  would  be  much  better  to  allow  so  much  of  their  business  as  related  to  the  building  of  the  es establishment,  tablishment, establishment,  to  come  under  the  consideration  of  the  finance  committee.  He  hoped  the  vestry  clerk  would  acknowlege  the  very  handsome  conduct  of  that  eminent  firm  the  Messrs.  Baring,  which  was  worthy  of  example,  not  only  as  regarded  the  way  that  firm  had  treated  their  emigrants,  but  also  for  the  liberal  donation  they  had  given  to  the  servants  of  the  establishment.  _  _  The  proceedings  were  confirmed.  INDUSTRIAL  SCHOOLS  COMMITTEE.  On  the  proceedings  of  this  committee  being  read,  Mr.  SUMNERS  said,  before  they  proceeded  to  confirm  those  minutes,  he  begged  to  bring  before  the  notice  of  the  ward,  a  circumstance  which  had  transpired  in  Chester  since  they  had  last  met,  relative  to  the  conduct  of  parties  connected  with  the  vestry,  or  rather  with  reference  to  the  manner  in  which  children  were  sent  out  of  the  industrial  schools  to  be  apprenticed.  The  circumstance  was  brought•  forward,  as  an  imputation  against  the  parties,  stating  the  careless  and  in-•  different  manner  in  which  those  [children  were  sent  out  into  the  world  in  comparison  with  certain  other  institutions.  This  transpired  at  a  public  assembly  in  Chester,  at  which  he  (Mr.  Sumners)  happened  to  be  present,  in  connection  with  the  laying  of  the  foundation  stone  of  a  ragged  school  on  Thursday  week.  The  Marquis  of  Westminster  laid  the  stone  ;  and  his  son,  the  Earl  of  Grosvenor,  the  bishop,  a  great  number  of  theclergy,  and  respectable  inhabitants  were  present  at  a  dejeuner  after  the  ceremony  was  over.  In  course  of  the  speeches  which  were  delivered,  there  was  one  gentleman  from  Liverpool,  named  Heath,  a  most  respect respectable  able respectable  man,  connected  with  the  Liverpool  ragged  schools.  In  the  course  of  his  speech,  which  occupied  more  than  an  hour  (hear  hear,  and  a  laugh)  he  stated  by  a  way  of  colouring  the  picture  he  was  drawing,  that  boys  from  the  workhouse  and  industrial  schools,  preferred  going  out  into  the  world  from  the  ragged  schools  than  from  the  parish  schools  of  Liverpool.  He  Mr.  Sumners  let  him  go  on  and  finish  his  speech,  and  he  (Mr.  Sumners)  assured  them  it  was  an  one onerous  rous onerous  task  to  reply  to  him  in  the  presence  of  the  lord  bishop  aid  others.  (Laughter.)  Mr.  Moss—He  is  only  a  man.  Mr.  SUMNERS  continued  to  remark  that,  with  the  permis permission  sion permission  of  the  chairman,  •  he  asked  Mr.  Heath  his  authority  for  his  statement,  and  he  stated  that  from  his  experience  with  the  parish  affairs  of  Liverpool  for  many  years,  he  always  understood  and  observed  the  humane,  fatherly,  and  sympa sympathetic  thetic sympathetic  conduct  of  the  new  archdeacon  and  of  the  chairman  in  all  cases  where  children  were  apprenticed,  and  that,  there therefore,  fore, therefore,  Mr.  Heath  must  be  misinformed,  or  the  children  must  have  come  from  some  of  the  extra  parochial  places  around  Liverpool,  for  it  never  could  be  the  case  they  were  sent  out  from  the  industrial  schools  in  such  a  cruel  manner  as  here  Dick,  Jack  or  Bob,  take  your  clothes  and  be  These  were  Mr.  Heath's  expressipns.  He  said  that  in  the  ragged  schools  they  were  very  sympathetic,  and  toik  care  to  know  what  was  their  position,  and  that  was  put  in  contrast  with  the  treatment  of  children  leaving  the  industrial  schools.  He  thought  it  right  to  tell  them  he  had  endeavoured  to  place  the  vestry  in  a  proper  position.  Mr.  CARNE  remarked  that  Mr.  Heath  was  a  particular  friend  of  his,  and  he  had  often  conversed  with  him  on  this  subject.  He  always  understood  from  Mr.  Heath  that  the  ragged  schools  had  facilities  for  getting  rid  of  boys,  as  they  were  oreferred  by  many  persons  to  boys  coming  out  of  the  workhouse  ;  but  he  never  understood  Mr.  Heath  to  say  there  was  anything  like  carelessness  ;  but,  he  stated  the  fact,  they  had  greater  facilities  for  getting  their  boys  into  situations,  and  that  many  boys  were  known  to  come  out  of  the  work workhouse  house workhouse  and  go  into  those  schools  because  they  found  there  were  greater  facilities  for  getting  situations.  Mr.  SUMNERS  observed  that  the  bishop  had  stated  that  he  visited  the  industrial  schools  at  Kirkdale,  and  if  there  was  an  institution  in  the  diocese  w  hi  c  h  h  e  should  be  glad  to  place  as  a  model  before  them,  the  industrial  school  at  Kirk Kirkdale  dale Kirkdale  was  that  one.  (Hear,  hear).  Mr.  Jour/sort  said  that  no  children  went  out  of  the  work.  house  schools  without  every  inquiry.  being  made,  in  the  first  instance,  into  the  character  of  the  parties  to  whom  theywere  about  to  be  apprenticed;  and  Mr.  Heath  would  have  seen  that  if  he  attended  any  of  their  ordinary  meetings  and  would  have  observed  by  their  mi  nu  t  es  h  ow,  day  after  day,  that  subject  was  brought  before  them.  No  doubt  the  workhouse  schools  might  not  be  so  popular  as  the  other  schools,  and  it  was  an  undoubted  fact,  there  was  a  kind  of  distaste  to  take  children  from  the  parish  authorities.  That  prejudice  did  not  apply  to  the  ragged  schools,  which  were  under  the  surveillance  of  committees  composed  of  very  influential  gentlemen,  and  the  pupils  of  them,  consequently,  had  a  much  greater  facility  for  getting  out  into  the  world  than  the  parish  boys.  But  at  the  same  time,  that  preference  for  the  one  and  prejudice  for  the  other,  could  not  be  taken  as  a  proof  of  any  inefficiency  or  ill-management  in  the  parish  schools.  The  report  of  the  medical  relief  committee  was  then  read,  but  it  contained  no  matter  of  importance.  Mr.  BRADLEY  observed  that  within  the  last  week,  they  had  no  case  of  cholera  whatever  in  the  town.  The  only  cases  now  in  the  workhouse  were  five,  and  these  were  the  remnant  of  the  emigrants  who  had  beenpreviously  attacked  ;  so  that  th  e  public  might  be  satisfied  that  the  town  was  never  in  a  more  healthy  condition  than  it  was  at  present.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  CAini•TE  confirmed  Mr.  Bradley's  statement,  and  said  that  he  had  him  present  at  the  last  meeting  of  the  oint  committee  at  the  Town-hall,  and  the  opinion  of  the  com committee  mittee committee  on  the  health  of  the  town  was  such  that  they  ad adjourned  journed adjourned  sine  die.  (Hear;  -hear.)  Mr.  JOHN  PEMBERTON  sent  in  his  resignation  as  a  member  of  the  vestry;  and  in  doing  so,  returned  his  thanks  to  the  chairman  and  the  other  members  of  the  board,  for  the  cour courtesy  tesy courtesy  which  he  had  always  experienced  at  their  hands.  The  resignation  was  accepted  ;  and  Mr.  Gardner  and  Mr.  Cairne  gave  notice  that  they  would  move  at  the  next  board,  that  the  vacancy  be  filled  up.  A  communication  was  read  from  Dr.  Sutherland,  stating  that,  in  conformity  with  the  instructions  which  he  had  re received  ceived received  from  Lord  Palmerston,  he  would  attend  in  Liverpool  to  hold  an  inquiry  as  to  its  burial  grounds,  and  expressing  his  readiness  to  receive  any  information  on  the  subject  from  the  vestry.  Mr.  DENTON  suggested  that  a  select  committee  should  be  appointed  to  attend  the  inquiry.  Mr.  BRADLEY  thought  that  should  depend  on  the  nature  of  the  inquiry.  If  it  were  purely  a  sanatory  matter,  it  should  be  referred  to  the  Medical  Relief  Committee.  Mr.  Moss  would  like  to  know  the  nature  of  the  inquiry.  Some  of  the  churchyards  of  Liverpool  were  no  doubt  in  a  disgraceful  state  ;  but  they  might  depend  upon  it,  that  any  alteration  by  an  increase  in  their  rates,  they  had  the  choice  of  two  evils—either  to  be  taxed,  or  have  disease  amongst  them.  Eventually  it  was  resolved  that  the  chairman,  Mr.  Bradley,  the  church-wardens  and  overseers,  should  attend  the  inquiry  on  the  part  of  the  parish.  A  letter  was  read  from  Mr.  Parry  and  Mr.  Luff,  regis registrars,  trars, registrars,  praying  that  the  vestry  might  be  pleased  to  equalise  their  districts.  Mr.  DENTON  said  he  would  object  to  any  change,  as  giving  the  people  greater  trouble.  Mr.  WILLMER  inquired  under  what  circumstances  were  the  present  districts  formed  ?  The  CLERK  replied  that,  in  the  first  instance,  there  were  six  districts,  and  that  they  were  subsequently  changed  into  seven  districts.  •  Mr.  WILLMER  asked  if  it  were  not  in  the  power  of  the  select  vestry  to  re-alter  them,  and  also  what  notice  was  necessary  before  the  change  could  be  made  ?  The  CLERK  said  that  the  select  vestry  could  not  do  it,  and  that  application  should  be  made  to  the  registrar-general  for  the  purpose.  The  subject  then  dropped.  Mr.  Moss  thought  that  the  special  vestry  clerk  had  omitted  one  very  important  matter,  and  it  was  this.  He  (Mr.  Moss)  remembered  that  at  a  meeting  of  the  finance  committee,  :the  clerk  was  directed  to  write  to  Mr.  Weight Weightman,  man, Weightman,  calling  upon  him  to  furnish  them  with  the  various  ac accounts  counts accounts  of  work  done  in  the  house  from  its  commencement,  and  likewise  the  corresponding  amounts  of  money  for  which  he  had  given  orders.  He  (Mr.  Moss)  wished  to  know  if  that  had  been  done,  and  if  any  answer  had  been  received  from  Mr.  Weightman  ?  The  CLARK  said  that  he  had  written  and  received  no  reply.  Mr.  Moss  said  he  hadheen  told  about  80,0001.  or  100,000/,  had  been  spent  in  the  erection  of  the  place,  and  they  had  no  document  before  them  to  show  that  it  had  been  spent.  They  should  know  the  amount  of  work  which  had  been  done  for  the  specific  sums  that  had  been  ordered.  He  would  mention  the  subject  at  the  meeting,  as,  perhaps,  by  that  day  they  might  have  a  communication  from  Mr.  Weightman.  The  special  vestry  then  adjourned."
