text
"MANOIIESTER  ROBBERY  FROM  THE  PERSON.—On  Saturday,  at  the  City  Police  Court,  Michael  Moran,  Ann  Bardsley.  and  Catherine  Hall,  were  placed  before  the  magistrates  on  a  charge  of  having  robbed  a  man  with  whom  they  had  been  in  company,  of  17s.  A  police-constable  stated  that  at  two  o'clock  the  Snmo  mnrninis  4110  rxrnanelitor  00600  to  him  0.6  U.  end.  %if  Li Liverpool.  verpool. Liverpool.  road,  Deansgate,  and  told  him  that  he  had  been  knocked  down  and  robbed  of  175.,  by  two  women  and  a  man.  He  stated  that  he  knew  the  women,  with  whom  he  had  been  in  company,  first  in  Dickin's  vaults,  and  afterwards  in  Bootle-street.  From  information  which  he  received  he  went,  along  with  another  officer,  to  a  house  in  Bootle-street.  where  they  apprehended  the  prisoners.  Committed  to  take  their  trial  at  the  sessions.  ROBBERY  FROM  A  SHOP  DOOR.—On  Saturday,  at  the  City  Police  Court,  a  person  named  William  Freeland,  who  stated  that  he  was  a  fustian  nutter,  - STYLE=superscript  wax,  ohaiged  - STYLE=superscript  with  having  stolen  from  the  shop  door  of  Mr.  Edward  Hughes,  shopkeeper,  107,  Deansgate,  u  little  after  six  o'clock  on  Friday  evening,  a  quantity  of  canvass.  The  felony  was  immediately  discover discovered,  ed, discovered,  the  prisoner  followed,  and  apprehended  with  the  stolen  property  in  Ms  possession.  The  prisoner  said  he  was  very  sorry  for  what  he  had  done.  Committed  for  trial  at  the  sessions.  HousE  ROBBERY.—On  Saturday  morning,  at  the  Salford  Borough  Court,  a  woman  named  Mary  Johnson  was  brought  up  on  remand,  before  the  magistrates,  on  a  charge  of  having  stolen  a  shawl,  a  dress,  and  a  handkerchief,  the  property  of  Susannah  Welsh,  who  lived  in  Paradise-row,  Broughton-road.  It  appeared  from  the  evidence  adduced,  that  the  prosecutrix  has  two  daughters,  who  go  to  work  be between  tween between  six  and  seven  o'clock  in  the  morning.  When  they  went  out  on  Monday  she  heard  the  door  open  and  shut,  and  when  she  got  up  between  seven  and  eight  she  missed  the  articles  above  mentioned.  The  prisoner  was  seen  near  to  the  house  early  in  the  morning  by  a  neighbour,  who  sus suspected  pected suspected  that  her  object  was  robbery.  A  portion  of  ? STYLE=superscript  the  goods  stolen  was  pawned  at  a  pawnbroker's  shop.  The  prisoner,  who  is  not  known  to  the  police,  was  committed  to  take  her  trial  at  the  ensuing  sessions.  ROBBERY  BY  A  LODGER.—At  the  Salford  Borough  Court,  on  Saturday,  a  woman  named  Hannah  Smith  was  placed  in  the  dock,  on  a  charge  of  having  stolen  two  blankets,  the  property  of  James  Laffrey,  of  Wood-street,  Chapel-street,  lodging-house  keeper.  The  prisoner  had  been  lodging  in  the  house  of  the  prosecutor  about  a  week,  but  had  neither  box  nor  clothes.  On  Friday  she  was  observed  to  leave  - STYLE=superscript  her  lodgings,  carrying  a  large  bundle  with  her.  After  she  left  the  room  in  which  she  - STYLE=superscript  slept  was  examined,  when  it  was  found  that  two  blankets  had  been  taken  off  the  bed.  The  )lankets  had  not  been  found,  and  the  prisoner  was  remanded  :o  Tuesday."
