text
"COUNTY  COURT.-  YESTERDAY.  The  Court  sat  at  the  usual  hour  yesterday.  REGAN  v.  PRITCHARD.—This  was  an  action  brought  by  a  woman  named  Regan,  to  recover  damages  from  a  Mrs.  Pritchard,  for  a  bite  inflicted  upon  her  by  a  dog  belonging  to  the  defendant.  The  statement  by  the  plaintiff  was,  that  she  was  pursuing  one  of  her  children,  and  had  a  strap  in  her  hand,  with  the  view  of  inflicting  maternal  castigation  upon  the  fugitive,  when  the  child  ran  up  a  court  in  which  was  the  back  door  of  defendant's  house.  Plaintiff  went  up  the  court,  and  put  her  hand  upon  the  latch  of  a  door  to  open  it,  when  the  dog  rushed  out  and  bit  her  on  the  hand.  The  hand  bled  very  much,  and  she  had  to  g,o  to  the  hospital  next  day,  and  subsequently  get  a  doctor  and  pay  for  medicine.  COURT  :  Have  you  any  proof  that  the  defendant  knew  the  dog  was  mischievous  ?  because  if  you  have  not,  I  am  afraid  I  can  do  nothing  for  you,  PLAINT=  :  I  know  nothing  at  all  about  the  dog,  except  that  he  bit  me,  and  I  know  he  would  tear  me  to  pieces  if  he  could.  COURT  :  Very  well,  that  may  be  ;  but  persons  are  not  re responsible  sponsible responsible  unless  they  know  that  dogs  are  mischievous,  and  in  the  habit  of  biting  or  snapping.  I  cannot  assist  you,  un unless  less unless  you  bring  some  proof  that  this  was  a  mischievous  dog.  People  have  a  right  to  keep  .  dogs  if  they  choose,  and  unless  they  know  that  they  are  mischievous,  they  are  not  respon responsible.  sible. responsible.  If  they  know  that  their  dogs  are  mischievous,  they  are  bound  not  to  keep  them  at  all.  PLAINTIFF  :  They  ought  to  keep  their  dogs  tied  up,  and  not  let  them  bite  people.  COURT  :  I  am  of  opinion,  that  tying  up  dogs  does  a  great  deal  more  harm  than  good.  I  have  the  misfortune  to  differ  from  some  authorities  upon  that  point,  but  that  is  my  opinion,  and  I  have  probably  kept  as  many  dogs  as  most  persons.  Mr.  HIRE,  upon  behalf  of  the  defendant,  stated,  that  the  place  where  plaintiff  came  up  was  not  a  public  thoroughfare,  but  an  entry  leading  to  the  back  door  of  defendant's  house.  The  plaintiff  went  up  the  entry,  and  put  her  hand  on  the  latch  to  open  the  door,  when  the  dog  ran  out  and  bit  her.  Mrs.  PRITCHARD  gave  evidence  to  support  the  statement  of  Mr.  Hime,  adding  that  the  dog  was  subsequently  killed  to  satisfy  the  plaintiff.  The  court  where  plaintiff  came  up  was  no  thoroughfare,  and  the  back  door  there  led  into  defen defendant's  dant's defendant's  yard  where  the  dog  was  kept.  COURT  :  When  did  this  occur  ?  DEFENDANT  In  August  last.  COURT  :  Are  you  quite  sure  the  dog  had  never  been  cross  before  ?  Dnri.n)Alrr  :  Quite  sure,  sir.  COURT  :  Had  you  never  known  him  to  bite  anybody  be before,  fore, before,  or  to  snap  at  anybody  ?  DEFENDANT:  Never.  COURT  :  Well,  Mrs.  Regan,  I  cannot  do  anything  to  assist  you,  unless  you  can  bring  some  evidence  to  prove  that  the  defendant  knew  this  dog  was  mischievous.  People  have  a  right  to  keep  dogs,  and  keep  them  in  their  yards.  It  is  the  law  of  this  country,  and  in  my  opinion  a  very  just  law,  that  people  ought  to  be  obliged  to  take  care  of  all  animals  which  are  vicious  or  mischievous,  but  they  are  not  obliged  to  keep  any  particular  watch  over  animals  which  they  have  no  rea reason  son reason  to  believe  are  so.  This  woman  had  the  folly  to  think  that  instead  of  letting  the  dog  live  she  would  have  a  better  chance  by  its  being  killed—a  piece  of  folly  which  one  might  have  hoped  had  long  since  ceased  to  exist.  I  have  the  mis misfortune  fortune misfortune  to  differ  with  many  authorities  in  thinking  that  the  habit  of  tying  up  dogs  does  a  great  deal  more  mischief  than  good,  and  only  renders  them  vicious  and  savage.  I  also  believe  it  will  be  found,  in  regard  to  cases  of  hydro hydrophobia,  phobia, hydrophobia,  that  the  great  majority  of  them  occur  in  winter  and  not  in  summer,  and  that  it  is  a  mistake,  and  a  mere  vulgar  error,  to  suppose  that  the  greater  number  of  them  occur  in  hot  weather.  I  remember  having  been  assured  by  a  gen gentleman  tleman gentleman  of  very  high  experience,  that  he  had  carefully  exam examined  ined examined  into  the  question,  and  came  to  the  conclusion  which  I  now  state.  But  the  very  period  of  warm  weather,  when  people  think  they  are  doing  well  in  restraining  dogs,  is  the  very  period  they  are  most  anxious  to  get  out  and  get  loose,  and  I  am  convinced  that  very  great  injury  is  done  by  keep keeping  ing keeping  them  in  and  tying  them  up,  much  more  than  would  happen  by  letting  them  out  with  proper  precautions.  the  case  was  then  dismissed,  and  the  plaintiff  left  the  court,  giving  vent  to  several  half-audible  expressions  of  her  contempt  for  legal  proceedings  in  general.  THOMAS  V.  ATASSEY.—This  was  an  action  brought  to  recover  £3  17s.  6d.  for  damage  done  to  a  donkey  cart  of  plaintiff's,  by  an  omnibus  belonging  to  the  defendant.  Mr.  Grocott  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  ;Eliza  Thomas,  a  green  grocer,  and  the  defendant  was  Mr.  Massey,  a  publican,  to  hom  the  Old  Swan  omnibus  belonged,  The  case  for  the  plaintiff  was,  that  on  Monday,  the  19th  of  September,  he  was  driving  his  cart,  containing  eggs,  butter,  and  vegetables,  along  the  road  from  Liverpool  to  Kensington,  and  that  shortly  after  passing  the  Coach  and  Horses  public  house  the  omnibus  ran  into  him,  breaking  the  cart  to  pieces,  overturn overturning  ing overturning  the  plaintiff  on  the  road,  and  destroying  a  large  quantity  of  his  eggs  and  butter.  It  was  stated,  on  behalf  of  the  plaintiff,  that  the  road  was  at  the  time  quite  clear,  and  that  the  omnibus  might  have  passed  without  touching  the  cart.  The  driver  did  not  call  out,  nor  did  he  stop  .  after  the  acci accident  dent accident  had  occurred.  The  plaintiff  stated,  in  reply  to  Mr.  Aspinall,  that  he  was  not  asleep  in  the  cart  at  the  time,  that  he  was  perfectly  sober,  and  that  he  was  driving  with  rains.  On  the  part  of  the  defence  the  driver  of  the  omnibus  deposed  that  he  was  getting  out  of  the  middle  of  the  road  to  avoid  a  gentleman's  carriage,  when  he  saw  the  donkey  cart  upon  the  road  before  him,  and  called  out  to  the  plaintiff  to  get  out  of  tue  way,  Wlll.lLe  lea  La.cat  Lat,  COURT  :  I  will  not  allow  this  driver  to  set  up  this  sort  of  thing  as  a  defence.  His  business  was,  if  he  could  not  go  on  without  running  into  the  carriage  or  the  cart  was  to  pull  up.  He  had  no  right  to  drive  over  the  donkey  cart  in  this  way.  He  has  no  right,  becausa  he  gets  out  of  the  way  of  a  gentleman's  carriage,  to  run  into  a  poor  man's  donkey  cart.  Let  the  gentleman's  carriage  take  its  chance  like  every  other  vehicle,  and  if  it  runs  into  any  other  conveyance,  let  the  gentleman  be  made  responsible  for  it;  but  I  cannot  listen  to  such  a  defence  as  this,  that  a  driver  is  to  get  out  of  the  way  to  avoid  a  gentleman's  car carriage  riage carriage  at  the  expense  of  a  donkey  cart.  It  is  the  business  of  this  driver  to  take  care  of  the  horses  he  is  driving,  and  not  to  run  into  a  cart  because  it  does  not  get  out  of  his  way  at  once,  especially  a  cart  drawn  by  a  donkey,  which  cannot  get  out  of  the  way  as  quickly  as  his  horses  can  come  along.  I  am  of  opinion,  that  the  defendant  in  this  case,  is  already  liable  for  some  damages.  •  Evidence  was  then  gone  into  as  to  the  value  of  the  dam damage  age damage  done  to  the  plaintiff.  The  Court  finally  gave  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff  for  £1  ss.  NASH  V.  JOHN  AND  ANNE  WALSH,—  This  was  an  action  brought  by  the  plaintiff,  a  sailor,  to  recover  £ll  from  John  Walsh,  and  Anne,  his  wife,  who  kept  a  boarding-house,  in  Leeds-street.  From  the  evidence  of  the  plaintiff,  another  sailor,  and  a  police  officer,  it  appeared,  that  the  plaintiff,  after  being  paid  off  at  the  Sailors'  Home,  had  £l6  with  him  in  the  lodging-house  kept  by  the  defendants,  and  that  as  he  was  drunk  at  the  time,  his  companion  put  the  money  on  the  table,  when  Anne  Walsh  took  it  up.  She  subsequently  gave  him  £5  of  it,  but  would  not  give  up  the  rest.  The  defendants  did  not  appear.  The  Court  cautioned  the  plain plaintiff  tiff plaintiff  against  risking  the  money,  which  he  had  hardly  earned,  in  such  places  in  a  state  of  intoxication,  and  gave  a  verdict  for  the  amount  claimed,  adding,  that  he  should  certainly  send  the  defendants  to  Lancaster  gaol  if  they  did  not  pay  the  plaintiff  the  amount  which  he  claimed.  The  remaining  cases  heard  during  the  day  did  not  possess  any  public  interest.  BRAZILIAN  CUSTOM  HOUSE  FORMALITIES.—The  ship  Maria,  belonging  to  Siffken  and  Ironsides,  returned  in  ballast  on  her  last  voyage  from  Rio  ;  and  on  the  way  touched  at  Pernambuco,  where  one  of  the  crew  bought  three  parrots  and  a  monkey.  The  vessel  was  not  allowed  to  leave  that  port  till  this  cargo  was  regularly  manifested  ;  and  we  have  before  us  a  sheet  of  foolscap,  on  which  the  parrots  and  monkey  are  duly  entered,  and  their  shipment,  in  conformity  with  Brazilian  law,  attested  by  the  formal  signatnre  of  nine  several  officials,  and  the  appropriate  seal.—New  York  Journal  of  Commerce.  OIL  SPRING.—A  new  petroleum,  or  oil  spring,  has  been  discovered  in  Western  Virginia,  near  the  forks  of  the  Hughes  river.  It  was  found  in  sinking  a  well  for  salt,  In In.tead  .tead In.tead  of  salt,  however,  the  spring  commenced  blowing  out  mineral  oil,  and  has  so  continued  to  furnish  it  at  intervals  up  to  the  present  date—about  fourteen  g  allons  of  oil  being  pro produced  duced produced  every  fifth  day.  An  account  which  appears  in  the  Christian  Advocate  and  Journal,  says,  that  the  stratum  yield yielding  ing yielding  the  oil  lies  parallel  with  the  bed  of  the  river,  is  generally  near  five  feet  thick,  and  is  reached  in  various  places  by  sinking  pits  thirty  feet  into  the  earth.  Some  pits  fifteen  feet  square,  have  yielded  one  hundred  and  thirty  five  barrels  of  oil,  but  all  are  not  alike  rich.  The  oil  is  valuable  for  weakness  in  the  breast,  sprains,  cuts,-  and  bruises;  it  burns  very  well  in  lamps,  and  may  be  used  in  dressing  leather,  instead  of  fish  oil,  but  makes  the  leather  porous.  RECOVERY  OF  A  WIFE  THROUGH  THE  ELECTRIC  TELEGRAPH.—A  few  days  since  a  telegraphic  message  was  received  at  the  Stroud  Station  of  the  North  Kent  Railway,  to  the  following  effect  Please  to  detain  tw•  ladies,  one  short  and  the  other  tall,  and  a  man  very  much  marked  with  The  parties  were  stated  to  be  in  a  first•class  carriage.  In  consequence  of  this  communication,  on  the  arrival  of  the  train  at  Higham,  the  carriages  were  locked,  and  the  parties  were  detained  on  their  arrival  at  Stroud.  A  message  back  to  London  brought  down  a  gentleman,  who  claimed  one  of  the  ladies  as  his  wife,  who,  it  was  said,  had  eloped  with  his  managing  man.  After  some  parleying.  the  lady  joined  her  husband,  and  the  parties  departed  in  cabs,  taking  different  directions.—Sentish  Observer.  On  Sunday,  at  noon,  the  weather  having  become  beautifully  calm  and  fine,  the  King  of  the  Belgians,  with  the  Count  de  Flandres  and  the  Princess  Charlotte  of  Belgium,  embarked  at  the  admiralty  pier,  Dover,  in  the  Belgian  mail  packet  Ruby,  for  Ostend.  The  Duke  and  Duchess  de  Brabant  (who  had  merely  accompanied  the  king  on  his  journey  to  Dover,  intending  to  return  to  Windsor  Castle)  went  on  board  with  their  illustrious  relatives,  anp  the  sea  being  very  calm,  and  the  atmosphere  fine  and  clear,  her  Imperial  Highness  and  her  royal  consort  decided  on  making  the  trip  to  Ostend  with  the  king.  Lord  John  Russell  comes  to  Chesham-place  to today  day today  from  Pembroke  Lodge,  to  attend  the  Cabinet  Council.  The  noble  lord,  during  his  recent  retirement  at  the  Duke  of  Argyll's  romantic  seat  at  Rosneath,  is  understood  to  have  been  much  occupied  with  preparing  his  new  Reform  Bill,  for  which  abundant  statistics  were  furnished  him,  and  which  ministers  intend  to  introduce  to  parliament  soon  after  the  commencement  of  the  session.—Sunday"
