text
"their  highest  duties  were  iu  was  the  best.guardian  of  tt  wa3  their  day  of  rest,  they  should  have  it  asja  were  to  pi  - STYLE=superscript  to.._  day  of  religion.  (Applause.)  The  resolution  was  unanimously  adopted.  The  Rev.  V.  White  proposed  the  third  resolution.  _  said  the  resolution  which  had  been  entrusted  to  him  dealt  should  there there`•Lges  `•Lges there`•Lges  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  q  at  the  with  the  working  cl,  special  ad  Sabbath  them.  H  id  of  r  great  work  in  redemption;  and  he  could  nottelp  thinking  that  the  lax  use  and  notions  which  so  extensively  pre prevailed,  vailed, prevailed,  at  the  present  time,  in  reference  to  it,  could  not  otherwise  be  regarded  than  as  distinct  indications-of  the  infidel  tendencies  of  the  age.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  order  of  creation,  and.  God's  providence  over  man,  showed  that  there  must  be.different  classes  in  the  world  —but  the  man  that  set  one  class  against  another,  was  the  man  that  was  working  for  the  destruction  of  both.  With  that  remark  in  regard  to  the  working  classes,  they  would  allow  him  to  show  how  the  Christian  Sabbath  was  specially  fitted  for  them.  In  the  first  place,  it  was'  specially  fitted  for  the  working  classes,  because  they  had  intelligent  minds  and  immortal  souls,  equally  with  the  best  and  noblest.  (Hear,  hear.)  Let  them  take  up  the  speeches  of  those  persons  who  advocate  what  they  call  Sabbath  and  they  would  find  that  they  deal  with  man  as  if  he  neither  had  a  God  to  serve,  a  soul  to  save,  nor  a  Saviour  to  love.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  did  not  say  that  all  felt  or  said  so,  but  there  were  many  who  professed  such  feelings  ;  and  he  was  not  wrong,  he  thought,  in  asking  if  that  were  not  the  natu natural  ral natural  and  inevitable  result  of  the  anti-Sabbath  movement?  (Hear,  hear.)  They  never  heard  a  single  sentence  uttered  directing  the  sinner  to  the  Saviour,  telling  him  the  need  of  salvation,  or  the  way  in  which  that  salvation  was  to  be  obtained.  They  were  told  that  under  the  Christian  dispensation  they  were  loading  men  back  to  the  observance  of  the  old  and  obsolete  Jewish  ceremony  ;'but  who  we-e'the  men  who  were  leading  them  back,  not  to  the  - STYLE=superscript  old  and'obso'ete  Jewish  ceremony,  but  to  something  below  it?  The  Jews  never  had  any  such  ob observance  servance observance  on  the  Sabbath—nothing  so  purely  carnal  as  opening  of  museums,  opening  of  Crystal  Palaces,  opening  of  public-houses,  and  playing  of  bands  in  public  gardens.  and  laughter.)  He  would  tell  them  where  they  would  find  the  counterpart  of  it.  If  they  read  history  they  would  find  that  there  was  a  religious  sect  of  men  whose  Heaven  consisted  in  carnal  pleasures,  and  that  was  the  Heaven  not  of  the  Jew  but  of  the  Mahommedan.  (Hear,  hear.)  How  differently  did  the  Sabbath  deal  with  the  working  man,  His  home  might  be  humble  and  his  fare  scant,  but  it  did  not  deal  with  hi-n  as  if  he  were  a  mere  brute,  or  as  if  he  had  a  body  merely  to  be  fed  and  clothed.  There  were  great  diversities  in  the  positon  of  men  in  the  world.  Some  were  born  under  the  sunshine  of  prosperity.  Well,  they  had  their  day;  they  were  very  apt  to:forget  themselves.  Accustomed  to  command,  it  was  just  pr  sible  they  might  fancy  themselves  more  than  mar.  3rore,  a  d:ln  writer  taught  them  to  pray  born  under  the  cloud  of  adversity,  the  first,  and  they  oontinued  so  to  the  last  there  was,  tt  ger  against  which  t  )mething  1  adatiger  that  constant  trial  and  trouble  m  to  fancy  that  they  w,  original  curse  pronol  men,  but  the  poor  working-classes  sons  of  toil.  Work,  work,  work,  was  their  Z..—  L...  stotv,  not  unfrequently  from  that  early  childhood,  they  had  scarcely  known  a  parent's  love,  till  they  mingl  their  ashes  with  those  of  the  stranger  in  ,the  commoi  burial  place.  They  werettant  merely  sons  of  toil,  but  the]  were  children  of  servitude.  All  needed  the  Sabbath,  bu  the  poor  man's  trials  rendered  the  Sabbath  indispensabit  to  him.  (Hear,  hear)  The  rest  of  the  Sabbath  was  th(  very  enjoyment  which  the  poor  man  needed,  and  when  th(  late  Dr.  Blackburne  was  asked  by  a'minister  in  town  thif  question,  whether,  putting  altogether  out  of  the  question  the  law  of  God,  the  °penult;  of  parks  and  other  places  of  amusement  for  the  working  classes  would  be  more  bene beneficial  ficial beneficial  to  their  bodies,  than  the  rest  and  exercise  which  God's  word  had  already  provided  for  them,  he  answered  that  he  had  not  the  smallest  hesitation  in  declaring  that  he  believed  ,if  all  the  medical  men  li  n  England  were,to  assemble  to  discuss  what  sort  of  Sabbath  in  itself  would  be  most  beneficial  to  the  working  classes,  they  would  say  that  it  was  the  very  Sabbath  that  the  Bible  commanded  them  to  keep.  (Applause.)  It  was  good  for  their  bodies  ......it  was  good  for  their  souls.  They  were  told  that  the  Sunday  in  Paris  was  a  far  better  thing  than  a  Sunday  either  in  Liverpool  or  Glasgow;  but  he  should  tell  again  t  r  that  if  the  Sabbath  day  once  b  ecame  j  a  d  ay  o  f  p  l  easur  e,  I  would  be  jeePessitole  CV  prevent  It  also  being  mob  A  CIAY  n  and  t  mmen,  reports  the  total  des•,  kberdare.  It  was  er  ed  for  divine  , STYLE=superscript  r  about  700  T  1  DU,  a  repor  flue,  wh'  .ch  had  mad  with  which  tt  fl  th  becaus  tion,  by  lately  In  one  and  thy  and  benevo-  leration  than  rmarthen  Fagan's  kir.  Clive,  iglabonrhood,  and  fflrded  commo-  about  y,  a  woman,  enza  a  tire  i  in  cleaning  for  the  purpose  of  oue  useu  tor  the  fire  a  quantity  of  church  had  been  decorated  at  Christ Christ'',  '', Christ'',  fuel  being  very  dry  sent  a  u”osed  that.  ti  was  a  layer  of  felt  betty-i  felt  nrobitblv  which  is  at  top  236  feet  long  and  93  feet  4  inches  wide,  and  at  bottom  191  feet  long  and  40  feet  wide.  There  were  13  charges  in  all-11  of  160  each,  and  two  of  300  lbs  each—total  2360  lbs  of  powder.  The  hour  named  was  half-past  four,  but  all  was  not  ready  for  Mr.  Deane  to  operate  upon  with  his  10  voltaic  batteries  and  electric  wires,  till  an  hour  and  a  half  after,  when  the  de demolition  molition demolition  was  pronounced  complete  as  far  as  it  went.  Two  cables  were  again  used,  to  which  the  small  wires  leading  to  each  charge  were  attached.  In  addition  to  a  large  number  of  engineer  officers,  there  were  present,  although  it  was  dark,  the  commander-in-chief,  with  two  aides-de.  camp,  Brigadier-General  Straubenzee,  with  his  aide-de aide-decamp,  camp, aide-decamp,  and  two  officers  of  the  Ilth  Hussars,  viz.,  Captain  Dallas  Yorke  and  Cornet  Wilkin,  besides  the  garrison  of  Sebastopol  and  the  officers  on  guard,  the  whole  being  under  :the  superintendence  of  Brevet-major  Nicholson,  R.E.  The  enemy  took  no  notice  of  the  explosion,  non  have  they  been  firing  much  lately  from  the  north  side,.  although,  it  is  reported  that,  on  New-year's  day  the,  French  and  Russian  pickets  were  uselessly  firing  at  each  other.  vas  consi  through  the  roof,  probably  ;1  unsightly.  There  es  ;  thia  aount  of  damage  CENTRE  DOCK  AT  SEBASTOPOL--.  h:tve  blown  up  the  bottom  of  the  centre  doe  A  CRIMEAN  TlEuo.—The  following'  obituary  notice  apt  pears  in  the  Dublin  Evening  Mail:—Died  at  Malta,  &amp;on;  the  effects  of  a  wound  received  on  the  memorable  Bth  or  September,  Ensign  Lionel  Edward  Fitzgerald,  of  the  4lst  Regiment.  A  member  of  a  respectable  family  in  the  Queen's  County  (the  Fitzgeralds  of  Rockview),  he  was  thrown  upon  the  world  at  an  early  age  to  carve  out  his  own  fortune;  and,  having  first  tried  a  civil  employment,  to  which  he  had  been  appointed  through  the  influence  of  the  Hon.  Thomas  Vesey,  now  Viscount  de  Vesci,  he  en enlisted  listed enlisted  about  twelve  years  ago  in  the  corps  to  which  he  remained  attached  until  his  death.  As  colour-sergeant  he  _  to  the  East,  anti  bore  his  part  diets  and  arduous  duties  which  de dedistinguished  distinguished dedistinguished  corps.  until  the  fall  of  assault  on  the  Redan  his  name  General  of  'Division  among  those  .ecompanied  his  regiment  in  all  file  deadly  e  volved  upon  that  Sebastopol.  In  the  recorded  b,  .....  .  -.  ge  nerous  spirits  who  worthil  a  civic  crown  by  volouteering  to  place  then  to  to  brine  murderous  fire  in  0'  yes  under  a  sy  their  wounded  comrades  to  a  place  of  s  service  honou  to  the  It  was  while  engaged  _  wound,  whioh„  Linn  to  an  early,  but  •onduct,  on  that  occasion  11%  eived  t  a  number  of  tt  Between  twbnt  former  were  returning  fr,  (I-Li  vere  the  We  c  great  satisfaction  a  .nd  men,  by  whP;  in  he  —On  Saturday  evening  con.  the  neighbourhood  of  Haver.  counter  which  took  esex  Militia  and  nd  thirty  of  the  at  which  place  .s  of  th  m  Kampstead  East  Middlesex  Militia  is  situated.  3r  drink,  and  were  somewhat  bole..  When  n  it  the  toll-gate  . STYLE=superscript  ,  close  to  the  Chalk  Farm  th  London  Railway,  they  were  met  by  - STYLE=superscript  0  returning  front  nearly  twenty  labouring  m  their  work.  An  alteroation  -en  m,  who  , STYLE=superscript  peedilfled  to  ,  trowels,  and  other  (a.Ow  la  .  botiver)  recei  ve  d  a  wound  in  the  “,,  -eely  used.  I  n  the  melee  ed  by  a  b  a  y  onet,  o  r  some  other  c  o  h  n  e  e  ekrw  or  hic  fe  h  llo  N  NI  , STYLE=superscript  v  s  sharp  instrument.  The  flesh  was  literally  stripped  off  the  cheek  bone.  Fortunately  the  wounded  man  was  rescued  from  the  grasp.  of  the  militiamen,  and  conveyed  by  his  companions,  whither STYLE=superscript  could  not  ,he  ascertained,  as  the  pollee  were  not  at  hand.  The  consequence  was,  that  those  who  provoked  the  riot  escaped  unpunished.  Shortly  after  the  occurrence  one  of  the  Officers  of  the  regiment  was  on  the  spot,  .but  it  was  i  mposs  ib  le  for  the  bystanders  to  give  such  information  as  would  lead  to  the  detection  of  the  leaders  in  the  affair.  To  avoid  the  violence  of  the  militia,  many  of  th  e  wor  k  men  took  refuse  in  a  brewer's  yard  *IQ  by.  In  a  riot  s  were  f  On  sate.  FOR  SALE,  the  ship  WILLIAM  GIBSON,  4  .  ;;;„  454  tons  o.se.,  592  tons  N.M.  Length  inside  107  feet  o-inths,  breadth  inside  26  feet  9-iflths,  depth  21  feet  gilt  at  Hull,  in  1844,  by  the  late  Mr.  William  own  use.  Classed  A  1  at  Lloyds  for  12  in  1853  ;  has  a  full  poop  ;  is  `  , STYLE=superscript  v,  equal  to  70  tons,  of  50  I STYLE=superscript  .AMPOKT  &amp;  HOLT.  .  40,1  g  in  Al  t  Grand"
