text
"NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  ACCIDENT  ON  THE  LONDON  AND  NORTH  WESTERN  RAILWAY.  This  morning  the  down  mail  train  from  London  was  detained  for  about  two  hours,  in  consequence  of  a  .disaster  which  happened  to  the  boiler  of  the  engine,  at  Stafford.  The  train  is  due  at  the  Lime Limestreet  street Limestreet  station,  at  a  quater  to  four  o'clock,  but'  it  did  nor  arrive  until  nearly  six  o'clock.  Northern  Daily  Times  Office,  Saturday  Morning,  Six  o'Clock.  MARKET  REPORT  and  the  surrounding  stations,  and  one  or  two  or  more  officers  have  fallen  victims  to  the  scourge.  Among  these  we  note  the  name  of  Lieut.  and  Ad Adjutant  jutant Adjutant  Anderton  of  the  74th  Bengal  N.  I.  On'the  river  Jum.na  near  the  station  of  Agra,  a  gentlemen  is  now  engaged  in  opening  coal-mines  for  the  supply  of  steamers  working  upon  the  river  Ganges.  Coal  steamers  are  also  said  to  exist  at  Callinger  and  at  Ajeeghur  ;  and  the  latter  place  is  situated  a  few  miles  to  the  East  of  the  river  Caur,  which  joins  the  Jumna  about  100  miles  above  Allahabad.  The  Caur  is  said  to  be  perfectly  practicable  for  boats  all  the  way  from  its  mouth  to  the  neighbourhood  of  the  coal  mines.  The  practicability  of  supplying  our  steamers  working  upon  the  Ganges  and  other  Indian  rivers,  with  coal  indigenous  to  the  soil,  instead  of  that.  brought  out  from  England,  has  often  been  talked  of,  134  is  only  now  likelY  to  be  'put  in  practice  for  the  first  time.  And  this  prac practicability  ticability practicability  could  hardly.  have  come  at  a  more  favor favorable  able favorable  season,  for  the  price  of  English  coal  is  at  pre present  sent present  extremely  high  even  at  the  Presidency,  and  sea-port,  towns  of  India.  The  Nizam's  dominions  are  perfectly  quiet,  as  is  also  the  territories  not  long  ago  given  up  to  our  Government,  in  virtue  of  the  late  treaty.  The  Brigade  which  was  out  in  '.the  vally  of  Berar  has  been  withdrawn.  All  the  Zemindars,  or  large  landholders,  who  were  inclined  to  be  refractory  in  those  districts,  towards  the  new  order  of  things,  have  given  in,  and  the  whole  of  the  districts  are  as  quiet  as  any  province  of  British  India.  •  From  neither'  Calcutta  . STYLE=superscript  nor  Madras  have  we  any  thing  new  to  commnnicate.  The  Governor  General  is  still  at  the  former  place,  and  rumour  has  it  that  His  Lordship  is  likely  to  remain  some  eighteen  months  longer  in  India.  In  Bombay  the  great  event  of  the  past  ten  days,  has  been  a  public  Meeting,  which  has  been  con convened  vened convened  at  the  Town  Hall,  for  the  purpose  of  taking  into  consideration  the  defective  mail  arrangements,  and  to  take  such  measures  as  may  „lead  to  an  im improVement  proVement improVement  in  the  same.  A  practical  speech  was  made  by  Mr.  John  Smith,  of  the  well-known  firm  of  Messrs.  William  Nicol  Co.  Telegraph  and  Courier  Office,  Bombay,  10th  Sept.,  1853.  Since  the  departure  of  the  last  Mail,  the  transac transactions  tions transactions  in  Piece  Goods  have  been  to  a  fair  extent,  al although  though although  not  so  great  in  proportion  as  during  the  preceding  'fortnight  ;  and  there  is  little  change  to  notice  in  prices.'  Crey  Long  Cloths  are  not  yet  in  season,  but  there  is  a  better  enquiry  for  them.  Grey  Madapollams  have  been  sold  to  the  extent  of  10,400  pieces  at  Rs.  2.  11  to  Rs.  2,  5.  per  piece.  Grey  T.  Cloth  and  Domestics  show  no  change.  Grey  Jacconetts  are  much  sought  for.  Grey  Cambric  are  enquired  for.  Bleached  Shirtings  are  freely  bought,  but  the  more  extensive  goods  do  not  meet  with  demand.  Turkey  Red  GoOds  are  in  rather  better  enquiry.  Turkey  Red  Yarns  are  very  saleable.  29,000  lbs.  of  Cochneal  sold  at  Rs.  17-8,  and  130  lbs.  Saffron  at  Rs.  131  per  lbs.  Cotton  is  fully  maintained,  the  dealers  being  very  firm,  more  especially  as  the  rates  of  freight  have  lately  given  way  to  £2  15.  S  at  £2  17s  'Ed  to  LiVerpool.  but  few  transactions  have  taken  place,  at.  Rs  103  per  candy  for  Dhollerah,  Rs.  105  to  106  for  Broach  and  Surat  ;  Rs.  96  at  for  Oomerwutty  .Rs.  95  at  96  for  Mangrole  Cotton.  Linseed  is  not  to  be  •had  ;  contracts  for  delivery  are  offered  at  Rs.  34  per  cent.  Mocha  Coffee  is  worth  Rs.  91  at  94  per  maund.  Exchange  on  England  during  this  month  has  varied  from  2s.  lid.  pet  Rupee  to  the  present  cur current  rent current  rate  for  first  class  paper  at  6  month's  sight  ;  on  London  2s.  15  l6thsd.  at  2s.  la-d.  per  Rupee.  Bills  secured  by  documents  selling  at  an  equally  favourable  rate.  (From  the  London  Gazette  of  last  night.)  Foreign  Office,  October  14,  1853,  The  Queen  has  been  pleased  to  approve  of  Mr.  Charles  Stoss  as  Consul  at.  Liverpool,  for  His  '  Royal  Highness  the  Grand  Duke  of  Hesse."
