text
"COUNTY  COU.RT.-YESTERDAY,  •  His  Honor  J  OSEPH  PoL  L  ocK,  Esq.,  proceeded  with  the  business  of  this  Court,  at  10  o'clock  yesterday.  A  considerable  time  was  occupied  in  hearing  clainuints  undefended  actions,  all  of.which  were  devoid  of  public  ink  rest.  '  ASP  SHIP  BROKERi  PER  CENTAGR.—BLYTHE,  tbe  COOPER,  V.  BL  SETT.—  This  action  was  brought  6(1,  plaintiff,'  YS  to  recover  from  the  defendantthe  sum  of  ll  a  nt  The  amount  of  the  bill  was  not  disputed,  but  the  de  feu STYLE=superscript  claimed  a  reduction  from  than  amount  of  10  per  cent.'l  order  for  the  goods  having  passed  through  his  hands.  said  he  was  willing  to  pay  the  amount,  if  10  per  cent.  taken  off.  The  defendant  handed  to  his  Honor  several,oo  counts,  for  the  purpose  of  showing  that  in  all  transaet  o  '  t  .  with  the  firm  he  had  been  allowed  10  per  cent.  disc  ° STYLE=superscript  l3a  4  His  Honor  said  it  was  quite  apparent  that  10  per  coll.  rk:  previously  been  deducted  from  the  accounts.  The  Li  e STYLE=superscript  ut  ,  .If  such  has  been  doile  a  higher  price  must  have  be  en STYLE=superscript  upon  the  articles  in  the  - STYLE=superscript  first  instance,  to  meet  thar  —The  Defendant  :  Some  of  the  items'in  the  last  ueec  n STYLE=superscript  T  te  are  3s.  more  than  in  former  bills.—His  Honor  :  It  is  t  ot  clear  to  me,  that  it  has  been  the  custom  of  the  firm  to  the  defendant  the  per  tentage  as  his  profit,  therefore  he  '  entitled  to  a  verdict.  0  4  6  tt'  AN  AGENT  TRADDIG  ON  lIIS  OWN  ACCOUNT.—,LTr  AWE-  .'  v.  Wm.  ROWLE.—This  was  an  action  brought  by  the  P  l STYLE=superscript  '  a STYLE=superscript  er  tiffs,  the  proprietors  of  the  Westminster  Breweiy,  to  reeuacto  of  the  defendant  the  sum  of  £7  155.,  for  goods  Supplie  ° STYLE=superscript  him  by  their  Liverpool  agent,  Mr.  Blake.  A  clerk  0;  netted  with  the  firm,  stated  that  he  had  applied  to  defendant  for  payment,  when  he  (defendant)  informed  .0  r  ,  that  he  had  paid  Mr.  Blake,  who  Was  formerly  the  Li  ve STYLE=superscript  „A  pool  agent  for  the  firm.  7  The  defendant  admitted  that  he  Die  had  the  goods,  .except  with  regard  to  the  first  item.  had  the  goods  off  Mr.  Blake,  .and  he  had  P.  Mr.  Blake  for  them.  The  defendant  produced  the  illv°l  l  ,  c STYLE=superscript  e  '  on  which  appeared  only  the  name  of  Mr.  Blake,  and  1  10 STYLE=superscript  t  1 STYLE=superscript  '  5  name  of  the  firm  for  which  he  was  agent.  Mr.  Blake  Is STYLE=superscript  )  next  examined.  He  said  he  was  formerly  the  Livetrm  agent  to  the  plaintiffs,  Messrs.  Thorne,  and  Co.  All  go  oci STYLE=superscript  were  invoiced  to  him  by  the  firm,  and  they  always  looked  ti,;  him  for  payment.  He  sold  the  p,moods  to  the  defendant  au  received  the  money  for  them.  He  supplied  them  in  his  °I  name.  He  had  had  an  interview  with  Mr.  Hawes,  one  °,  the  plaintiffs,  and  in  the  course  of  that  interview  he  had  t  olu STYLE=superscript  him  that  the  defendant's  bill  was  a  set  off.  The  ledger  Isi  s STYLE=superscript  produced,  by  which  it  appeared  that  the  account  had  beet!  crossed  off.  The  clerk  explained  that  it  had  been  erosseat,  out  as  a  bad  debt,  but  it  had  since  been  thought  that  it  mil?  be  recovered.—Ris  Honour,  showing  the  invoice  to  plaint  0  witness,  said  he  should  like  to  know  how  the  plaintiff  ,'  1 STYLE=superscript  account  for  its  not  having  their  names  upon  it.  Had  -3  1 STYLE=superscript  5  Blake  authority  to  send  out  such  an  invoice  ?—Witness  COl  not  say  what  Mr.  Blake's  arrangements  Were  ;  but  he  h  a STYLE=superscript  ,  sent  many  similar  to  that  out,  and  the  firm  must  have  be  e STYLE=superscript  '  cognisant  of  the  system,  as  they,  about  once  a  year,  eufi  le STYLE=superscript  to  Liverpool,  when  they  inspected  all  the  books  and  paPer  s STYLE=superscript  '  and  must  have  seen  many  such.—The  Clerk  to  Mr.  Blake  Had  you  liberty  from  the  firm  to  barter  ?—Mr.  Blake  :  but  I  have  done  so.—His  Honour  'aid  he  was  of  opiNo  n STYLE=superscript  that  if  the  case  rested  upon  the  invoice,  that  which  had  be  e STYLE=superscript  /  in  .  sent  with  the  goods  without  the  name  of  the  firm,  11 STYLE=superscript  %  Mr.  Blake  as  agent,  but  simply  with  Mr.  Blake's  name  uP  ° STYLE=superscript  it,  it  would  have  been  very  different,  for  then  the  defenda  nt STYLE=superscript  would  have  been  liable,  as  he  would  not  have  been  justified  in  bartering  with  goods  with  Mr.  Blake  without  first  having  consulted  with  the  plaintiffs,  and  ascertained  if  he  had  au  thority  ;  but  in  the  present  case  it  did  not  rest  on  the  invoic  e STYLE=superscript  alone,  for  they  had  the  evidence  Of-the  clerks  in  the  emPl  ° STYLE=superscript  /  of  the  plaintiff,  who  stated  that  they  had  the  knowledge  that  such  invoices  were  sent  out  by  Mr.  Blake,  and  that  b°  Was  acting  as  a  principle  and  not  as  an  agent.  Such  being;  his  views  of  the  case,  he  considered  the  defendant  was  11° STYLE=superscript  '  liable."
