text
"THE  SWEDISH  DIET.  STOCKHOLM,  Nov.  24.—The  King  opened  the  Diet  tc-day  in  person.  His  Majesty's  speech  contained  the  following  passage  Agreeably  to  the  de demands  mands demands  of  my  royal  duty  and  the  present  political  position  of  Europe,  I  will  cause  to  be  laid  before  you  a  statement  of  a  complete  system  of  defence.  Such  a  system  is  imperatively  called  for,  in  order  to  place  the  country  in  a  position  to  preserve  its  NEW  BRUNSWICK.  (Front  our  Third  Edition.  of  Yesterday.)  The  new  ship  Tyrone,  Captain  Dormard,  arrived  here  to-day  from  Bathurst,  New  Brunswick,  having  made  the  passage  in  fourteen  days,  from  land  to  land,  and  brings  the  latest  dates  from  that  quarter.  For  some  time  before  her  sailing,  the  early  ap approaches  proaches approaches  of  a  severe  winter  had  set  in,  which  was  hindering  labour.  It  was  feared  - STYLE=superscript  that  the  vessels  in  port  would  have  to  lay  over  the  winter,  on  the  Susannah,  which  was  loaded,  and  rmdy  for  sea,  being  frozen  up.  Accounts  from  the  ports  higher  up  the  St.  Lawrence  are  of  the  same  tenor.  THE  JESUITS  EXPELLED  FROM  BADEN.—The  Archbishop  of  Frieburg,  has  presented  a  protest  to  the  government  of  Baden  against  the  expulsion  of  the  Jesuit  preachers  from  the  Grand  Duchy.  The  minister  of  the  sovereign  replies  that  the  mo motive  tive motive  on  which  the  government  acted  was  an  evi evident  dent evident  intention  on  the  part  of  the  holy  fathers  to  circumvent  the  government  and  evade  the  law  re regulating  gulating regulating  the  settlement  of  religious  order  in  the  territory  of  Baden.  The  only  guarantee  which  the  government  has  at  any  time  for  the  behaviour  of  a  foreign  clergy  is  the  confidence  that  the  archbishop  himself  will  watch  over  them,  but  this  confidence,  alas  !  is  gone,  and  the  government  can  no  more  allow  the  Jesuits  to  settle  within  its  jurisdiction.  HANovEn.--The  Augsburg  Gazette  contains  a  letter  from  Hanover,  which  says:—The  political  colour  of  the  new  minis ministry  try ministry  is  not  as  yet  clearly  defined.  The  opinions  of  the  presi president  dent president  of  the  council  are  alone  known.  The  king  insists  on  the  restitution  of  a  part  of  the  domains  which  have  been,  since  1848,  transformed  into  state  property.  His  majesty  wants  to  have  matters  re-established  on  the  same  footing  as  previously,  because  the  dotation  of  the  crown  is  taken  from  the  revenue  of  the  domanial  property.  The  ministers  who  lately  resigned  were  not  of  that  opinion,  and  that  circum circumstance  stance circumstance  was,  in  fact,  the  cause  of  their  resignation.  LOMI3ARDY.  —By  accounts  from  Milan  it  seems  that  the  return  of  Count  Gyulai,  or  the  apprehension  of  that  of  Maz Mazzini,  zini, Mazzini,  or  a  mixture  of  both  of  these  evils,  has  been  the  signal  for  the  most  unprecedented  precautions  against  anything  like  surprise  —such,  indeed,  as  are  only  taken  by  troops,  in  an  enemy's  country,  and  not  always  then.  Guards  are  placed  in  parts  of  the  town  were  no  guards  ever  were  before;  the  numbers  at  the  different  posts  are  doubled  ;  the  soldiers  so  employed  are  secured  from  being  overpowered  by  any  sudden  onslaught  of  a  mob  by  stout  stockades  ;  even  in  the  theatre  the  officers  of  the  garrison  have  a  pen  so  railed  off  for  them  as  to  protect  them  from  the  animosity  of  the  multi multitude,  tude, multitude,  and  a  private  entrance  assigned  them  ;  and  to  render  security  doubly  sure,  civilians  are  not  allowed  to  enter  the  theatre  without  showing  their  passport,  or  carts  di  sicureza,  at  the  door.  IMPORTANT  TO  4, STYLE=superscript  EXCURSION  RAILWAY  TRAVELLERS.  WHALLEY  V.  THE  LONDON  AND  NORTH-WESTERN  RAILWAY  COMPANY.  This  was  an  action  brought  in  the  county  court  at  Man Manchester,  chester, Manchester,  and  tried  on  the  29th  ult.  Mr.  Etty,'  solicitor,  of  Liverpool,  appeared  for  the  railway  company.  The  plain plaintiff  tiff plaintiff  claimed  to  recover  the  value  of  certain  luggage  lost  by  him  on  his  journey  from  Birmingham  to  Manchester  by  one  of  Marcus's  excursion  trains  in  October,  1852.  The  learned  judge,  after  perusing  Marcus's  bill  of  the  trip,  held  that  the  railway  company  was  NOT  liable  for  property  lost  on  their  line,  and  belonging  to  passengers  by  excursion  trains.  DEATH  OF  AN  OLD  RAILWAY  OFFICER.—MT.  Eborall,  the  goods'  manager  of  the  Birmingham  station  of  the  London  and  North-Western  railway,  died  suddenly  on  Wednesday  morning  last.  He  was  a  most  able  and  faith faithful  ful faithful  servant  of  the  company,  and  was  much  beloved  by  all  those  under  him.  SCOTCH  FARMS.—  Large  quantities  of  sheep  tare  being  imported  from  the  Highlands  into  Wigtonshire  to  eat  up  the  surplus  produce  of  the  enterprising  agriculturists  of  that  county.—North  British  Daily  Mail.  DEATH  FROM  INTOXICATION.—A  man  named  George  Clecry,  a  mason,  who  has  lately  pursued  a  course  of  dis dissipation,  sipation, dissipation,  was  found  in  a  state  of  perfect  intoxication,  on  Monday  evening,  about  five  o'clock,  in  May-street.  He  was  taken  to  the  police-office,  and  placed  near  a  fire  ;  but  about  twelve  o'clock,  seeing  that  he  was  exhibiting  symp symptom  tom symptom  of  serious  illness,  he  was  conveyed  to  the  general  hospital.  He  was  then  in  a  perfect  state  of  insensibility,  and  the  stomach-pump  was  applied  by  Dr.  Breaky,  but  from  that  time  until  Tuesday  evening,  when  he  said  a  few  words  to  his  wife,  he  did  not  show  any  symptoms  of  con consciousness,  sciousness, consciousness,  and  died  at  an  early  hour  yesterday  morning.  An  inquest  was  held  by  Mr.  Jackson  and  a  respectable  jury,  yesterday,  when,  after  hearing  the  medical  and  other  testi testimonies,  monies, testimonies,  a  verdict  of  died  from  the  effects  of  was  returned.—Northern  Whig,"
