text
"COMATERCIAL  IN'T'ELLIGENCE  -  -  805113  t.Y  MARKETS,  DEC  17,  1855,  TO  JAN.  1,  1‘36  , STYLE=superscript  The  Overland  Mail  of  the  26th  November,  per  Pvn  in  ,11..  lar  and  Oriental  steamer  Ganges,  arrived  here  on  the  22.1  a  of  December.  The  tightness  in  our  Money  Market  (luring  the  fortni::lit  has  increased  considerably,  and  the  banks  since  our  I.  st  report  have  raised  their  rates  of  interest  1  per  cent.,  with  every  prospect  of  a  further  advance.  IMPORT  MARKET.—A  fair  amount  of  business  has  born  transacted  during  the  past  fortnight  in  cotton  nib,  les,  but  we  regret  to  say  at  a  further  concession  in  price,  ho:d  rg  seeming  desirous  of  disposing  of  their  goods  to  avail  oft  lie  very  favourable  rate  of  exchange  on  which  is  some  measure  compensates  for  the  decline  noticed.  COTTON  YARN  :  The  market  continues  very  dull,  and,  with  'a  pressure  to  sell,  prices  have  declined  for  both  mule  and  water.  EXPORTS.  COFFEE  :  The  supplies  in  the  market  are  scarce.  but  ive  do  not  observe  any  change  in  value  either  of  Mocha  or  Malabar.  PEPPER  remains  unchanged  in  value,  and  the  demand  OPIUM  :  Until  the  last  few  days  the  market  was  very'  active  and  considerable  transactions  had  effect,  but  Intel..  ligence  received  via  Calcutta,  by  electric  telegraph,  two  days  ago,  of  lower  prices  for  Malwa,  has  caused  the  mar  , STYLE=superscript  ket  to  become  quiet,  and  prices  have  declined.  FREIGHTS  have  slightly  given  way;  3/  2s  to  3/  5s  to  Loidon  and  Liverpool;  seeds,  3/  103  to  3/  EXCHANGE  on  England  during  the  fortnight  advanced  considerably,  and  the  business  done  we'  quote  as  follows;  2s  2d  to  2s  2U  for  China  and  first-class  credits,  and  2s  21d  to  2s  2M  for  documents  ;  on  Calcutta,  102  r  at  sigh;  and  99ir  at  Go  days'  sight;  on  Madras,  100  Ar  at  sight  an  99}r  at  30  days'  sight;  an  d  on!  China,  215  - STYLE=superscript  r  at  60  days  sight."
