text
"J.  F  QUICK,  MASONIC  JEWELLER,  7,  PARKER-STREET,  LIVERPOOL,  BEGS  to  remind  his  Friends  that  the  Prices  of  his  Royal  Arch  JEWELS  are—  Silver  Gilt,  small  size,  325,  large  size,  425.  Metal  Ditto,  Ditto,  255,  ditto,  325.  All  other  kinds  of  Masonic  Jewels  at  equally  moderate  prices,  and  Workmanship  unequalled.  P.S.—Goll  Chains  for  their  Weight  in  Sovereigns.  TERMS  UNIFORM  AND  MODERATE.  Further  particulars  may  be  obtained  of  Henry  Green,  Agricultu Agricultural  ral Agricultural  Auctioneer  and  Valuer,  Hamilton.street,  opposite  the  Town-Hall,  Birkenhead.  HORSES,  CARRIAGES,  7  HARNFS  it  &amp;c.,  AT  LUCAS'S  REPO  , STYLE=superscript  IFORY,  LIVERPOOL,  each  clay  at  Twelve  o'clock,  precisely,  NIESSRS.  LUCA  S  &amp;  C  0.,  will  SELL  by  AUCTION  on  Wednesday  next,  January  9th,  1856,  TWENTY  CART  HORSES,  with  great  power,  substance,  and  activity,  and  in  working  condition.  Twelve  SPRING  VAN  and  HARNESS  HORSE  S,  Lorries,  Carts,  Floats,  Spring  Vans,  Gears,  &amp;c.  On  Saturday  next,  January  12th,  1856,  a  splendid  STUD:of  GREYHOUN  US,  the  property  of  the  late  Earl  of  Sefton,  without  reserve.  Catalogues  may  be  had  at  Lucas's  Repository.  THE  EXECUTION,  ON  SATURDAY,  [The  following  appeared  in  our  Extra  Edition  of  Saturday  The  horrors  of  a  public  execution  have  again  been  enacted  in  this  County.  Jonathan  Heywood  was  this  day  brought  to  the  gallows,  for  the  murder  of  Margaret  Jones,  and  suffered  death  in  expiation  of  his  fearful  crime  against  society.  When  the  inhabitants  of  Kirkdale  awoke  to  pursue  their  usual  avocations,  they  found  the  judicial  preparations  already  made.  The  awful  apparatus  of  death  had  been  erected  on  the  north northwest  west northwest  front  of  the  Kirkdale  jail,  over  the  walls  of  which  floated  the  black  flag,  indicative  of  the  tragedy  about  to  be  enacted.  TEN  O'CLOCK  Long  before  this  hour  preparations  were  made  by  the  authorities  in  the  usual  way,  and  a  strong  wooden  barricade  was  erected  in  front  of  the  drop,  corresponding  with  the  area  of  the  walls,  and  this  was  kept  by  Superintendent  Boyd,  Inspectors  Gardiner,  Hames,  Hough,  Morrough,  Tomlinson,  Hazel,  and  150  men  of  the  force  of  the  borough.  The  crowd  at  this  time  did  not  consist  of  more  than  300  persons,  and  these  chiefly  of  young  people  of  from  16  to  18  years  of  age.  The  morning  was  very  wet,  and  it  was  supposed  that  this  circumstance  would  prevent  a  large  crowd  collecting,  but  as  the  time  of  the  execution  approached,  large  streams  of  people  began  to  pour  in  from  all  quarters.  There  was  a  lady  name  d  Lee,  the  wife  of  a  primitive  preacher,  and  her  exertions  in  distributing  tracts  through  the  crowd  were  very  remarkable.  There  were  also  a  number  of  Town  Missionaries,  amongst  whom  were  Messrs  Sanners,  Parry;  Holgate,  and  Sheppard,  and  these  addressed  the  crowd  alternately,  exhorting  them  to  repentance.  They  also  chaunted  psalms.  The  people  were  also  addressed  by  Mr.  Jones,  Mr.  Booth,  Mr.  Brown,  and  Mr.  Radcliffe,  in  the  same  strain.  We  may  here  observe,  once  for  all,  that  the  conduct  of  the  people,  from  first  to  last,  was  decorous  in  the  extreme  ;  and  we  are  glad  of  it.  If  public  executions  are  made  for  example  sake,  as  well  as  punishment,  then  it  must  be  gratify gratifying  ing gratifying  to  find  that  the  spectators  appear  sensible  of  such  examples,  and  preserve  the  gravity  befitting  such  occasions.  We  were  glad  to  find  that  the  attendance  of  females  was  very  meagre,  and  those  who  were  present  were  of  the  humblest  classes,  with  a  few  exceptions  where  we  observed  well  dressed  young  females  in  the  crowd.  ELEVEN  O'CLOCK.  POLICE  COURT.-SATURDAY.  (BEFORE  ME.  HAYWOOD.)  THE  SWELL-MOB  AT  JENNY  LIND'S  CONCERT.---11;  well-dressed,  respectable  looking  young  man,  who  gave  the  name  of  William  Johnson,  was  charged  by  Detective Detectiveofficer  officer Detectiveofficer  Povey,  under  the  following  circumstances  :  Povey  stated  that  he  was  on  duty  on  Friday  night  at  the  Philharmonic  Rooms,  on  the  occasion  of  Jenny  Lind's  concert,  and  that  between  eleven  and  twelve  o'clock  he  observed  the  prisoner  loitering  about  the  corridor  and  mixing  with  the  company  wo  were  then  separating,  Knowing  the  prisoner  to  be  a  pickpocket,  and  also  knowing  that  a  gentleman  had  been  robbed  of  his  watch  just  previously,  Povey  took  him  into  custody,  but  nothing  upon  him_  The  magistrate  asked  if  the  prisoner  had  been  one  of  the  audience  ?  Povey  replied  that  he  had  not,  but  that  he  had  managed  by  some  means  to  push  his  way  into  the  corridor.  In  answer  to  Mr,  Clough,  the  officer  also  stated  that  he  had  no  ticket  foi  the  concert.  The  magistrate  said  that  he  had  no  doubt  as  to  what  was  the  prisoner's  intention,  but  as  nothing  had  been  found  upon  him  he  should  discharge  him  with  a  caution.—Thomas  Ferguson  and  Elizabeth  Ward  were  also  brought  up  on  the  same  charge,  and  were  discharged  under  the  like  circumstances.  FORGING  A  PAWNTICRET.—  David  Garritty,  a  porter,  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  Valentine,  boarding-house  keeper,  Gorse,  and  John  Chevens,  formerly  barman  to  Mr.  Cotterall,  were  charged  with  forging  a  pawntieket.  It  appeared  that  in  October  last  Garritty  pledged  a  rule  for  6d.,  at  the  office  of  Mr.  Thomas,  pawnbroker,  Dail  street,  and  that  last  week  the  same  ticket,  but  altered  ail  if  it  had  been  given  for  a  Geneva  watch  pledged  for  105.,  was  presented  by  a  young  man.  He  stated  that  it  wai  worth  10s.,  but  as  no  watch  answering  the  descrip  tion  could  be  found,  he  was  requested  to  call  again,  I-Is  accordingly  did  so,  and  when  the  forgery  was  then  discovered,  he  declared  that  he  had  purchased  it  from  the  prisoner  Chevins,  who  was  immediately  arrested,  Chevins  did  not  deny  that  he  had  sold  the  ticket,  bul  declared  that  he  had  purchased  it  as  it  then  stood  from  Garritty,  for  2s.  Garritty  stated  that  he  gave  the  tiekei  to  Chevins  as  security  for  a  small  loan,  but  denied  tha  he  had  ever  altered  it.  Both  prisoners  were  remanded  until  this  day  (Monday).  (BEFORE  MR.  MANSFIELD.)  EFFECTS  or  PASSION.—  A  young  man,  named  Stephex  Wright,  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  McKeckin,  cork-cutter,  o  Cooper's  row,  was  charged  with  cutting  a  fellow  appren  tire,  named  John  Maynard,  on  the  hand.  Whil  working  together  the  prosecutor  asked  the  prisoner  km  a  little  oil,  and  on  his  refusing  the  request,  Maynard  dipped  his  finger  into  his  ail  cup.  Upon  this  the  prisoner  drew  his  cork-cutting  knife,  and,  drawing  it  across  the  back  of  Maynard's  hand,  cut  him  to  the  bone  He  pleaded  that  he  had  not  intended  to  wound  him,  bu  the  foreman  of  the  establishment  stated  that  he  was  of  most  ungovernable  temper,  and  that  whenever  offender  he  resorted  to  the  use  of  the  knife.  He  was  fined  201  and  costs,  or  in  default  to  be  imprisoned  for  two  months.  We  are  informed  that  the  East  India  Coal  Company  obtained  its  certificate  of  complete  registration  under  the  Limited  Liability  Act  of  1855,  on  the  27th  ult.  The  steam  engines  and  machinery  for  working  the  mines  on  a  large  scale  are  now  in  course  of  shipment  to  Calcutta,  The  receipts  of  the  London  and  Blackwall  railway  fos  the  half  year  are  35,1921,  against  38,3291  for  the  correspon corresponding  ding corresponding  period  ending  Christmas,  1854.  It  is  stated  that  this  decrease  is  in  a  great  measure  due  to  the  transference  to  Portsmouth  of  much  of  the  business  connected  with  the  government  transport  service.  The  traffic  arising  from  the  New  Victoria  docks  is  regarded  with  hopeful  anticipations  by  the  shareholders.  THE  EMBEZZLEMENTS  BY  A  SUPERINTENDENT  or  POLICE.—The  late  Superintendent  of  Police  at  South  Shields,  named  Buglass,  was  tried  at  the  Durham  Sessions  on  Monday  last  on  a  charge  of  having  fraudulently  em embezzled  bezzled embezzled  divers  sums  of  money,  the  monies  of  the  mayor,  •  aldermen,  and  burgesses  of  South  Shields.  The  jury,  in  returning  their  verdict  of  guilty,  recommended  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  to  mercy,  on  the  ground  that  be  had  previously  borne  a  good  character,  and  that  he  had  fallen  into  difli 'diflicuties.'  The  Chairman  sentenced  the  prisoner  to  one  year's  hard  labour."
