text
"HIGH  COURT  OF  JUSTICIARY.  EDINBURGII.—This  court  met  on  Tuesday.—Present  on  the  bench  the  Lord  Justice  Clerk  and  Lords  Cockburn  and  Handyside.  MURDER.—William  Cumming  was  put  to  the  bar  charged  with  the  murder  of  his  wife,  by  striking  her  with  his  fists,  and  with  a  stick,  or  poker,  or  tongs,  or  pieces  of  broken  furniture,  on  the  head  and  other  parts  of  her  person,  at  different  times  betwixt  the  22nd  and  26th  October  last,  in  their  house,  Scott's  Close,  Water-lane,  Leith,  which  injuries,  being  of  a  fatal  character,  resulted  in  her  death  on  the  Bth  November  following.  The  prisoner  is  a  little  elderly  man,  and  was  a  sailor.  The  following  was  the  principal  evidence  adduced  :  Janet  Selkirk,  or  Hunter,  lives  in  Waterlane-close,  Leith.  The  prisoner  and  his  wife  lived  there.  His  house  contained  only  one  room  and  one  bed,  and  entered  from  the  top  of  the  stair.  I  saw  the  prisoner  on  Saturday  the  22d.  He  seemed  to  be  sober.  He  came  into  Danskin's  house.  His  wife  came  to  the  door  about  nine  o'clock  in  the  evening,  perfectly.  sober  and  collected.  She  had  no  marks  on  her  face.  They  went  away  in  perfectly  good  terms.  There  were  no  marks  on  her  face  then.  I  went  to  bed,  and  was  awakened  by  cries  of  . STYLE=superscript  murder'  coming  from  Mrs.  Cumming.  It  , STYLE=superscript  was  a  severe  scream:  I  think  this  was  about  12.  The  prisoner  came  in  after  12  next  day.  I  went  up  and  saw  Mrs.  Cumming  in  bed  all  marked.  One  of  her  ears  was  swelled  and  blood  oozing  from  it.  She  told  me  her  breast  was  hurt  with  his  knees.  She  was  all  bruised  from  ,the  toe  to  the  crown.  Remained  till  9  a  t  n  i  g  h  t  an  d  poulticed  her  three  times.  She  was  very  weak.  I  asked  him  to  look  at  her  ear,  and  said  he  had  d  one  f  or  h  er  .  Re Repeatedly  peatedly Repeatedly  said  he  had  bruised:  her  very  sore.  He  never  denied  it.  Washed  two  caps  and  a  pillow  slip,  all  of  which  were  very  bloody.  Saw  the  prisoner  on  the  Monday  very  bad,  with  drink,  .  On  Tuesday  she  got  out  of  bed  very  weak.  He,  was  quarrelling  with  her  and  knocking  everything  about  the  house.  Left  between  three  and  four,  and  did  not  come,  back,  and  went  to  bed,  and  between  twelve  and  one  heard  cries  of  iinieder  and  loud  screams.  Her  husband  would  not  go  out.  All  was  quiet.  N  ex  t  d  a  y  wen  t  -  to  Mrs.  Cumming,  and  found  her  lying  with  her  head  over  the  back  of  the  bed  and  feet  over  the  front.  Took  off  her  clothes,  when  she  did  not  speak.  Saw  the  prisoner  about  two,  when  he  gave  three  hurrahs  and  went  away.  She  only  spoke  on  the  Thurs Thursday.  day. Thursday.  She  was  quite  unconscious  all  the  time.  Mr.  Cum Cumming  ming Cumming  was  a  quiet  person.  Mary  Danskin—Lives  in  same  stair  with  prisoner.  Pri Prisoner  soner Prisoner  had  just  come  home  from  the  sea  on  the  20th  October.  She  saw  the  priboucx'a  wife  in  bed  en  the  21th.  Sho  said  her  husband  had  struck  her  on  the  breast.  She  was  quite  sober.  She  saw  the  prisoner  going  about  drunk.  Heard  cries  of  murder  from  Mrs.  Cumming's  house  on  Wednesday  morning,  about  three  o'clock.  This  did  not  last  above  a  quarter  of  an  hour.  Went  to  Mrs.  Cumming's,  and  found,  her  in  bed  and  not  able  to  speak.  Marion  Danskin—daughter  of  previous  witness—Saw  Mrs.  Cumming  on  the  night  of  the  22d  October.  She  was  looking  out  for  something,  and  sent  witness  for  a  little  milk.  She  went  up  to  her  bed,  and  asked  if  her  head  was  much  bruised.  It  was  all  blood.  She  said  William  had  struck  her  sore.l  Cumming  came  in  and  went  to  bed,  and  after  having  e  good  sleep  he  rose  up.  He  was  asleep  when  he  saddenlrawoke'  and  knocked  his  wife  out  of  the  bed.  He  began  cursing  and  swearing.  She  said  Don't  hash  me  the  way  you  are  doing,  or  you  will  be  hanged,  and  I  wouldn't  wish  you  to  be  hanged  for,  She  had  got  up  from  the  floor,  and  he  struck  her  with  i  the  pillow.  He  brogged  with  his  knees  and  trampled  on  her;  breast.  He  took  a  stick,  and  struck  her  on  the  shoulders  .and  side.  She  did  not  cry  at  that  time.  'Witness  was  so  frightened  at  this  that  she  ran  out.  She  heard  a  noise,  while  she  was  standing  out,  as  of  sticks  striking  against;  tables,  and  as  if  he  had  been  beating  her.  He  seemed  to  have  been  breaking  the  table,  and  then  beating  her.  Heard  no  more  that  night.  Saw  Mrs.  Cumming  next  day  about  nine  o'clock.  The  prisoner  opened  the  door,  and  Mrs.  Cumming  was  lying  across  the  bed  ;  her  head  was  over  the  deal,  and  her  feet  over  the  front.  She  was  not  able  to  speak.  She  had  on  a  petticoat,  shift,  and  wrapper.  She  had  more  clothes  on  than  at  night.  She  was  not  moanin  g  .  Cumming  asked  her  to  ask  his  wife  if  she  had  any  money.  On  asking  her,  she  shook  her  head,  but  did  not  speak.  He  then  rose,  and  took  ten  shillings  out  of  her  pocket,  which  was  tied  on  her.  He  gave  her  half  a  crown  to  get  a  pint  of  a  l  e.  He  asked  his  wife  if  she  would  take  a  glass  of  spirits  Sh  e  shook  her  head  as  if  to  say  no,  when  he  said  f  she  take  it  he  would  knock  h  er  b  ra  i  ns  ou  t.  He  giavehersaArgiaLt  of  whisky  which  she  pretended  to  take,  but  threw  it  away.  He  asked  her  if  she  had  taken  it,  and  she  answered  yes.  He  then  left,  taking  his  clothes,  and  saying  he  was  going  to  his  wife  and  children  in  India.  Mrs.  Hunter  came  in,  and  she  pat  her  right  into  the  bed  and  undressed  her.  There  was  blood  on  her  cap.  Cross-examined--Mrs.  Cumming  asked  - STYLE=superscript  her  to  come  in  on  the  Saturday  night  to  take  a  cup  of  tea,  as  she  was  afraid  he  would  strike  her  as  he  was  in  such  ,a  rage.  They  appeared  to  be  on  good  terms  th  a  t  n  i  g  ht  .  Mrs.  Wilson  knew  the  Cummings.  Recollects  of  going  to  the  house  on  Sunday  23d  October.  Mary  M‘Pherson  was  with  her.  This  was  about  five  or  six.  Saw  Cum Cumming  ming Cumming  and  an  artillerym  a  n.  M  rs  .  C  umm  i  ng  was  lying  in  her  bed  On  going  to  bed  side,  she  said  she  was  ill  owing  to  his  strokes.  He  was  squarring  with  a  stick,  and  fencing  with  the  artilleryman.  He  had  been  drinking.  He  was  quite  able  to  stand,  and  knew  that  he'was  about.  Witness  asked  her  how  he  struck  her,  and  she  said  it  was  with  her  first  hus husband's  band's husband's  stick.  He  was  in  at  the  time,  but  was  not  attending  to  what  was  said  by  his  wife.  There  was  a  poultice  on  her  ears  and  a  bandage  on  one  of  her  eyes,  which  were  both  black.  She  had  seven  marks  of,  violence  on  her  body.  Mary  McPherson  said  to  prisoner,  have  done  for  her  and  he  answered,  fear,  she  will  see  two  or  three  of  us  out  Mrs.  Cumming  wished  to  be  lifted  up  in  bed,  but  could  not  remain  in  that  ,  position,  as  she  said  three  of  her  ribs  were  broken.  Witness  said  to  her,  if  she  was  used  so  she  should  leave  him;  but  she  said,  can  Ido  ?  She  said  he  would  finish  her  right  out  th  a  t  night.  There  was  no  smell  of  drink  about  her.  On  asking  what  the  cause  was,  she  said  he  came  home  drunk  in  the  morning,  and  not  being  able  to  get  the  match-box  quick  enough,  he  pulled  her  out  of  bed,  and  got  upon  her  breast  with  his  knees,  and  this,  she  th  oug  ht,  h  a  d  b  ro  k  e  h  er  r  ib  s.  '  She  said  he  had,  broken  the  furnit  ure  ,  an  d  struc  k  h  er  w  i  th  the  bits.  On  looking  into  the  closet,  saw  it  full  of  broken  furniture  ;  also  the  same  underneath  the  bed.  He  had  gone  out  with  the  artilleryman  at  this  time.  She  and  Mary  M'Pherson  left  about  seven  o'clock.  Mrs.  Cumming  said,  on  bidding  good-bye,  to  be  sure  arid  come  down  next  day,  as  they  would  get  her  dead  next  day.  She  kissed  her  several  times  on  leaving,  as  if  parting  with  her  for  the,  last  time.  The  prisoner  came  in  before  they  left,  and  seemed  to  be  in  good  spirits.  She  left  word  with  Mrs.  Hunter  to  inform  the  police  if  anything  took  place.  Witness  went  down  next  evening,  and  found  her  out  of  bed  and  preparing  to  go  out.  She  had  a  very  wild  appearance—raised  looking.  She  looked  bewildered  like,  and  did  not  appear  to  mind  having  asked  witness  to  come  down  to  her  the  next  day.  Prisoner  was  worse  in  drink  than  on,the  Sunday.  He  seemed  happy  like.  Went  to  see  her  on  the  6th  December.  She  was  then  speechless  and  in  bed.  Saw  fresh  wounds  on  her  face,  One  on  forehead  and  One  on  back,  and  several  on  various  ;parts  of  her  person.  She  did  not  seem  to  know  witness.  Saw  the  body  after  death.  Dr.  Brown,  house  surg  eon  i  n  Leith'  Hospital,  was  called  to  attend  Mrs.  Cumming  on  Thursday,  27th  October.  Found  her  in  bed  lyi  ng  i  nsens  ibl  e,  very  feeble.  She  had  a  great  many  marks  on  face,  ears,  back,  body,  and  legs.  She  appeared  to  have  been  a  healthy  woman.  She  died  on  Bth  November,  up  to  which  time  h  e  a  tt  en  d  e  d  her.  Her  head  had  been  shaved,  which  discovered  two  injuries  on  the  head.  Considered  her  seriously  ill  from  the  first,  arising  from  an  injury  on  the  brain.  Read  report  of  post  viortem  examina examinaion  ion examinaion  made  by  him  and  D  r  .  Paterson,  which  attribut  e  d  th  e  ath  to  laceration  of  th  e  brain,  caused  by  .  external  violence.  L  e.  as  satisfied  there  must  have  been  many  injuries  and  blows.  .Mr.  Graham,  for  the  prisoner,  made  a  very  forcible  appeal  ?II  ben=  or  t  -LL  , STYLE=superscript  r-  - STYLE=superscript  ;---...  admittinc  , STYLE=superscript  his  general  guilt  in  Striking  and  maltreating  his  wife,  blit  conrenalu  s  0...  i,  41:—.  particular  injury,  which  was  the  sole  cause  of  her  death,  was  not  proved  to  have  been  inqictd  by  him.  The  Lord  Justice-Clerk  summed  up  the  whole  evidence  in  the  case.  The  Jury,  after  a  short  absence,  returned  a  verdict  unani unanimously  mously unanimously  finding  the  prisoner  guilty  of  murder  as  libelled.  The  Lord  Justice-Clerk  then,  after  a  solemn  admonition,  to  prepare  by  attention  to  his  religious  duties  for  his  awful  change,  pronounced  the  sentence  of  the  court,  which  or ordained  dained ordained  him  to  be  executed  at  Edinburgh  on  the  9th  of  January  next.  His  lordship  then  stated  to  the  jury  that  the  court  entirely  concurred  in  the  verdict.  The  prisoncr  having  'intimated  that  he  wished  to  address  dile  court,  and  being  allowed  to  do  so,  said—l  am,  my  Lord,  a  man  who  has  been  forty  years  at  sea,  and  I  can  say  I  have  served  my  country  truly  and  faithfully,  and  though  the  sen sentence  tence sentence  of  death  has  been  passed  upon  me  for  my  wife's  death,  I  can  say  sincerely,  that  I  did  it  with  no  intention  of  .com .committing  mitting .committing  death,  and  I  trust  the  Lord  will  have  mercy  on  my  soul.  The  Lord  Justice-Clerk  in  reply,  feelingly  recommended  the  unhappy  man  not  to  trust  to  any  hopes  of  earthly  mercy,  nor  to  harden  his  heart  against  the  conviction  of  guilt  by  any  such  notion  as  he  had  mentioned,  but  to  pre prepare  pare prepare  with  all  earnestness,  by  devoting  his  remaining  days  to  religion,  for  the  death  the  law  had  ordained  him  t  o  suffer.  •  •  The  patent  asphalte  factory  of  Ritchie  and  Son,  4t  DcVast,  has  been  burned  down.  -On  Monday  night  the  premises  in  Donegall-street,  Belfast,  jointly  occupied  by  a  sewed  muslin  manufacturer  and  draper,  were  on  fire,  and  the  upper  part  is  nearly  consumed.  Al Although  though Although  the  wind  was  strong,  the  flames  were  confined  to  the  premises  in  which  they  oiiginated.  GRAIN  IN  EGYPT.-A  mercantile  house  in  town  (says  the  Northern  Whig),  has  handed  us  the  following  extract  from  a  letter  just  received  from  their  correspondent  at  Alexa'ndria,  dated  Bth  December  The  British  Consul  has  just  re received  ceived received  a  letter  from  the  Egyption.government,  to  the  effect  that  so  soon  as  the  seed  sowing  shall  be  terminated,-  and  it  is  nearly  over  -  the  stock  of  grain  existing  will  be  ascertained,  with  the  intention,  if  it  shall  be  found  to  exceed  the  quantity  required  for  food,  to  permit  the  free  export  again.  It  is  ge generally  nerally generally  understood  that  this  will  be  done  very  shortly,  and  that  government  itself  will  commence  its  public  sales.  The  Emperor  Napoleon  111.,  has  given  25,000  f  .from  his  private  pulse  to  establish  four  new  markets  in  Paris,  for  the  retail  sale  of  meat  by  auction."
