text
"IMPORTANT  TO  EMIGRANTS.  AMBEIIT'S  PATENT  VI'MLITED  DUPLEX  TENTS:  The  whole  arrangement  of  the  Tent  is  deserving  of  much  praise  for  its  .  general  excellence  even  in  the  most  minute  details';  it  is  just  such  a  piece  of  furniture  as.  we  should  recommend  to  the  intending  Mechanics'  Journal,  Ist  May,  1853.  •  •  Apply  to  the  Patentee,  R.  LAMBERT,`''  '  13,  Goree-piaZiai  Georges  .  .  ~nd  X  11:  1  'LAMBERT'S'  PATENT  GOLD  SIFTERi  'This  is  a  very  complete,  and  easy-wlitlEed  Practical  Mechanics'  Journal,  Ist  lfay,  1853.  'l  , STYLE=superscript  ll  - STYLE=superscript  141.  Apply  to,the.Patentee,  R.  LAMBERT,  13,,GpreeLpiazias,  George'S  Dock:Pig  .  M7f  -LAMBERT',S  GENERAL,  AUSTRALIAN  -, STYLE=superscript  OUTFITTING  STORES,  13,  GORES-PIAZZAS,  GEORGE'S  DOUR,  '^  - STYLE=superscript  !1  LIVERPOOL.  ENGLISH  AND  FRENCH  lIATS,  CAPS,  UMBRELLAS,  FELT  _BONNETS,  RUSTIC  FEI.T  HATS,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.'.  THE  LARGEST,  BEST,  AND  -CHEAPEST  STOCK  IN  LIVERf'OOI.,  itCOOKE'S  HAT  MANUFACTORY,  .  10,  PARADISE-STREET,  (opposite-the  Bee  Hire).  EXPORTERS,  AND  THE  TRADE  SUPPLIED  ON  - STYLE=superscript  THE  HST  POSSIBLE  TERMS.  Prime  Working  Men's  hats...  Real  French  ditto.  .....from  ....from  713.  6d.  Hats  made  to  order,  at  one  day's  notice,  any  sliapeiorf!  quality,  on  grass,  cork,  cambric,  gossamer,  or  any  other  body  now  in  use,  combining  every  system  of  ventilation  nt  present'  known.  MANUFACTORY,  10,  PARADISE-STR.EET,  (OPPOSITE  THE  BEE  HITE).  •  •  BRANCH  SHOP,  112,  ST.  JAMES'S-STREET,  (coRNER  OF  JORDAN-STREET),  giubiitationit..  ATTILLMER'S  RAILWAY  &amp;  STFAM  BOAT`  GUIDE,  Price  2d.  It  is  Published  on  the  Fir*,  of  each  Month,  at  the  Office,  19,  SOUTH  JOHN-STREET,  LITER  :  POOL.  It  contains  the  hours  of  all  Trains,  Steam  Boats,  atiß  other  conveyances  leaving  or  arriving  in  Liverpool.  Sold  by  all  Booksellers.  A  CCOUNT  BOOKS  of/every  description  made  to  Order,  in  the  best  style,  on  the  shorteSt  notice,  and.  at  reasonable  prices,  at  CHARLES  WILLMER'S  WHOLESALE  STATIONERY  ESTABLISH4ENT,  19,  SOUTH  . STYLE=superscript  JOHN  STHELy,  LIVERPOOL.  ~,1  ruHE  NEW  YORK  ILLUSTRATED  NEWS  j_  is  supplied  in  England  only  by  CHARLES  WILLMIa.  SOUTH  J  OHN-STREET,  LIVERPOOL.  Annual  Subscrip Subscription  tion Subscription  (including  postage,)  15s.  in  advance.  .  Specimens  un  MERICAN  BOOKS,  AND  PUBLICATIQ/  A STYLE=superscript  IMPORTED,  in  large  or  small  quantitie4.  by  CHARLES  WILLMER.  Orders  addressed  to  19,  SOUTH  iTellg  -  STREET,  LIVERPOOL,  will  have  attention,  if  only  t  n  a  Single  Book.  THE  TIMES  and  all  the  other  DA4  - STYLE=superscript  es:and  WEEKLY  LONDON  NEWSPAPERS  supplied  by  CAARLES  WILLMER,  from  his  UNIVERSAL  NEWSPAPER  Orricts:l9,  SOUTH  JOHN-STREET,  LIVERPOOL, STYLE=superscript  COMMERCIAL  BITILDIN6S,  BELFAST,  or  19,  ANN-STREET,  NEW  YORK.  THE  GOVERNING  CLASSES.  A  SERIES  OF  PORTRAITS  TO  BE  CONTINUED  WEEKLY  IN  THE  LEADER,  a  complete  first-class  Weekly  Newspaper  ;  Political  and  Literary  Review.  (Estab (Establish  lish (Establish  d  1850).  Published  every  Saturday  in  time  fer4the  early  morning  mails,  price  Sixpence,  and  Sold  by  News Newsagents  agents Newsagents  in  all  parts  of  England,  or  may  be  had  direct  from  the  Publisher.  '  Terms'of  SubScription-13s.  for  a  Half-year,  to  be  remitted  in  advance,  by  Money  Order,  payable  to  MeinAl MeinAlfred  fred MeinAlfred  E.  Galloway,  at  the  Office,  7,  Wellington  street,  Strand,  London.  NOTICE  TO  ADVERTISERS.  In  consequence  of  the  Repeal  of  the  Advertisemelt  Duty,  the  following  Reduced  Scale  is  now  charged  for  Adtdrtising  in  the  LEADER  Newspaper  Five  lines  and  under  .  A  2  Each  additional  line  .  •  .  0 STYLE=superscript  0 STYLE=superscript  6 STYLE=superscript  Ralf  a  Column  .  .  .  •  1  10  0  Whole  Column  .  .  .  .  .  2  10  0  •  ta'  Advertisements  reaching  this  Office  on  Friday  ZTig'At  will  appear  in  all  editions.  P1_TB00219 CANDLES.  A  M`BRYDE,  TALLOW-MELTER  and  /A_  •  CANDLE-MANUFACTURER.  116,  RICHMOND-ROW,  LIVERPOOL.  PRICE  and  CO'S  Patent  CANDLES,  Wholesale  at  the  London  Prices  '  •  a  New  Carriage  Light,  equal  to  Wax,  at  Tenpence  per  lb.  Ask  for  No.  3  Carriage  Lights.  THEATRE  ROYAL.  MISS  CUSHMAN  will  appear  at  this  Theatre  on  THURSDAY  next,  15th  instant,  in  the  character  of  BIANCA,  in  Millman's  Tragedy  of  being  engaged  for  that  night  only.  Last  Seven  Nights  of  MISS  FITZPATRICK,  whose  successful  debut  in  London,  and  subsequent  tour  in  the  United  States,  have  distinguished  her  as  one  of  the  principal  artistes  in  Comedy  —Tuts  EVENING  (SATURDAY),  the  10th  instaut,  THE  WONDER.  Don  na  Violante,  Miss  Fitzpatrick.  To  conclude  with  THE  SPECTRE  BRIDEGROOM.—MR.  BARRY  SULLIVAN,  who  is  engaged  for  FIVE  NIGHTS  ONLY,  will  make  his  first  appearance  on  MONDAY,  the  19th  instant.—Admission  :  Dress  Boxes,  4s.  ;  Upper  Boxes,  3s.  ;  Pit,  2s.  ;  Gallery,  I  s.—  Doors  open  at  half-past  six.  Performances  commence  at  seven  o'clock  precisely.—The  Box  Office  is  open  from  Ten  till  Three  o'clock  daily,  for  securing  Seats  and  taking  Private  boxes,  under  the  direction  of  ,  Mr.  T.  Shuttleworth.  —Children  in  arms  will  not  be  admitted.  ROYAL  AMPHITIIEATRE.  Sole  Lessee,  Mr..  W.  R.  Copeland,  15,  Great  Charlotte-street  _  IMMENSE  SUCCESS  OF  PABLO  FANQUE'S  COMPANY!  GRAND  ROUTINE  or  EQUESTRIAN  NOVELTIES,  THIS  PRESENT  EVENING  (S  ATURDAY),  December  10th,—  Another  CHANGE  OF  P  I STYLE=superscript  RFORMANCE  will  take  place  on  MONDAY,  December  12th,  and  the  folloWing  evening.—  First  night  of  the  Ballet  entitled  MARCO  SCIARRO  ;  or,  THE  BRIGAND  QUEEN  OF  THE  ABRUZZI.  First  Appearance  of  the  TRAINED  PONY  and  MONKEY.  First  appearance  of  MADAME  ANTONIA.—Doors  open  at  a  quarter  to  seven  o'clock,  and  the  Performance  to  com commence  mence commence  at  half-past  seven.—Prices  of  Admission  :.  Dress  Circle,  35.;  Side  Boxes,  2s.  6d.;  Pit,  Is.  6d.  ;  Stalls,  ls.  6d.  ;  Gallery,'  6d.  Second  Price—Dress  Circle,  2s.  ;  Side  Boxes,  ls.  6d.  ;  Pit;  ls.  ;  no  second  price  to  Gallery  or  Stalls.  Second  Price,  to  Boxes  and  Pit,  at  nine  o'clock.  ROYAL  PARK  THEATRE.  Parliament  Street,  near  St,  James's  Market.  THIS  EVENING  (SATURDAY),  Dec.  10th,  will  be  performed,  Shakspeare's  Tragedy  of  ROMEO  AND  JULIET.  Romeo,  Mr.  George  Walton.  Juliet„  Miss  Marriot.  To  conclude  with  DEMON  STATUE  ;  or,  THE  SKELETON  HAND.  Woolfgang,  Mr.  DOnald.  Lestelle,  Miss  Marriot.—ln  Rehearsal,  the  New  Grand  Local  Christmas  Pantomime  of  ORMSHEAD  THE  GREAT  ;  or,  HARLEQUIN  AND  JENNY  JONES,  AND  THE  FLOWER  OF  SNOWDON.  Columbine,  Mademoiselle  Rose;  Harlequin,  Sig.  Guarrino  ;  Pantaloon,  Mr.  P.  Anderson;  Inimitable  Clown,  Mr.  J.  Appleby.  Doors  open  at  half-past  six,  commence  at  seven  o'clock.—Admission,  Private  Boxes,  25.;  Boxes,  is.;  Pit,  6d.;  Gallery,  3d.  HIGH,  WATER  .IN  TIIE.XERSEY.  Tuffs  DAN  —Morning,  7h.  23m  .  .  Afternoon,  7h.  65m.  SATURDAY,  DECEMBER  10,  1853,  SOME.  men,  like,  pictures,  are  better  adapted  for  a  corner  than  a  full  light.  Especially  is  this_  the  case  when  applied  to  corporate  bodies.  It  has  often  been  said,  and  with  great  truth,  that  indivi individuals  duals individuals  would  disdain  to  act  in  a  private  as  they  most  unblushingly  do  in  a  public  capacity.  But  wo..need  not  go  to  the  metropolis  to  become  certified  of  this  fact.  We  have  only  to  look  at  home,  and  quietly  peruse,  by  our  evening  fire,  the  reports  from  time  .to  time  inserted  in  this  journal.  From  the  days  of  the  eminent  Satirist,  VERNIAC,  down  to  this  week's  Punch,  civic  dignitaries  and  corporate  functionaries,  have  called  forth  biting  animadversion  and`bitter  sarcasm,  in.ltaly  as  well  as  in  England.  The  genus  is  the  same  all  the  world  •  nor  •do  we  believe  it  will  change  until  the  crack  of  'doom  !  VEINUC,  though  ruined  by  law-suits,  could  not  be  prevailed  'upon  to  relin relinquish  quish relinquish  hie  vocation,  kle  satirised  a  shoemaker--;  A  coxcomb  stuffed  with  pride  was  so  vain  as  to  purchase  a  magisterial  comthission:  =  .  What  !  in  the  judge's  awful  chair  shall  we  BARRES,  his  wax  and  leather  sporting  see  Whilst  Punch  has  just  been  paraphrasing,  or  in  other  words,.  adapting  a  very  new  song  to  a  very  old  tune  :  days  of  other  Mayors  have  faded,  And  Aldermen  are  past  ;  The  Cit  who  hopes  to  do  as  they  did,  Is  hoping  much  too  fast.  For  London  dooms  the  clique  to  ruin,  She'll  mind  her  own  affairs  ;  And  the  Mansion  House  see  no  renewing  The  days  of  other  Mayors  Now  if  the  head  be  doomed  to  decapitation,  what,  in  the  name  of  HERMES  !  is  to  become  of  the  inferior  part?  Does  this  await  a  more  signal  calamity?  Or,  like  the  good  Saint  DENIS,  who,.as  ancient  Chronicles  testify,  carried  his  head  under  his  arm,  will  it  be  permitted  to  exist  in  that  abnormal  condition  ?  Really,  we  do  not  envy  Mayors,  Aldermen,  Town-councillors,  and  id  genus  omne,  from  riding  a-cock-horse  to  Charing-cross— Charing-crosssWimming  sWimming Charing-crosssWimming  in  turtle  soup  —or,  like  /ESOP's  fly,  raising  a  dust,  as  they  think,  during  their  brief  tenure  of  office  !  No  paltry-  pageant  —no  gastro gastronomic  nomic gastronomic  •  indulgence--no  ridiculous  assumption  of  authority,  can  possibly  -compensate  for  the  irrepa irreparable  rable irreparable  loss  of  public  estimation  ;  or  of  the  gloomy  foreboding  created  by  the  portentous  hand-writing  on  the  wall  which  peremptorily  and  continually  admonishes  To-morrow  be  in  readiness  to  go  We  arc  truly  grateful  to  Punch  for  the  intelligence  of  the  establishment  of  a  Turtle  Soup  Kitchen  for  Destitute  Aldermen  and  —the  former  to  be  supplied  with  a  bowl  of  real,  the  latter  with  the  same  quantity  of  mock  turtle  !  We,  too,  shall  be,happy  to  lay  down  our  mite  as  soon  as  the  casseroles  are  got  into  boiling  But  this  by  the  way.  In  our  impression  of  yesterday  we  drew  attention  to  the  Town-Council  of  this  borough,  in  connection  with  Mr.  BRADLEY'S  case;  and  offered  some  com commentaries  mentaries commentaries  thereupon.  In  performing  what  we  considered  a  necessary  and  imperative  duty  we  have  been  actuated  by  no  particular  bias.  We  haVe  no  more  sympathy  for  Mr.  BRADLEY  than  for  the  RUSSIAN  AUTOCRAT.  If  the  gentleman  in  ques question  tion question  had  been  the  veriest  TOM  NoonLE  in  the  Cor Corporation  poration Corporation  we  should  have  done  just  the  same  thing,  and  said  the  very  same  say.  All  that  we  know  of  Mr.  BRADLEY  is  that  he  belongs  to  the  school  of  2ESCULAPIUS,  and,  we  suppose,  does  foolish  things,  just  like  other  people.  We  might  make  a  similar  assertion  with  reference  to  the  other  members  of  the  Council.  In  denouncing  the  intolerant  proceedings  of  the  Town-Hall  Confederacy  we  stood  up,  not  for  an  individual,  but  for  a  principle.  And  we  are  pre prepared  pared prepared  to  defend  that  principle.  The  Corporation  of  LiVerpool,  by  a  most  unwarrantable  authority,  has  wilfully  degraded  one  of  its  members—and  thereby  virtually  disenfranchised  numerous  Bur Burgesses.  gesses. Burgesses.  The  heinous  charge  of  bribery  was  preferred.  One  obstreperous  individual,  not  satisfied  with  the  finding  of  the  Special  Com Committee,  mittee, Committee,  positively  made  a  motion  to  the  effect  that  legal  steps  should  be  immediately  taken  against  Mr.  However,  upon  the  Town-Clerk  asserting  that  the  evidence  on  the  charge  of  bribery  was  by  no  means  complete,  the  NEMESIS  of  the  Corporation  readily  withdrew  his  motion,  and  subsided  into  his  boots  upon  that  tantalising  defeat.  Under  such  circumstances,  we  think  the  defamed  and  ill-treated  councillor  has  a  right  to  exercise  his  privileges,  and  attend  any  committee  he  thinks  proper.  The  interests  of  his  constituents  demand  that,  he  should  take  such  an  independent  course.  Who  has  the  power  to  hinder  him  ?  We  should  be  glad  to  know.  Were  such  a  precedent  as  that  afforded  by  the  Corporation  of  this  borough,  to  be  adopted,  who  can  conceive  the  immense  amount  of  evil  that  would  ensue  ?  The  majority  would  have  the  power  of  silencing  and  degrading  the  minority  ;  a  clique cliqueship  ship cliqueship  and  clanship  could  easily  be  established;  and  the  corporations  of  any  city,  town,  or  borough,  might  become  the  instruments  of  party  faction  or  political  intrigue.  Then  what  is  to  become  of  the  interests  of  the  various  constituencies  thereby  dis disenfranchised,  enfranchised, disenfranchised,  when  they  no  longer  possess  repre representatives  sentatives representatives  capable  of  advocating  them  ?  Little  by  little  degeneracy  insidiously  creeps  into  corporate  bodies.  All  corporations,  even  those  of  modern  date,  are  more  or  less  corrupt;  but  antiquated  ones  are  falling  asunder  from  sheer  putridity  and  bloated  peculation.  Commissions  of  Inquiry  have  brought  hidden  things  of  darkness  to  light,  and  exposed  nefarious  practices  that  we  once  would  have  considered  scarcely  possible  out  of  ,  a  highly highlypainted  painted highlypainted  romance.  But  fact  sometimes  is  stranger  than  fiction  !  The  good  old  times  are  gone,  when  city  chamberlains  and  others  could  rob  the  public  with  impunity,  and  grow  fat  and  fatuous  on  rich  turtle  and  richer  pelf  ;  and  whose  epitaphs,  to  be  truthful,  could  boast  of  no  worthier  inscription  than  that  said  to  be  recorded  upon  the  tomb-stone  of  Having  eaten  a  great  deal,  and  having  drank  a  great  deal,  and  having  injured  mankind  a  great  deal,  here  lie  I,  TIMOCEATES,  of  Rhodes  Or  possibly  the  Hudibrastic  distich,  slightly  altered,  might  be  more  expressive  :  They  knew  what's  what  :  and  that's  as  high  As  aldermanic  art  can  fly  However,  if  corporations  be  corporations  let  burgesses  be  men.  Whilst  the  present  municipal  law  exists,  it  will  be  their  own  fault  if  they  do  not  send  good  men  and  into  the  Council-cham Council-chamber—men  ber—men Council-chamber—men  who  will  not  debase  themselves,  or  bring  odium  on  their  confederates  by  paltroonery  of  conduct;  but  with  a  high  and  disinterested  pur purpose  pose purpose  study  the  interests  of  their  constituents— constituentsliving  living constituentsliving  wisely  and  acting  well.  , STYLE=superscript  With  reference  to.  Mr.  BRADLEY,  the  Council  have  done  either  too  little  or  too  much.  If  guilty  of  the  malpractices  alleged  against  him,  the  neces necessary  sary necessary  and  obvious  steps  should  have  been  taken  to  procure  his  expulsion  from  their  body.  If  not  guilty,  he  was  clearly  entitled  to.  enjoy  all  the  rights,  privileges,  and  immunities  of  a  member  of  that  Council.  SINCE  the  Legislature  have  admitted  the  moral  and  social  obligation  of  the  state  to  provide  for  the  education  of  the  great  masses  of  the  people,  much  valuable  time  has  been  lost,  and  a  fearful  amount  Of  crime  has  been  the  result.  In  every  paiiish  throughout  the  United  Kingdom  we  have  a  little  education  clique,  who  do  not  hesitate  to  declare  that  they  would  rather  see  our  streets  filled  with  lost  women,  and  our  gaols  with  the  worst  criminals,  than  they  would  be  a  party  to  anything  but  that  system  of  teaching,  or  this  line  of  education.  Non Nonconformists  conformists Nonconformists  of  every  order,  Protestants,  and  Ro Roman  man Roman  Catholics,  are  all  pitted  against  what  the  people  want—namely,  simple  scholastic  struction.  While,  this  enlightened  discussion  —and  it  must  not  be  forgotten  that  the  education  wrangle  has  its  pecuniary  advantages—is  going  on,  the  uneducated  are  falling  with  fearful  rapidity  into  the  paths  of  crime.  To  establish  the  right  of  the  people  to  education,  rwas  a  work  of  no  small  magnitude.  The  men  who  first  urged  the  subject  on  the  consi consideration  deration consideration  of  Parliament,  were  denounced  as  radicals  in  politics,  revolutionists  in  heart,  and  propagan propagandists  dists propagandists  in  practice.  Those  who  had  reasons  on  which  they  opposed  the  education  of  the  masses,  adopted  with  the  utmost  avidity  tie  anti antieducational  educational antieducational  cry  of  'the  side  of  Parliiment.  Luckily,  however,  has  become  . STYLE=superscript  a  sort  of  moveable  feast  which  belongs  to  the  passover  order.  The  great  ball  of  creation  rolls  or.,  and  presently  we  find  Mr.  Baron  ALDERSON  sitting  as  Judge  upon  our  bench,  contending  for  eduction  as  the  panacea  which  is  to  save  us  from  the  knife  of  the  assassin,  and  the  profligacy  of  our  streets.  The  Latin  tongue  knew  not  our  wants,  anti  that  language  can  give  us  no  axiom  to  adorn  our  views,  or  guide  our  actions.  We  must  take  our  counsel  from  our  administrators  of  justice.  Men  learned  in  the  law,  and  profound  in  the  history  of  human  vice.  And  what  is  that  counsel?  Educate  the  people  if  you  would  save  them  from  the  The  Judge  upon  the  bench•holding  in  his  hand  the  lives  and  liberties  of  the  criminal  portion  of  our  fellow-townsmen,  sees  the  inherent  cause  of  depravity  arraigned  before  him,  and  he  draws  the  finest  thread  of  human  ingenuity  be between  tween between  the  severity  of  the  statute,  and  the  mercy  of  all  justice.  MQn  are  stabbed  in  our  streets  without  any  shadow  of  justification.  The  act  with  all  it  horrors  is  described  and  admitted,  but  it  is  held,  and  justly  so,  to  be  the  prevailing  effect  of  a  recognised  cause—the  want  of  education,  or  in  other  words  civijisation.  Impressed-  with  this  opinion  which  the  Judge  says  is  derived  from  long  official  experi experience,  ence, experience,  how  could  he  inflict  the  the  extreme  penalty  of  the  law  on  a  victim  of  a  parent's  and  the  legis  , STYLE=superscript  lature's  neglect?  The  knife  -is  the  weapon  of  an  inhuman  brute.  To  test  his  hunianity-  a  question  is  put  to  him  in  his  mother  tongue.  He  cannot  answer  it  within  the  widest  limits  of  toleration.  He  is  arraigned  on  a  written  indictment  for  his  life,  in  strict  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  the  statute  he  cannot  read.  Bah  !  we  say  to  such  legislation.  We  are  legislating  for  a  people  who  cannot  read  our  language.  There's  a  want  of  fruit  about  this  tree.  It's  not  the  thing  for  our  soil.  We  must  go  back  to  the  symbolic  ages,  and  endeavour  by  means  or  art  to  make  the  horrors  of  death  by  the  knife  so  appalling  that  even  the  worst  savage  would  shrink  from  its  infliction.  Now  what  is  the  practical  re results  sults results  of  all  this.  The  criminal  standing  at  the  bar  of  justice  was  guilty  beyond  all  question.  The  Judge  knowing  his  utter  ignorance  of  the  law,  under  which  he  had  lived,  dealt  with  him  as  he.  would  with  a  New  Zealand  cannibal,  and  instead  of  taking  the  life  of  the  offender  he  .  merely  removes  him  from  society.  By  this  course  the  twofold  ends  of  justice  are  attained.  But  where  in  mercy  does  the  safety  of  the  public  lie  ?  The  Judge,  who  is  no  radical,  no  revolu revolutionist,  tionist, revolutionist,  but  a  propagandist,  says,  the  public  safety  lies  in  a  more  general  spread  of  sound  education  amongst  the  The  words  once  recognised  only  as  the  language  of  Utopia,  were  scarcely  ut uttered  tered uttered  by  the  sabled  sage,  than  in  rushed  the  grand  jury  en  masse  declaring  that  the  alarming  increase  in  crimes  of  violence,  accompanied  by  the  bar 'bar'  barons  use  of  the  knife,  the  lamentable  prevalence  of  strikes  among  the  working-classes,  arising  from  the  ill-understood  relations  of  work-people  and  their  employers,  and  leading  inevitably  to  breaches  of  the  peace,  and  other  calamitous  re 're'  sults,  have  forcibly  impressed  upon  the  minds  of  the  Grand  Jurythe  great  importance  of  extending  the  means  of  imparting  education  to  all  classes  of  the  community,  for  it  is  their  unanimous  opinion  that  no  solid  foundation  for  any  abiding  and  salu 'salu'  tary  change  in  the  habits  and  pursuits  of  the  poorer  classes  in  this  country  can  be  hoped  for,  unless  such  change  is  based  upon  the  education  and  training  of  the  young  ;  that  the  charge  of  edu 'edu'  cation  for  this  class  ought  not  to  be  allowed  to  rest  to  so  large  an  extent  as  it  now  does,  upon  the  benevolent  exertions  of  the  wise  and  good  ;  that  there  is  a  duty,  and  a  peculiar  responsibility  as  regards  education,  which  should  rightfully  de devolve  volve devolve  upon  the  state,  and  that  this  responsibility  one  which  the  legislature  ought  no  longer  to  His  Lordship  then  addressed  the  Grand  Jury  as  follows  Gentlemen,  I  think  you  have  conferred  a  very  great  service,  indeed,  upon  so.  ciety  by  the  course  you  have  pursued  in  submit 'submit'  ting  this  document.  I  will  take  care  that  it  is  before  the  home  secretary.  You  are  now  dis 'dis'  charged  from  your  duties,  and  the  country  is  much  indebted  to  you.for  your  services.  To  this  we  need  scarcely  append  a  single  obser observation,  vation, observation,  and  yet  we  are  inwardly  proMpted  to  say  to  the  Scribes  and  Pharisees  of  our  time,  mark,  learn,  and  inwardly  Mr.  John  B.  Lloyd,  the  projector  of  The  City  of  Lon London  don London  Brewing  and  Malting  is  now  going  through  the  Insolvent  Court.  ADVANCE  IN  THE  PRICE  OP  COAL.—The  coal  proprietors  of  Barnsley  and  its  neighbourhood,  have  again  advanced  the  price  of  coal  ls.  per  ton,  and  they  state  that  they  are  sting  them  at  prices  considerably  below  those  of  Staffordshire  and  other  colliery  districts.—Leeds  Times.  THE  are  rejoiced  to  learn  from  a  letter,  by  a  passenger  on  board  the  in  her  voyage  from  this  port  to  Lisbon,  that  she  has  fully  realised  the  expectations  which  were  formed  of  her.  In  the  letter,  it  is  stated  that  they  had  the  winds  almost  dead  against  them,  accompanied  with  very,bad  weather,  and  that,  never nevertheless,  theless, nevertheless,  with  the  aid  o  f  s  t  eam  a  l  one  ,  she  has  accomplished  from  10  to  111  knots  per  hour.  SUlClDE.—Yesterday,  an  inquest  was  held  upon  the  body  of  John  Thompson,  a  baker,  living  in  No.  4  co  ur  t,  Ren Renshaw-street.  shaw-street. Renshaw-street.  It  appeared  that  the  deceased  was  45  years  of  age,  and  being  out  of  work  some  few  months  since;his  wife  left  him,  and  went  to  live  in  Leeds  with  her  ,  relations.  Latterly,  the  deceased  had  taken  to  drinking-,  mid  afte  rwar  d  s  was  very  ill,  so  much  so  that  he  sent  for  his  wife  to  come  and  see  him,  which  she  did  on  Wednesday  last,  and  at  night  she  left  him,  to  go  to  her  lodging,  and  in  the  course  of  the  night  he  got  up,  went  to  a  looking  glass,  hanging  against  the  wall,  and  with  a  razor  cut  his  throat,  he  being  the  next  morning  found  quite  dead.  The  deceased  had  appeared  in  a  low  way,  and,  had  been  heard  to  say  that  he  had  taken  to  drinking  in  the  hopes  that  it  would  kill  him.  The  jury,  in  the  absence  of  any  direct  evidence,  found  a  verdict  that  the  deceased  died  from  cutting  his  throat,  but  there  was  no  evidence  to  show  in  what  state  of  mind  he  was  in  at  the  time.  THE  Loss  OF  THE  MARSHALL.—There  is  no  longer  any  doubt  as  to  the  loss  of  this  unfortunate  vessel,  but  happily  the  loss  of  ,life  on  board  has  been  exaggerated.  The  masts  of  the  unlucky  ship  are  uow  visible  at  low  water,  about  three  miles  to  seaward  at  the  entrance  of  the  Humber,  and  a  few  miles  only  from  the  spot  where  th  e  co  lli  s  i  on  is  known  to  have  taken  place.  The  had  evidently— evidentlycomparing  comparing evidentlycomparing  the  place  of  the  wreck  and  that  of  the  collision— collisionbeen  been collisionbeen  making  for  the  nearest  land,  in  which  effort  she  had  not  been  successful.  But  considerable  exaggeration  has  existed  as  to  the  number  of  souls  which  went  down  with  the  ill-fated  vessel.  We  have  reason  to  believe  that  the  passengers  on  board  did  not  exceed  forty,  including  the  emigrants.  The  crew  was  about  twenty.  A  large  number  of  bodies  have  been  cast  ashore  near  the  Humber.  [The  Eastern  Counties  Herald  states,  perceive  that  there  is  no  over-water  trace  of  the  But  wo  have  our  information  from  a  sure  and  direct  source.—Ed.  N.  D.  T.]  THE  ',Asir  IN  PUBLIC  SCHOOLS.—At  the  Cheltenham  county  court,  on  the  6th  instant,  George  John  Micenright,  aged  13  years,  sued  the  drill-sergeant  of  the  Cheltenham  grammar  school,  and  Dr.  Humphreys,  the  head  master,  for  two  assults,  one  in  O  c  t  o  b  er  an  d  th  e  o  th  er  i  n  Novemberlast.  The  assaults  complain,d  of  were  floggings  administered  by  the  drill-sergeant,  under  the  directions  of  the  head  master.  The  first  consisted  of  twelve  stripes,  inflicted  with  a  riding ridingwhip,  whip, ridingwhip,  for  quarrelling  with  some  of  the  boys  belonging  to  Cheltenham  college,  with  whom  the  grammar  boys  seem  t  o  have  been  at  feud.  The  second  punishment  was  for  thrOive  ing  a  cracker  in  the  fire  during  school  time,  for  which  he  was  ordered  six  stripes.  The  boy,  however,  refused  to  take  off  his  coat,  flung  himself  on  the  ground,  and  gave  the  ser sergeant  geant sergeant  (as  he  statd)  four  or  five  violent  kicks.  The  doctor  then  said,  for  his  obstinacy  give  him  eighteen,  The  result  was,  that  the  boy's  back  was  ;  as  described  by  on onwitness,  witness, onwitness,  from  the  neck  to  the  waist,  and  had  the  appearance  of  newly-cut  meat  with  a  thin  skin  over  it.  It  was  in  a  dreadful  state.  The  skin,  however,  was  not  broken;;  there  was  no  The  boy  was  confined  to  his  bed  the  next  -  day,  and  vat  bloods  There  was  a  Ttrdiot  for  44,  MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL  LIVERPOOL,  FRIDAY  ErlisgNG.,  The  movements  in  our  corn  market  continue  to  be  received  with  great  interest  throughout  the  Northern  Counties,  and  indeed  by  all  parts  of  the  United  Kingdom  and  America.  We  are,  in  fact,  the  great  accumulators  and  distributors  of  foreign  bread  stuffs,  and  on  our  reports  of  the  state  of  trade,  the  operations  of  the  foreign  and  home  corn  market  mainly  depend;  and  what  is  our  astonishment  to.find  a  price  current  before  us  from  a  highly  res respectable  pectable respectable  firm,  in  which  we  find  the  following  state statement  ment statement  During  the  week  there  has  been  a  steady  demand  for  wheat  and  flour,  and  the  depression  noted  in  our  last  (dated  Dec.  2)  has  been  fully  Now  we  do  not  dispute  the  steadiness  of  the  demand  for  wheat  and  flour.  We  believe  the  trade  are  very  steady  in  their  dealings.  They  are  not  at  all  .  speculative.  With  respect  to  the  transactions  in  this,  and  nearly  all  the  corn  markets  of  England,  however,  every  one  knows  .  that  prices  have  receded  from  1s:  to  2s.  per  quarter  on  wheat,  and  from  ls.  to  3s.  per  barrel  on  flour,  and  that  the  downward  noticed  on  the  2d  inst.,  has  continued  up  to  this  day  ;  and  the  true  report  of  this  day's  business  says  Both  imports  and  exports  of  Foreign  grain  and  flour  are  light  this  week.  Of  oats  and  oatmeal  from  Ireland,  fair  quantities  have  been  received.  The  aspect  of  the  trade  since  Tuesday  has  further  brightened,  and  at'  this  morn morning's  ing's morning's  market  the  demand  for  wheat  and  flour  began  early,  and  large  purchases  of  both  articles  were  effected  for  interior  millers,  and  to  hold  over  on  the  spot.  At  the  close  of  business  the  advance  since  Tuesday  last  was  called  2d.  per  .bushel  on  wheat,  and  9d.  to  ls.  per  barrel  on  flour,  making  the  ad advance  vance advance  on  the  forced  sales  of  this  day  se'nnight  fully  4(1.  per  bushel  on  wheat,  and  is.  6d.  per  barrel  on  flour.  Indian  corn  was  almost  without  demand,  and  prices  stood  nominally  as  quoted  on  Tuesday.  Oats  and  oatmeal  rather  easier  to  buy.  Barley,  beans,  and  peas  By  this  it  will  be  seen  that  the  advance  of  to-day  has  been  2d.  per  bushel  on  Wheat,  against  ls.  to  2s.  decline  last  week;  and  that  the  advance  on  Flour  has  been  f'rom  Od  to  is  per  barrel,  against  a  declitie  of  ls.  to  3s.  in  the  pre  ceding  week.  Having  pointed  out  these  facts  we  leave  the  trade  to  judge  for  themselves,  and  seeing  the  marked  change  which  has  taken  place  in  the  American  money  market  in  favour  of  speculators,  we  urge  upon  the  trade  the  greater  necessity  for  extreme  caution.  The  period  is  just  approaching  for  forced  sales  by  farmers,  when  the  question  of  supply  will  be  decided.  The  Liverpool  Cotton  Market  has  been  uni uniforrnly  forrnly uniforrnly  steady  throughout  the  week,  the  sales  averaging  6,000  bales  per  diem.  The  receipts  are  short,  being  285,000  bales  less  than  those  for  the  same  period  last  year;  still,  owing  to  the  strin stringency  gency stringency  of  the  money  market,  and  the  of  Threadneedle  -street,  the  supply  is  quite  equal  to  the  consumption.  Americans,  under  the  prevail prevailing  ing prevailing  estimates,  are  worth  from  5d  to  61  per  lb.  Brazils  are  unchanged.  Surats  are  in  good  de demand.  mand. demand.  Egyptians  are  heavy.  The  sales  for  the  week  amount  to  3,120  bales  American,  40  Pernam,  230  Egyptian,  260  Madras,  and  2,820  Surat,  '  were  taken  on  speculation  and  for  export,  and  32,610  bales  by  the  trade.  The  actual  export  is  630  .  American,  60  Brazil,  &amp;c.,  and  2;490  East  India—in  :dl  3,180  bales.  2,000  Sea.lslands  were  offered  by  auction  on  the  7th  instant,  and  only  about  500  bags  were  sold  at  a  decline  of  fully  2d.  per  lb.,  but  at  irregular  prices.  The  sales  to-day  were  6,000  bales,  of  which  1,000  were  taken  on  speculation  and  for  export:  In  our  provision  market  a  considerable  decline  in  prices  is  noticeable.  The  trade  are  acting  with  great  caution  and  the  public  are  deriving  consider considerable  able considerable  benefit  from  their  prudence.  In  our  produce  markets  the  transactions  are  of  the  most  legitimate  character,  and  in  the  absence  of  any  speculative  demand  continues  steady  and  firm.  In  London,  however,  large  public  sales  of  fruit  have  taken  place,  but  without  promoting  pur  chases;  such  is  usually  their  effect  at  this  season.  A.  few  parcels  of  old  currants,  of  various  qualities  offered  at  these  sales  on  outport  account,  to  be  cleared  in  fourteen  days,  have  found  purchasers,  and  occasionally  at  full  prices.  Though  they  have  tended  to  weaken  the  market,  they  have  brought  the  article  more  into  consumption.  Fine  old  1851  fruit  has  found  buyers  at  105  s,  in  cases,  but  the  holders  of  such  fruit  are  very  firm,  and  are  not  sellers  generally.  The  1853  Cephalonia  fruit  shows  generally  an  improvement  upon  last  year's  ;  it  is  selling  at  this  port  at.  90s.  per  cwt.  There  has  been  as  yet  an  unsual  want  of  demand,  but  currants  can  now  he  purchased  at  all  prices  according  to  quality.  The  stock  has  lately  been  considerably  augmented  by  arrivals,  but  it  cannot  be  correctly  ascertained  before  the  close  of  the  year,  when  it  will  perhaps  be  found  to  be  between  9,000  and  10,000  tons,  against  8,200  tons  on  31st  December,  1852,  and  8,700  tons  on  31st  December,  1851.  Since  the  23rd,  twelve  cargoes  of  currants  chiefly.  the  fruit  of  1853;  have  arrived,  and  also  some  further  parse's  of  1851  fruit  from  Trieste  Six  cargoes  are  known  to  be  afloat,  after  which  it  is  thought  there  will  be  a  long  pause.  The  clear clearances  ances clearances  for  home  consumption  still  present  a  meagre  appearance,  having  been  200  tons  in  all  November  against  1190  tons  in  November,  1852.  Those  in  bond  have  been  180  tons,  of  which  48  tons  to  our  colonies,  110  to  the  Continent,  and  22  coastwise.  The  clearances  at  this  port  are  on  the  increase,  composed  principally  of  1852  fruit.  The  Board  of  Trade  returns  for  the  first  ten  months  of  this  year  ending  sth  of  November,  show  the  importa importations  tions importations  into  the  United  Kingdom  to  have  been  1,400  tons  less  than  in  1852,  during  the  corres corresponding  ponding corresponding  ten  months,  and  the  deliveries  for  home  consumption  also  have  been  7,540  tons  less,  8,030  tons  in  1853  against  15,570  tons  in  1852.  The  total  consumption  of  raisins  during  the  same  period  exhibits  likewise  a  decrease  of  50  tons  ;  8,410  tons  in  1853  against  8,460  tons  in  1852.  Several  cargoes  of  Valentia  raisins  have  latterly  been  sold  at  475.  to  48s.  Though  the  arrivals  of  Blacks,  and  the  offering  of  large  quantities  at  auction  haVe  caused  a  nominal  reduction  in  of  3s.  to  4s.  per  cwt.,  the  only  sale  which  has  met  the  public  eye  has  been  that  of  30  barrels  of  good  fruit,  forced  off  at  auction  on  the  Ist  inst.  at  30s  to  325.  at  . STYLE=superscript  which  there  are  no  other  sellers,  good  to  fine  fruit;  being  held  at  355.  to  40s.  Shipments  have  com commenced  menced commenced  to  Australia.  Muscatels  are  also  somewhat  lower.  Old  Chesmes  continue  neglected.  Denias,  in  baskets,  are  likely  to  be  scarce  when  wanted  hi  January  ;  present  prices  nominally  335.  to  355.  The  stock  of  figs  is  much  reduced  by  large  clear clearances  ances clearances  in  face  of  very  short  arrivals.  Fine  figs  obtain  high  rates  ;  low  are  almost  unsaleable.  Present  quotation  is  50s.  to  80s.,  according  to  quality.  Greek  figs  held  at  40s.  7  The  Liverpool  'hare  Market  ought  under  the  present  circumstances  of  the  country  begin  to  assume  a  respectable  appearance,  and  ex exhibit  hibit exhibit  a  little  more  legitimate  activity.  Railway  and  other  shares  are  surely  worth  as  much  in  Liverpool  as  they  are  in  Manchester  or  London,  and  still  the  amount  of  business  done  here  in  the  way.of  investment  is  absolutely  insignificant  when  compared  with  other  places.  The  market  for  the  week  has  been  better  generally  speaking,  and  this  is  all  that  can  be  said.  Owing  to  the  extreme  pressure  on  our  space  we  are  compelled  to  refer  to  the  official  quotations  of  .the  prices  in  the  London  Stock  Market,  which  will  be  found  in  another  part  of  our  paper.  The  fol following  lowing following  are  the  latest  rates  of  FOreign  Exchange  :  Amsterdam  11.15  1 STYLE=superscript  to  - STYLE=superscript  7  1  ;  short  11-141  ;  Paris  25.25  to  5;  three  months-25.25  to  27+;  Hamburgh  13.5+  to  +  ;  Frankfort  1181  to  19  ;  Leghorn  30.20  'to  25;  Genoa  25.2+  to  74.  Rates  about  the  same.  BANK  OF  ENGLAND  RETURNS  An  Aceount,  pursuant  to  the  Act  7th  and  Bth  Victoria,  cap.  32,  for  the  Week  ending  on  Saturday,  December  1,  1853.  ISSUE  DEPARTMENT.  Credit.  Government  Debt  .  Other  securities  Gold  Coin  and  Bullion  .  .  .  .  I  1,015,100  2,984,900  14,406,590  Total  ....  £28,406,690  lEPARTMINT.  Credit.  Government  se securities  curities securities  .£13,622,039  Other  securities  16,586,818  Notes  7,200,790  Gold  and  silver  coin  Total  ....  £38,095,624  ;how  tho  following  resultw  when  compared  with  the  returns  far  the  preceding  week.  Notes  issued,.  increase  12,5651.  Bullion,  both  descriptions,  increase  12,5651.  Rest,  decrease,  8;511/.  Public  Deposits  increase  125,7451.  Other  Deposits  increase  467,7301,  Seven-day  and  other  Bills,  decrease  40,1251.  Active  circulation  de decrease,  crease, decrease,  140,881/.  On  the  credit  side  the  Govern Government  ment Government  Securities  have  increased  133,0021.  Other  Securities,  increase  270,956/.  Unemployed  Notes  increase,  150,965/.  THE  WIGAN  STRIKE.  [PROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.]  WIGAN,  FRIDAY.  —This  morning  the  associated  cotton  spinners  and  manufacturers  of  Wigan  and  Hindley  held  an  adjourned  meeting  at  the  Victoria  Hotel,  Wallgatc,  Wigan,  Mr.  WM.  JOHNSON  in  the  chair.  The  proceedings,  which  lasted  about  an  hour,  were  conducted  privately,  but  we  believe  the  substance  of  what  was  done  was  as  follows  :  Statements  were  made  respecting  the  number  of  applications  made  at  the  different  mills,  by  the  operatives  desirous  of  returning  to  work  at  the  prices  offered  them.  It  appeared  that  in  - STYLE=superscript  a  few  cases,  almost  the  full  complement  of  hands  were  willing  to  resume  work,  but  in  others  only  a  very  small  proportion  of  the  hands  had  applied.  It  was  decided  not  to  open  th  6  mills  on  Monday  morning,  as  had  been  resolved  upon,  because  the  number  of  hands  was  not  sufficient.  But  it  was  agreed  that  the  time  for  receiving  applications  should  be  extended  to  Monday  week,  and  that  if  any  individual  member  of  the  association  then  considered  that  he  had  enough  of  hands,  he  should  be  at  liberty  to  start  his  mill  irrespective  of  the  others.  On  'l:hnrsday  the  Wigan  police  force  was  increased  by  twelve  additional  officers,  including  an  inspector  and  a  ser sergeant,  geant, sergeant,  making  23  in  number  altogether.  THE  PRESTON  STRIKE.  [FRO➢f  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.]  MEETING  OF  SPINNERS.  PRESTON,  FRIDAY.—A  very  large  and  enthusiastic  meet meeting  ing meeting  was  held  on  Thnrsday  evening  in  the  Temperance  Hall.  The  building  was  crowded  to  excess.  Mr.  ROBERT  RICHARDSON  was  called  to  the  chair,  and  opened  the  proceedings  of  the  evening  by  remarking  that  in  ,this  county  capital  had  usurped  every  privilege,  and  screwed  down  the  workers  to  the  lowest  pitch  of  endurance.  The  spinners  of  Preston  were  perfectly  justified  in  their  move movement  ment movement  to  obtain  an  advance.  The  speaker  then  read  the  fol following  lowing following  selection  from  a  bill  which  appeared  on  the  walls  during  the  week:—  For  the  ten  months  ending.  the  sth  of  November,  1852,  the  declared  value  of  all  kinds  of  goods  exported  was  £59,247,104.  For  the  ten  months  ending  the  6th  of  Novem November,  ber, November,  1853,  the  declared  value  of  the  quantity  exported  amounted  to  the  enormous  sum  of  £73,155,755.  This  sum  represents  an  extraordinary  degree  of  activity  in  trade,  of  which  your  branch  has  certainly  derived  its  proportionate  share  of  benefit.  Now,  let  D  3  look  at  the  aggregate  value  of  all  kinds  of  goods  exported  in  the  month  ending  the  sth  of  November,  1852,  and  the  corresponding  month  of  the  present  year.  For  the  month  ending  the  sth  of  November,  1852,  the  value  of  the  goods  exported  was  £4,855,666  ;  for  the  month  ending  the  sth  of  November,  183,  the  value  is  returned  as  £6,168,626.  For  the  month  ending  the  sth  of  November,  1852,  the  value  of  cotton  manufactures  exported  was  £1,460,483  ;  for  the  month  ending  sth  November,  1853,  the  value  of  the  same  kind  of  goods  was  £1,560,791,  being  an  increase  over  the  corresponding  mouth  of  last  year,  of  goods  to  the  value  of  Mr.  JOHN  WHITTLE  moved  the  first  resolution  That  we,  the  operative  spinners  and  minders  of  Preston,  do  pledge  ourselves  again  to  stand  firm  for  the  ten  per  cent,  and  our  'union.&#34;  Mr.  JOHN  RICHARDSON  seconded  the  resolution.  The  manufacturers  of  Preston  sent  goods  to  a  foreign  market,  and  the  Blackburn  manufacturers  sent  theirs  also  to  the  same  market.  The  manufacturers  of  Blackburn  paid  an  advance  of  wages  ;  they  paid  higher  wages  than  the  Preston  masters,  and  yet  these  two  classes  of  factors  had  to  meet  in  the  mar market  ket market  of  competition.  It  would  be  foolish  to  suppose,  if  the  masters  of  Preston  succeeded  in  beating  their  operatives,  'that  the  Blackburn  masters  could  continue  paying  the  ad advance.xtihre.  vance.xtihre. advance.xtihre.  battleoEs  HOWARTH  T  iL  lier  o  efo  op  re  rcA  i  s  t  ut  b  oTn  e  il  e  .  ame  the  battle  of  Blackburn,  as  well  a  s  next  addressed  the  assembly.  He  was  pleased  to  find  that  their  hearts  did  not  faint,  or  their  courage  grow  less.  At  one  firm  in  the  town  policemen  were  placed  at  the  gates  and  ordered  only  to  let  four  into  the  watch-house  at  a  time.  The  morning  came;  the  books  were  opened,  and  only  two  went,  and  one  of  those  ,two  was  a  sweeper.  (Laughter.)  It  was  reported  in  the  town  that  some  of  the  masters  were  got  to  the  last  twenty  pounds  at  the  bank.  Poor  souls  !  He  could  do  more  than  that  for  them  himself.  He  bad  signed  teetotal,  and  kept  it,  and  (mild  do  battle  with  them  for  six  months  to  come,  although  he  had  a  large  family.  (Cheers.)  Mr.  G  w  A  o  L  ul  L  d  All  .  E  o  lt  n  th  b  e  e  n  mad  a  e  lon  w  gpe  ith  s  t  e  h  e  e  h,  in  which  he  said,  it  masters.  The  condition  of  the  agitation  Was  such  that  the  operatives  would  struggle  to  the  last,  feeling  assured  their  cause  was  that  of  truth  and  justice.  Mr.  JOHN  WHITTLE  proposed  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  hands  of  Messrs.  Horrocks  and  Miller  for  their  determina determination,  tion, determination,  which  was  seconded  with  three  cheers.  Mr.  GALLAHER  proposed  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  various  trades  of  Preston  and  other  places,  for  the  noble  manner  in  which  they  have  assisted  .the.  operatives,  -seconded  by  Mr.  Gums  HOWA.RTII,  and  approved.  A  vote  of  thanks  was  proposed  to  the  reporters  for  their  attendance,  which  was  passed."
