text
"THE  SUNDAY  SCHOOL  INSTITUTE  The  annual  meeting  of  the  Liverpool  Sunday  School  Institute  was  held  last  night,  in  the  school-room,  of  the  Pembroke  Place  Chapel.  There  was  a  very  numerous  at attendance,  tendance, attendance,  the  room  being  completely  filled.  At  half-past  ick  the  chair  was  taken  by  the  Rev,  Dr.  P,AFFLES,  Tea  was  served  round,  after  which  a  hynin  was  sung.  Letters  of  apology  were  read  from  the  Rev.  Messrs.  Bevan,  Cran Cranbrook,  brook, Cranbrook,  Beryl.  ILIS.  Browne,  and  other  gentlemen.  Mr.  HILL,  librarian,  then  proceeded  to  read  the  seventh  annual  report  of  the  Institute.  The  report  stated,  amongst  other  matter,  that  the  library  remained  much  in  th  e  same  state,  and  the  committee  repeated  that  they  were  not  able  to  increase  it  much  beyond  what  it  was  seven  years  ago.  Con Considerable  siderable Considerable  attention  had,  been  given  to  the  subject  of  raising  a  sum  o  f  £5OO  for  the  purpose  of  improving  the  library,  and  about  £9O  had  been  already  subscribed,  and  the  committee  hoped  by  following  out  the  means  they  had  employed,  that  the  sum  required  would  be  finally  procured.  The  atten attendance  dance attendance  for  study  the  reference  library  was  most  encourag encouraging.  ing. encouraging.  The  demand  for  books  in  the  circulating  library,  exceeded  the  ability  of  the  committee  to  meet,  and  had  beets  the  cause,  of  no  small  embarrassment  to  thein  for  some  time  past.  The  attendence  in  the  reading  room  was  fre frequently  quently frequently  so  large  as  to  be  inconvenient  for  the  si'ze  of  the  room  and  at  all  times  there  was  at  least  a  steady  attendance.  In  the  selection  of  works  the  committee  knew  no  distinction  of  sect  or  party,  and  only  ex excluded  cluded excluded  frivolous  and  useless  publications.  The  course  of  lec lectures  tures lectures  which  had  been  delivered  in  January,  February,  and  March  last,  formed  most  eloquent  contributions  to  the  eluci elucidation  dation elucidation  of  the  influence  which  had  gone  to  form  the  character  of  the  English,  as  a  religious  and  a  Protestant  •  people,  and  the  committee  expressed  their  thanks  to  the  !Rev.  Messrs.  Graham,  Cranbrook,  Kelly,  Beryl,  Bevan,  and  Raffles,  not  only  for  their  having  lectured  without  reward,  but  for  the  la labour  bour labour  and  care  which  they  had  bestowed  upon  their  task.  (Applause).  During  the  six  months  from  the  Ist  of  April  . STYLE=superscript  to  the  30th  of  September,  they  had  received  £63  65.,  nearly  half  as  much  more  as  for  the  same  six  months  in  the  pre previous  vious previous  year,  while  they  had  an  increase  of  81  subscribers  over  the  previous  year,  52  of  whom  were  n  ew  mem  b  ers  .  I  n  February  last,  the  committee  issued  an  appeal,  and  used  every  means  to  augment  the  amount  of  their  subscriptions.  They  expressed  regret  that  a  larger  number  of  the  Sunday  School  teachers  had  not  responded  to  the  call,  which  was  much  more  warmly  responded.to  by  other  parties.  The  re report  port report  also  announced  that  steps  were  being  taken  to  restore  the  Sunday  School  union,  and  that  a  meeting  was  held  for  that  purpose,  at  which  33  delegates  attended.  The  reading  of  the  report  was  received  with  loud  and  general  applause.  Mr.  Hale  stated  that  in  consequence  of  circumstances  which  prevented  the  Secretary  from  being  present,  he  was  unable  to  lay  before  the  meeting  an  exact  statement  of  their  financial  position,  but  he  could  inform  them  generally  that  they  were  not  in  a  worse  situation  than  at  any  previous  period.  •  Mr.  HALL  again  rose,  ,  and  begged  to  state  that  upon  the  accession  of  Dr.  Raffles,  Mr.  William  Browne,  M.P.  for  South  Lancashire,  had  very  kindly  remitted  to  him  the  sum  of  £2O  for  the  use  of  the  institute.  (Loud  applause.)  They  had  also  received  a  subscription  '  sent  in  volunt  ar  y,  from  Mr.  Robertson  Gladston  e  ,  o  f  £5.  (Applause.)  Mr.  M‘Fee  had  contributed  £2O.  (Renewed  applause.)  Seve Several  ral Several  other  gentlemen  had  contributed  £5  and  £lO  towards  the  funds,  and  whenever  the  objects  of  the  Institute  were  men mentioned  tioned mentioned  they  were  met  very  charitably  and  generously  by  all  parties.  (Hear,  hear.&gt;  The  CHAIRMAN  then  said,  I  am  sure  it  must  be  gratifying  to  the  friends  of  this  Institution  to  hear  the  estimation  in  which  the  society  is  held  by  gentlemen  occupying  such  position  in  life  as  these  gentlemen.  Mr.  W.  Brown  highly  values  all  institutions  of  this  kind,  and  is  always  concerned  to  promote  their  welfare  ;  and  I  may  say  that  the  £5  pre presented  sented presented  by  Mr.  Gladstone  were  sent  in  with  a  letter  higgly  gratifying  to  myself,  because  it  expressed  large  and  liberal  sentiments,  with  regard  to  this  and  all  similar  institutions,  and  regretted  that  the  number  of  claims  upon  him,  especially  at  this  time,  did  not  allow  him  to  remit  a  larger  sum.  (Applause.)  These  things  are  pleasant,  as  they  show  that  you  are  in  good  repute,  and  amongst  those  not  immediately  within  your  own  circle.  I  was  very  much  gratified,  indeed,  to  hear  from  the  report  that  the  Sunday  School  Union  has  arisen  from  the  dead.  (Hear).  I  must  confess  that  I  for  one  was  a  deep  mourner  at  its  funeral,  although  I  do  not  think  it  was  very  decently  buried  (hear,  here,  laughter,  -and  applause)  —no  sort  of  funeral  obseques  that  I  was  invited  to  attend,  neither  did  I  read  of  them  in  the  public  prints—(laughter).  But  I  do  rejoice  extremely  to  find  that  this  instituti,n  has  risen  from  the  dead,  and  that  in  a  few  weeks  it  is  to  walk  abroad,  and  we  shall  see  its  face  again,  and  I  hope  shall  welcome  it  in  some  way  or  other,  for  I  confess  I  have  that  feeling  about  me  that  I  rejoice  at  seeing  a  large  num number  ber number  of  young  people  together,  and  a  large  number  of  those  who  wish  them  well.  (Heat,  hear.)  We  used  to  have  delightful  days  in  the  times  past,  when  we  had  our  large  breakfasts  in  the  morning  —hen  all  the  various  teachers  and  their  friends  met  together,  and  when  we  used  to  have  frequently  400  or  500  at  breakfast—then  in  the  afternoon,  Great  George's  Street  chapel  as  full  as  it  could  hold  of  children—  and  then  in  the  evening  each  one  had  a  tea-party  in  his  own  neighbourhood,  his  own  immediate  school,  and  so  finished  the  day  with  great  satisfaction  and  delight.  I  should  like  to  see  something  of  that  sort  again,  and  I  hope  the  commencement  of  the  resurrection  of  the  Sunday  School  Union  is  at  hand,  and  that  it  will  be  actively  sustained,  for  unless  it  is  to  be  a  busy  and  active  agent  in  doing  good,  I  think  it  is  better  that  it  should  be  buried  outright.  (Hear,  hear,  laughter,  and  cheers.)  I  now  have  the  pleasure  to  announce  that  our  excellent  friend  Mr.  Picton,  who  is  en engaged  gaged engaged  in  every  good  work,  has  come  to  testify  his  regard  for  this  institution  by  moving  the  first  resolution.  Applause.)  •  Mr.  Picrox  then  addressed  the  meeting,  and  said  he  re rejoiced  joiced rejoiced  to  see  so  goodly  a  company  assembled  there.  It  angered  well  for  their  past  success,  and  for  the  future  prosperity  of  the  Liverpool  Sunday  School  Institute  :  and  he  rejoiced  to  find,  by  several  passages  in  the  report  that,  making  every  due  allowance  for  circumstances,  the  cause  was  prospering,  and  the  institution  was  in  a  somewhat  pro progressive  gressive progressive  state.  (Here,  here.)  He  thought  that  when  either  an  individual  or  a  society  passed  the  helpless  years  of  infancy,  and  rose  up  to  be  a  tolerably  stout  child  of  seven  years  old,  the  prospect  of  its  future  life  was  very  satisfactory,  for  they  found,  in  societies  as  well  as  individuals,  that  there  were  certain  diseases,  certain  dangers,  certain  rickittiness,  and  a  certain  amount  of  ignorance  of  constitution,  which  naturally  prevailed  at  the  early  stages  of  existance,  and  which  very  frequently  resulted,  by  wrong  treatment,  and  consequent  disease,  in  death  from  inanition  or  want  of  nutriment.—  (Hear,  hear.)  Such,  however,  was  not  the  ca  se  with  th  a  t  society  :  au  they  now  knew  where  their  difficulties  lay,—  what  their  strong  points  were;  and  what  their  weak  ones,  —from  what  source  they  could  obtain  aid,  and  in  what  manner  the  force  which  they  commanded  could  be  best  ap applied---where  plied---where applied---where  theiipractical  work  lay,  what  object  they  should  principally  turn  their  attention,  and  in  what  direction  they  were  likely  to  be  able  to  do  the  greatest  amount  of  good.  (Loud  applause).  Now,  that  they  began  to  know  themselves  that  they  knew  their  own  strength,  understood  their  weak weakness,  ness, weakness,  and  knew  where  their  powers  could  be  most  effectually  used,  and  when  they  were  as  well  officered  as  at  present  by  their  excellent  friends,  Mr.  Hall  and.  Mr.  Little,  they  had  every  cause  for  congratulation  and  for  hope  of  success  in  the  time  to  come.  (Hear,  hear).  Mr.  Picton  then  spoke  at  considerable  length,  and  with  great  eloquence  of  the  in influence  fluence influence  exercised  by  Sunday  School  institutions,  and  benfits  which  they  had  conferred  upon,  as  well  as  received  from,  the  Bible  and  Missionary  Society.  In  whatevef  form  these  institutions  presented  themselves,  at  the  lowest  depths  or  in  the  middle  classes,  they  gave  equilebrium  and  tone  to  society  at  large,  and  even  climbed  to  the  upper  order  of  the  world  to  teach  them  all,  gladden  them  with  their  beneficial  in influence,  fluence, influence,  and  leave  always  good  behind  them.  (Applause).  .Mr.  Picton  suggested,  in  conclusion,  that  the  funds  raised  for  the  library  should  be  devoted  chiefly  to  the  circulating'  library,  as  a  public  i!  -titution  was  about  to  be  established  which  would  answc  - STYLE=superscript  :  :;1!  the  purposes  of  the  library  of  re reference.  ference. reference.  Mr.  Pictea  resumed  hit  seat  amid  loud  applause,  having  moved  the  resolution,  which  was,  that  the  report  just  read  be  received,  printed  ane  circulated.  Mr.  WOODWARD  seconded  the  resolution  and  stated  that  the  library  consisted  chiefly  of  critical  works  illustrative  of  the  Holy  Scriptures,  and  that  every  night  a  number  of  his  fellow  teachers  might  be  met  there  diligently  studYing.  There  was  not,  he  was  sure,  a  more  interesting  occurrence  in  the  town  of  Liverpool,  than  to  see  these  young  men  assembled  there,  evidently  studious  to  prepare  their  minds  to  meet  their  classes.  He  stated  that  there  were  established  in  connection  with  the  institution,  a  French  class,  and  an  eclectic  class,  where  young  men  discussed  hi  s  to  r  i  c  al  an  d  other  subjects,  and  improved  themselves  i  n  speaking..  In  reference  to  Vr.  Picton's  suggestion  - STYLE=superscript  regarding  the  library,  Mr.  Woodward  expressed  his  opinion  that  a  very,  great  advantage  was  found  in  having  the  library  of  reference,  when  parties  who  had  no  such  place  in  their  own  homes,  might  come  and  study.  The  resolution  was  then  put,  and  carried  unanimously.  Mr.  HAMILTON  moved  that  the  committee  receive  power  to  appoint  a  paid  Secretary,  who  should  act  as  librarian,  should  record  the  minutes,  and  be  responsible  for  the  due  execution  of  their  orders.  They  had  at  present  a  most  efficient  honorary  Secretary  and  Librarian,  but  the  reason  for  proposing  that  resolution  was,  that  there  were  a  great  many  of  the  routine  duties  connected  with  the  institution  which  had  hitherto  devolved  upon  the  honorary  Secretary.  Now  the  committee  conceived  that  it  would  be  very  desira desirable  ble desirable  to  throw  some  of  these  duties,  without  any  additional  expense,  upon  the  librarian,  who  had  ample  time  to  perform  them.  In  order  to  do  that  a  resolution  should  be  passed,  calling  the  librarian  a  paid  secretary,  as  distinguished  from  the  honorary  secretary,  and  it  was  requisite  that  the  resolu resolution  tion resolution  should  be  passed  by  a  meeting  of  the  whole  society.  Mr.  ALLISON  seconded  the  motion,  which  was  carried.  Mr.  MOUNSELL  proposed  a  resolution,  giving  the  com committee  mittee committee  power  to  elect  vice-presidents,  in  addition  to  - STYLE=superscript  the  president,  as  the  committee  thought  it  would  be  an  ad advantage  vantage advantage  to  have  a  number  of  the  mfluential  gentlemen  of  their  congregation  appointed  vice-presidents.  Mr.  HALL  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  unanimously  agreed  to.  -  The  Rev.  Mr.  GRAHAM  proposed  the  following  resolution  :  That  the  Sunday-school  teachers  are  called  upon  by  the  circumstances  of  the  times,  to  avail  themselves  of  every  means  of  improvement  which  the  Liverpool  Sunday-school  Institute  affords,  and,  by  every  means,  to  prepare  them themselves  selves themselves  for  the  discharge  of  their  important  The  Rev.  gentleman  proposed  the  resolution  in  a  very  few  words,  congratulating  the  society  upon  having  attained  their  present  period  of  maturity."
