text
"SERVANTS  WANTING STYLE=superscript  SITUATIONS  PERSONS  WANTING  SERVANTS,  should  Advertise  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  CRAIIGE  TIMES,  SIXPE  N  C  E.  Published  every  morning,  at  19,  South  John-street,  Liverpool,  and  9.  Princess-street,  Manchester.  NOTICE  The  Proprietors  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  have  now  completed  their  arrangements  for  securing  the  delivery  of  the  paper  at  the  following  places  every  morning,  at,  or  before  eight  o'clock  BIRKENHEAD  WOODSIDE  TRANMERE  ROCK  FERRY  WATERLOO  SEAFORTH  1  BOOTLE  WALTON  EVERTON  FAIRFIELD  AIGBURTH.  TO  CORRESPONDENTS  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer  ;  not  necessarily  for  publication,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  WILLMER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  THURSDAY,  OCTOBER  27,  1853  WE  are  perfectly  tired  of  announcing  telegraphic  despatches  with  reference  to  the  Eastern  ques question  tion question  and  the  public,  we  are  pretty  sure,  are  just  as  tired  of  o  reading  them.  However  we  cannot  withhold  any  information  that  comes  to  hand,  es-  pecially  at  tthis  particular  stage  of  the  Russo-  Turkish  embroilment  Despatches  have  just  been  received  from  Con Constantinople  stantinople Constantinople  up  to  the  17th  instant,  from  which  we  learn  that  the  reply  of  Prince  GORTSCHAKOFF  to  OMER  PACHA'S  communication  had  been  received  ;  that  the  Anglo:French  fleets  were  under  weigh  for  Gallipoli  ;  and  that  a  proclamation  forbidding  the  exportation  of  corn  had  been  made.  The  CZAR  has  not  issued  a  second  manifesto,  as  was  reported,  to  the  Two  Weistem  Powers.  Count  NESSELRODE,  however,  has  forwarded  a  diplomatic  note,  the  tenor  of  which  is  considered  of  a  decidedly  pacific  tone.  For  ourselves  we  are  not  disposed  to  rely  overmuch  on  anything  emanating  from  the  pen  of  such  a  double-distilled  specimen  of  Jesuitry,  necromantic  diplomacy,  and  contemptible  special-  pleading.  M.  de  la  Cour,  the  French  Ambassador  at  Con-  stantinople  is  about  to  be  recalled.  The  Foreign  Correspondent  to  one  of  our  Lon-  don  Contemporaries  asserts  that  positive  hostili-  ties  have  already  on  the  Danube  between  the  hostile  Powers  ;  orders  having  been  sent  to  OirEn  PACHA  to  that  effect.  We  must,  how.  ever,  be  wary  in  accrediting  such  statements  ;  and  patiently  await  information  from  more  reliable  sources  WE  resume  the  subject  treated  of  in  our  first  leading  article  yesterday.  It  is  a  topic  at  all  times  important,  but  doubly  so  at  this  particular  crisis,  when  the  Burgesses  of  Liverpool  are  about  to  return  representatives  to  sit  in  the  Council  Chamber,  and  conduct  the  Municipal  affairs  of  this  Borough.  A  very  onerous  position  truly,  and  one  which  involves  no  slight  accountability.  Independently  of  our  private  responsibilities,  we,  as  journalists,  owe  a  duty  to  the  public.  From  the  obligations  which  this  duty  imposes  we  have  no  disposition  whatever  to  shrink.  As  faithful  sentinels  we  shall  ever  be  found  vigilantly  at  our  posts  ;  and  should  we  perceive  the  enemy's  scouts  advancing,  no  time  shall  be  lost  in  raising  the  ne necessary  cessary necessary  alarm  ;  and,  if  needs  be,  engaging  in  the  combat.  Trust  in  GOD,  my  boys,  but  keep  your  powder  was  the  advice  OLIVER  CROMWELL  used  to  give  his  troops.  And  it  is  .one  which  we  mean  to  follow,  through  evil  and  through  good  We  should  regret  much  if  this  open  and  honest  avowal  on  our  part  were  calculated  to  bring  down  upon  our  heads  the  displeasure  of  Mr.  BRIGHT,  and  his  party  of  Peace  advocates.  But  it  must  be  borne  in  mind,  that  we  simply  mean  to  act  on  the  defensive—not  on  the  aggres aggressive  sive aggressive  ;  and  human  as  SAM  SLICK  would  say,  :is  so  constituted,  that  while  it  might  refrain  from  the  one,  it  is  sometimes  forced  to  adopt  the  other.  In  glancing  over  the  list  of  Candidates  for  Muni Municipal  cipal Municipal  honours,  we  find  that  most  of  them  have  already  been,  and.  are  now  de  facto  in  office.  A  very  natural  question  then  arises.  What  have  those  gentlemen  already  done  to  warrant  their  putting  themselves  for forward  ward forward  as  Candidates  for  the  public  favour  ?  What  single  act  of  theirshas  met  with  such  general  appro approval,  val, approval,  as  to  induce  the  Burgesses  of  Liverpool  to  bestow  upon  them  the  favor  of  their  votes  ?  Let  us  select  one  or  two  examples,  out  of  many,  which,  had  we  time  and  inclination,  we  might  adduce.  First  of  all,  there  is  the  Candidate  for  Abercromby  Ward,  who,  after  a  triennial  lease  of  office,  is  about  retiring  to—go  in  again!  How  has  this  gentleman  signalized  himself?  Good  deeds  fasten  on  one  very  speedily  ;  and  the  public  heart  is  never  slow  to  forget  them.  We  repeat,  How  has  this  Candidate  promoted  the  interests  of  the  Borough  during  his  long  tenure  of  office  ?  Echo  How  If  the  do 'donothing'  policy  is  really  meritorious;  and  if  those  who  adopt  it  are  considered  worthy  of  all  munici municipal  pal municipal  and  civic  honours—not  only  elect  as  your  Councillor,  but  give  the  highest  dignity  if  you  can,  to  the  Candidate  who  now  solicits  your  suffrages,  ye  Burgesses  of  Abercromby  Ward  !  One  other  example  will  suffice  in  illustration  of  an  opposite  policy.  The  Candidate  who  solicits  the  votes  of  the  rate-payers  of  Pitt-street  Ward  is,  unfortunately  for  himself,  too  well  known  in  his  official  capacity.  This  gentleman,  it  will  be  re remembered,  membered, remembered,  before  his  election  to  office,  made  strong  professions  of  his  intention  to  promote  retrench retrenchment  ment retrenchment  in  the  expenditure  of  the  Corporate  purse.  Has  he  done  so  ?  Have  his  promises  been  ful fulfilled  filled fulfilled  ;  or  rather,  like  pie  -crusts,  have  they  not  been  easily  broken?  In  looking  over  the  Corpo Corporate  rate Corporate  .aecounts  we  can  find  no  trace  whatever  of  his  pruning-hook  ?  It  is  notorious  that  whenever  an  increase  of  expenditure  happened  to  be  proposed,  he  was  invariably  amongst  the  foremost  to  con concede  cede concede  it.  Doubtless  this  gentleman  ,4 STYLE=superscript  *ce,  upon  hisas  conseien conseienand  and conseienand  he  tiously  altered  his  opinion  ;  own  showing,  if  he  were  elegible  for  office  at  the  1  last  election  of  Council-men,  owing  to  his  avowal  1  of  economical  principles,  he  possesses  no  longer  a  claim  upon  public  support  ;  and  a  delicate  sense  of  propriety,  one  would  think,  should  induce  him  to  retire  from  the  forthcoming  contest.  We  know  not  if  his  constituents  have  forgotten  the  course  he  pursued  with  reference  to  the  election  of  Head  Constable.  If  they  have,  probably  this  passing  allusion  may  serve  to  recall  circumstances  which  in  themselves  are  deserving  of  serious  consider consideration.  ation. consideration.  It  requires  no  small:degree  of  self-assurance  for  an  individual  to  act  thus,  and  yet  try  to  bam bamboozle  boozle bamboozle  the  public  by  thrusting  himself  forward  to  regain  their  favor.  We  trust  that  the  Burgesses  of  Liverpool  will  be  and  that  they  will  equip  themselves  like  men;  and  honourably  and  conscientiously.  discharge  their  duty  on  the  forthcoming  occasion.  Let  them  not  elect  to  the  Municipal  office  those  who  do  not  know  their  own  minds,  and  who  are  incapable  of  arriving  at  definite  conclusions  on  matters  of  moment.  that  we  are  told,  like  a  wave  of  the  sea  and  Burgesses  should  look  for,  and  expect  in  their  Co  . STYLE=superscript  uncillors,  at  all  events,  stability  of  purpose  and  wisdom  to  direct;  else  their  council  and  their  works  are  likely  to  prove  of  no  greater  value  than  a  bottle  of  smoke  !  Let  them  select,  and  return  men  of  tried  public  virtue  ;  who  are  interested  in  the  welfare  of  the  Borough,  and  who  are  likely  to  discharge  their  obligations  creditably  to  them themselves,  selves, themselves,  and  satisfactorily  to  their  constituents  —  men  who  will  do  all  in  their  power  to  promote  essential  improvements  and  curtail  unnecessary  expenses;  and  who  will  be  unlike  the  starved-out  Commission  of  whose  doleful  tale  ever  is,  when  any  work  of  public  utility  is  proposed,  have  no  and  whose  song,  according  to  Punch,  is  to  the  old  tune  of  I've  no  :  I've  no  money  !  so  you  see  Nothing  can  be  done  by  me  ;  I  owe  it  to  my  sorrow  :  But  if  I  were  rich,  you'd  see  Wonders  would  be  done  by  me  ;  So  call  again  THE  New  York  Tribune,  in  announcing  to  the  American  public  the  fact  of  our  existence,  writes  as  follows  We  have  received  by  the  Arabia  the  first  number  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  Hitherto,  Liverpool,  a  city  containing  a  population  of  over  400,000  people,  has  been  without  a  daily  organ  !  !  We  do  not  use  notes  of  admiration  ourselves,  but  when  employed  with  sincerity,  as  in  the  present  instance,  they  are  highly  gratifying  and  complimen complimentary.  tary. complimentary.  The  fact  alluded  to  by  our  respected  cotem cotemporary,  porary, cotemporary,  is  one  which  is  looked  on  with  quite  as  much  astonishment  at  home  as  it  is  abroad.  But  what  is  the  number  of  our  population  compared  with  the  extraordinary  diversity  and  magnitude  of  our  com commercial,  mercial, commercial,  trading,  and  monetary  interests,  both  domestic  and  foreign  ?  As  one  of  the  great  centres  of  European  and  American  intercourse,  every  paragraph  of  news,  every  word  of  commercial  intelligence,  and  every  comment  and  idea  relating  to  trade,  is  of  impor importance  tance importance  and  actual  value  to  some  one  individual  or  class  of  a  community  such  as  we  have  in  Liver Liverpool.  pool. Liverpool.  The  value  and  interest,  however,  of  such  information  depend  mainly  on  the  promptitude  with  which  it  is  given  to  the  public  ;  and  in  the  discharge  of  this  important  branch  of  newspaper  management  we  have  not  been  surpassed  by  any  of  the  leading  London  papers;  and,  considering  the  sources  of  inforination  we  have  at  hand,  we  at  once  challenge  universal  competition.  The  spontaneous  support  we  have  already  received,  is  sufficient  to  show  that  the  want  of  a  daily  newspaper,  in  this  im important  portant important  locality,  was  most  severely  felt  by  the  leading  commercial  interests  of  our  port.  Nor  has  the  high  moral  and  national  principles  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  been  less  highly  appre appreciated  ciated appreciated  by  the  public  generally,  if  we  may  judge  from  the  avidity  with  which  our  daily  issues  are  sought  after.  Since  the  commencement  of  our  publication,  we  have  been  called  upon  to  advocate  great  national  rights  and  interests—to  oppose  recognised  princi principles  ples principles  to  a  variety  of  dangerous  nostrums—to  expose  tyranny—denounce  despotism—to  hold  up  to  pub public  lic public  ridicule  and  contempt  flagrant.attempts  at  fraud  —to  suggest  means  whereby  our  trade  and  com commerce  merce commerce  might  be  greatly  increased—and,  lastly,  to  comment  upon  all  the  minor  topics  of  a  most  remarkably  eventful  period;  and  in  descanting  on  this  extraorainary  multiplicity  of  subjects,  we  have  not  given  the  remotest  offence  to  any  party  or  individual.  •  Thus  far,  then,  we  have  laid  a  claim  to  public  support,  and  feel  assured  that  the  people  of  Liverpool  will  co-operate  with  us  for  the  general  good,  until  they  see  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  as  powerful  an  exponent  of  the  moral  and  national  voice  as  any  now  to  be  found  in  the  United  Kingdom.  For  the  marked  encouragement  and  influential  patronage  we  have  already  received,  we  feel  most  grateful.  And  as  for  the  future,  while  we  hold  it  to  be  our  paramount  duty,  we  conceive  it  to  be  no  less  our  interest,  to  continue  as  we  have  com commenced,  menced, commenced,  uninfluenced  by  party  views  or  party  interests.  The  Foreign  Intelligence,  particularly  that  from  the  West,  which  has  appeared  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  has  been  supplied  considerably  in  advance  of  that  given  in  the  London  papers  ;  while  our  Metropolitan  cotemporaries  are  con continually  tinually continually  compelled  to  take  from  our  columns  a  variety  of  local  intelligence,  which,  in  all  proba probability,  bility, probability,  would  never  have  found  its  way  to  the  public,  if  it  had  not  been  for  the  extensive  and  extending  arrangements  we  have  made,  to  secure  every  particle  of  information  which  is  likely  to  aid  trade,  inform  the  public,  and  assist  legis legislation.  lation. legislation.  In  the  Statistical  Department  of  our  paper,  we  have  made  as  rapid  progress  as  time  would  admit,  and  ere  long  we  shall  have  left  on  record  all  the  facts  and  figures  connected  with  leading  events  required  to  aid  the  political  economist  in  his  inquiries  into  the  moving  phenomena  of  the  day.  Thus,  in  addition  to  the  Chat,  Talk,  Gossip,  Fun,  and  Frolic  of  the  panorama  of  daily  life,  we  supply  tho  keys  to  the  great  temple  of  material  existence.  Sanguine  in  our  hopes  of  the  complete  success  of  our  present  onerous  undertaking,  we  only  repeat  the  amazement  of  our  cotemporary,  the  New  York  Hitherto,  Liverpool,  a  city,  containing  a  population  of  over  400,000  people,  has  been  without  a  daily  organ  !  !!  The  Aztec  Lilliputians  will  be  exhibited  in  Belfast  to-morrow  and  Saturday  next.  FATAL  ACClDENT.  — STYLE=superscript  Elizabeth  Jones  was  admitted  last  Thursday  week,  into  the  Royal  Infirmary.  Her  right  arm  was  broken,  and  the  bone  protruding.  She  was  attended  to  by  the  surgeons,  and  the  bone  set  in  its  place.  She STYLE=superscript  appeared  to  progress  favour favourably  ably favourably  until  last  Friday,  when  mortification  set  in,  and  she  died  on  Saturday.  An  inquest  was  held  yesterday,  and  a  verdict  of  accidental  death  was  re returned.  turned. returned.  SUDDEN  DEATHS.—George  Showne,  a  carter,  re residing  siding residing  at  36,  Hotham-street,  died  suddenly  on  Sa Saturday,  turday, Saturday,  at  his  residence,  of  disease  of  the  heart.  Ann  Davies,  a  child  12  weeks  old,  died  suddenly  of  fits  of  convulsions  on  Monday  morning,  at  her  mother's  residence,  in  Bostock-street.  Inquests  were  held  in  both  these  cases  yesterday,  and  ver-,  diets  of  deaths  from  natural  causes  returned."
