text
"THE  WAGES  MOVEMENT.  [mom  OIIR  OWN  REPORTER.]  PRESTON,  NoV.  2&amp;.—The  largest  meeting  we  have  had  here  for  some  time,  in  connection  with  this  movement,  took  place  in  this  afternoon.  It  was  computed  that  from  10,000  to  12,000  people  were  present,  Considerable  surpriso  was  excited  by  its  being  announced  that  the  manufacturers  of  this  town  had  memorialised  the  home  secretary,  in  reference  to  tha  rough  treatment  experienced  by  some  of  their  body  at  Blackburn,  no  such  document  having  been  heard  of  here  (except,  of  course,  amongst  the  parties  by  whom  it  was  signed,  and  perhaps  their  confidential  friends)  until  its  ap appearance  pearance appearance  in  the  Manchester  Guardian  :  of  to-day.  The  CHAIRMAN,  (Mr.Waddiugton,)  of  Preston,  expressed  himself  gratified  to  see  the  people  so  cheerful  as  they  were  at  present.  In  travelling  through  the  various  districts  this  week,  the  delegates  had  met  with  every  encouragement  to  persevere  in  the  honourable  course  they  had  commenced  ;  it  was  a  course  that  had  nothing  but  reason;  justice,  and  truth  on  its  side.  The  nianufacturers  might  say  what  they  would,  and  do  what  they  would,  and  write  what  they  thought  proper  in  any  paper  they  chose  to  select  •  but  there  was  no  pap  er  in  this  country  that  could  trample  down  truth,  reason,  and  justice.  (Cheers.)  Truth,  reason,  and  justice  would  make  their  way  in  spite  of  all  the  opposition  that  could  be  raised  against  them.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  was  cheering  to  his  mind  to  find  the  people  in  the  out  districts  of  Lancashire,  Cheshire  ,  and  Derbyshire,  in  the  excellent  spirit  they  evinced,  consi considering  dering considering  the  difficulties  they  were  labouring  under;  for  they  had  their  difficulties  as  well  as  the  people  of  Preston,  their  employers  being  a  little  bit  selfish,  like  those  of  this  town.  (Hear,  hear.)  After  a  few  more  remarks,  the  chairman  concluded  his  introductory  address  amid  applause.  Mr.  K.  Slam,  president  of  the  executive  council,  dis..  sected  a  letter  published  in  the  local  papers  by  the  committee  of  the  masters'  association,  in  reply  to  the  memorial  recently  forwarded  by  the  operatives  toLord  Palmerston.  [Shortly  aft  er  the  speaker  commenced,  a  woman  was  called  away  from  the  meeting  to  attend  upon  her  child,  which  had  been  nearly  burnt  to  death  during  her  absence  from  home.]  Mr.  Smith  a,  m  referred  to  this  incident  before  proceeding  further.  H  e  observed  twit  uli  other  had  had  to  leave  her  home,  and  in  consequence  of  that  a  serious  cident  had  happened  in  her  family.  Now  if  all  the  crimes  must  be  imputed  to  the  manufacturers  of  Preston,  which  he  believed  really  belonged  to  them,  a  great  deal  might  be  enumerated.  When  they  came  to  stand  before  their  immaculate  God,  when  the  black  book  was  opened,  he  be believed  lieved believed  that  many  sins  would  be  imputed  to  them  which  they  little  expected.  But,  however,  be  that  as  it  might,  he  would  see  whether  they  or  the  operatives  were  in  the  right.  The  committee  of  the  manufacturers'  association  Said  :  Seeing  in  the  Times  of  the  18th  November,  a  co  py  of  a  memorial  sent  from  the  delegates  of  the  power-loom  weavers  of  Preston  to  the  home  secretary,  which  we  do  not  consider  to  give  a  fair  account  of  the  cause  of  the  cessation  of  labour  in  this  town,  we  deem  it  our  duty  to  the  public  to  notice  a  few  of  the  statements  therein  made.  In  the  first  place,  we  give  a  complete  denial  to  the  charge  made  against  us,  as  a  body,  that  when  we  reduced  wages  in  1847,  we  promised  to  restore  the  same  at  some  future  period.  No  such  promise  was  made  by  the  masters  generally  of  this  town.  The  charge  has  been  frequently  put  forth  of  late,  and  we  are  glad  of  this  opportunity  of  denying  the  truth  of  You  see  (said  the  speaker)  they  don't  deny  the  fact  that  some  of  them,  at  any  rate,  made  the  promise.  They  say  here  that  that  promise  was  not  generally  made,  but  they  don't  say  that  it  was  not  given  at  all.  The  operatives,  therefore,  are  right  in  their  allegation,  may  further  state  that  since  1847,  at  various  - STYLE=superscript  times,  advances  in  wages  have  taken  I  believe  that  since  1839,  several  reductions  have  taken  place  in  this  town.  In  1839,  the  wages  were  reduced  ten  per  cent.  ;  between  that  period  and  1847,  another  10  per  cent.  was  taken  off;  and  in  1847  they  were  reduced  10  per  cent.  again.  Now  it  says  here  that  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  several  advances  which  have  taken  place  since  1847,  you  and  your  employers  have  been  working  very  comfortably  together.  (Laughter.)  But  although  they  have  thrice  taken  off  10  per  cent,  they  don't  say  that  even  one  ten  per  cent.  has  been  restored.  (Hear,  hear.)  into  consideration  the  diminution  of  the  hours  of  labour  from  69  to  60  hours  per  week,  the  weekly  earnings  of  tho  great  majority  of  the  operatives  were  higher,  previous  to  the  strike  than  at  any  former  It  is  generally  admitted  that  in  all  mills  where  the  principle  of  working  60  hours  per  week  has  been  established,  the  operatives  produce  more  work  proportionately  than  before  when  !they  were  employed  69  hours.  need  not  again  enter  minutely  into  the  cause  of  the  Because  they  dare  not  ;  they  are  ashamed  of  their  cause,  for  they  know  it  is  a  bad  one,  and  as  a  matter  of  course  the  less  they  can  say  about  it  the  better.  (Hear.  hear.)  need  not  again  enter  minutely  into  the  cause  of  the  strike  ;  this  we  have  previousiy  put  the  public  fully  in  possession  of.  Those  mills  where  it  first  commenced  were  amongst  the  highest  paid  in  the  town  ;  the  delegates  stating  that  after  obtaining  their  demands  in  these  cases,  they  would  take  the  rest  of  the  mills  in  detail,  and  so  bring  them  all  up  to  the  same  I  don't  know  what  the  manufacturers  of  Preston  mean  by  this.  But  I  think  I  could  name  particular  districts  where,  up  to  the  present  time,  the  hands  h  ave  never  once  asked  for  the  10  per  cent.  At  the  same  time,  however,  I  do  believe  that  it  was,  and  is  yet,  the  intention  of  the  operatives  where  they  are  as  badly  paid  as  in  Preston,  to  rouse  the  masters  up  a  bit  ;  and  I  also  be believe  lieve believe  the  delegates  will  not  be  content  till  they  get  those  hands  up  to  tomething  like  a  com comfortable  fortable comfortable  position.  (Hear,  hear.)  various  interviews  of  the  operatives  with  their  masters,  they  appeared  to  have  had  no  power  to  make  any  terms  without  first  consulting  the  committee  of  Then  we  are  just  in  the  same  po position  sition position  of  the  manufacturers  themselves.  I  understand  that  this  week,  in  your  own  town,  a  certain  employer  wanted  to  come  to  some  terms  with  his  hands,  but  before  he  could  do  this  he  had  to  consult  the  association  of  employers.  That  being  so,  if  it  were  a  fact  that  the  operatives  had  to  consult  the  committee  of  delegates  —which  i  deny  in  toto— totoif  if totoif  it  were  a  fact,  I  say,  we  should  only  be  on  a  par  with  themselves.  What  is  sauce  for  the  goose  is  sauce  for  the  gander  too.  It  is  immaterial  who  settles  this  dispute,  if  it  be  settled  honourably  and  satisfactorily  to  both  parties.  (Hear,  hear.)  In  conclusion,  I  have  on  ly  t  o  i  n  f  orm  you  that  London,  at  the  present  time,  is  on  the  move.  Last  night  there  was  a  discussion  going  on  at  a  meeting  of  various  trades,  as  to  whether  they  must  send  £5OO  (:r  £lOOO  down  to  Preston.  (Cheers.)  The  cork  cutters  of  London  had  granted  us  £2O;  and  that  has  come  to  baud  to-day.  Accord According  ing According  to  what  I  have  heard,  and  I  have  every  reason  to  con consider  sider consider  the  information  authentic,  if  all  the  mills  in  Lancashire  were  to  lock  up,  and  the  people  of  Preston  would  persevere  in  this  movement,  they  would  be  supported  until  they  won  the  day.  Everything  is  prosperous  before  us,  and  under  these  circumstances,  I  hope  and  trust  you  will  be  true  to  the  cause  of  10  per  cent.,  and  not  withdraw  one  iota  of  it.  (Loud  cheers,  Mr.  WALLACE  BEEVER  stated,  that  during  the  week  ho  had  been  in  various  districts  where  the  people  were  locked  out,  and  he  found  them  very  happy  and  contented,  for  they  were  receiving  very  good  pay  from  the  parish.  He  met  ono  man,  the  head  of  a  family,  who  had  been  for  parochial  relief,  and  he  had  got  21s.  Many  were  receiving  ls.  6d.  per  head  for  every  member  of  the  family,  and  therelbre  they  were  in  better  circumstances  than  the  operatives  of  Preston  ;  for  taking  the  average,  hi  s  h  earers  did  not  g  et  so  much  a  s  th  a  t.'  After  all,  however,  the  peopl  e  h  e  had  spoken  of  were  deter determined  mined determined  to  go  to  work  if  the  masters  would  open  their  mill  doors,  and  some  would  go  in  even  at  a  reduction,  before  they  would  sacrifice  Preston.  They  were  resolved  that  the  battle  should  here  be  fought  and  here  be  won.  (Cheers.)  After  asserting  that  the  masters  were  scheming  day  by  day  to  induce  the  operatives  to  break  the  peace,  and  after  cau cautioning  tioning cautioning  his  hearers  to  beware  of  any  by  which  tt  might  be  sought  to  exasperate  th  em  ,  th  e  spea  k  er  adverted  to  the  allegation  that  tr  a  d  e  was  b  a  d  at  the  present  time.  There  could  be  no  trade  now,  he  said;  it  was  impossible.  The  reason  was  tails—  al,.  1,  nrS  fn  call,  ail  1  therefore  there  was  no  trade.  But  that  was  not  the  fault  of  h  i  tagitation.  the  operatives.  The  manufacturers  might  have  som  e  thi  ng  t  o  sell  if  they  would  give  th  e  i  r  h  an  d  s  an  a  d  vance  of  10  per  cent.  upon  their  late  wages  ;  th  en  th  ey  wou  ld  hate  a  trade,  but  not  till  then.  (Hear,  hea  r  .)  T  aun  t  s  h  a  d  b  een  thrown  out.  about  the  delegates  going  u  p  an  d  d  own  th  e  country  spending  the  people's  money.  H  e  wou  ld  as  k,  w  h  ere  would  they  have  been  but  for  the  delegat  es  ?  Wh  ere  wou  ld  h  ave  b  een  the  two  thousand  p  oun  d  s  an  d  upwar  d  s  brought  in  last  Sunday  but  for  the  delegates  ?  It  wou  ld  not  have  b  een  in  Preston.  If  they  meant  to  have  mone  y  th  ey  must  have  somebody  to  fetch  it.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  I_,A.NG  blamed  those  who  h  a  d  t  a  k  en  part  i  n  t  h  e  recent  disturbances  at  Blackb  urn;  an  d  i  nt  i  mate  d  t  h  at  suc  h  conduct  was  disapproved  of  by  th  e  weavers  '  comm  i  ttee  i  n  t  h  at  town,  who  had  issued  the  f  o  ll  ow  i  ng  p  l  acar  d  P  eace  ,  law,  and.  order.—To  the  fact  or  y  o  p  era  t  ives  o  f  th  e  t  own  o  f  Bl  ac  kb  urn.  Fellow  operatives,  in  consequence  of  persons  assembling  in  the  old  Market-place  on  a  Wednesday  e  ven  i  ng,  thereby  while  the  Pre  s  t  on  ten  per  cent.  question  is  in  disturbing  the  public  peace,  we,  the  we  avers  '  committee,  i  beg  to  state  that  wo  do  not  countenan  ce  suc  h  proceedings  ;  and  we  earnestly  request  you  to  st  a  y  i  n  your  own  homes  every  eveningse  e  Y  order  of  th  e  weavers  '  committeea  ry  .  M  r  .  L  ang  added  that  if  the  Black Blackburn  burn Blackburn  manufacturers  were  induced  to  take  off  the  ten  per  cent.,  it  would  never  stop  the  Preston  subscription.  To Tomorrow  morrow Tomorrow  a  larger  amount  would  be  sent  from  Blackburn  than  had  ever  been  received  since  the  lock-out.  (Cheers.)  Mr.  GRIMSHAW  remarked  that,  although  this  struggle  might  last  over  the  winter,  because  trade  was  so  the  manufacture  rs  wou  ld  run  t  h  e  i  r  m  i  lls  on  condition  that  they  might  withhold  the  10  p  er  cen  t  .  If  ever  there  was  a  system  that  ought  to  be  warred  against,  it  was  this.  If  our  trade  could  not  pi  osper  ;  if  our  commerce  could  not  flourish,  but  at  the  expense  of  the  comfort,  happiness,  and  well-being  of  the  operatives  of  this  country,  he  would  say  let  trade  and  commerce  perish,  and  a  new  order  of  things  be  established.  (Hear,  hear.)  Many  of  the  places  he  had  visited  during  the  week  had  been  put  on  short  time,  but  the  people  declared  that  if  they  only  worked  two  days  a  week,  they  would  con continue  tinue continue  their  levy  for  Preston.  (Cheers.)  Mr.  CHADWICK  having  briefly  addressed  the  meeting,  The  CHAIRMAN  referred  to  the  statement  of  the  masters'  association,  that  advances  of  wages  had  taLii  place  in  this  town  since  1847.  He  said  ho  should  like  them  to  name  the  places,  for  he  was  ignorant  of  any  such  advances.  Thanks  having  been  voted  to  the  chairman  ,  the  vast  assembly  dispersed  in  an  or  d  er  ly  manner  at  sunset,"
