text
"TOWNSHIP  OP  TOXTRTH  PARE  A  special  meeting  of  the  Vestry  of  the  extra  parochial  place  of  Toxteth-park,  was  held  at  10  o'clock  on  yesterday,  in  the  Public-offices  '  Park-place,  pursuant  to  a  requisitio  n  of  the  ratepayers,  the  purpose  of  determining  whether  a  burial-ground  should  be  provided  for  the  said  extra  paro parochial  chial parochial  place,  under  the  acts  15  and  16  Vic.,  cap.  85,  and  16  and  17  Vic.,  cap.  134,  and  if  at  such  meeting  it  were  de determined  termined determined  to  provide  such  burial-ground,  then  for  the  vestry  to  take  such  steps  as  by  law  was  required  for  carrying  such  determination  into  Mr.  GREGSON,  T.C.,  was  in  the  chair  The  other  gentlemen  present  were—Messrs.  Halhead,  T.C.,  Robertson;  T,C.,  M'Nicol,  T.C.,  Ewing,  Ogden,  Harrison,  Aljass,  Mountfield  Smith,  Cleaver,  Wilson,  Gregg,  Gilbert  Harrison,  Roberts,  Hetherington,  Richard  Miller,  Smith,  J.  Dickenson,  Thomas  Dunnett,  Sailes,  Fisher,  Wat Watson;  son; Watson;  Carter,  A.  Horsfall,  and  Rev.  Mr.  Roberts.  After  the  Clerk  had  read  the  requisition  convening  the  meeting,  •  The  CHAIRMAN  said  that  they  were  all  aware  of  the  very  great  difficulty  of  obtaining  accommodation  for  the  inter interment  ment interment  of  the  poor  throughout  Liverpool,  but  especially  in  that  township.  Walton,  and  in  fabt  all  the  burial-grounds  around  the  town  were  completely  filled,  and  it  was  there therefore  fore therefore  now  absolutely  necessary  to  adopt  some  measures  to  remedy  the  evil.  Mr.  WILSON  thought  the  attendance  of  ratepayers  was  not  sufficiently  large  to  determine  the  question,  and  sug suggested  gested suggested  an  adjournment.  Some  discussion  took  place  on  this  - STYLE=superscript  head,  but  it  was  eventually  resolved  that  the  meeting  should  determine  the  question  before  it,  inasmuch  as  the  usual  notice  had  been  given  by  advertisement  in  the  papers  and  placards.  Mr.  TlAnntsort  then  proceeded  to  show  the  necessity  that  existed  for  extra-mural  burial  accommodation,  particularly  in  the  district  of  that  township.  In  proof  of  this  necessity  he  referred  to  the  increase  that  had  taken  place  in  their  population,  which  had  increased  from  2,300  in  1801,  to  61,326  in  1851.  And  if  they  looked  forward  to  the  next  eighteen  years,  as  they  should  do  ;  if  they  intended  to  meet  the  requirements  of  the  township  in  this  particular  ;  they  should  calculate  on  a  population  of  no  less  than  120,000  ;  so  that  unless  something  were  done  immediately,  they  would  have  no  burial-ground  at  all.  He  had  had  a  conversation  with  Dr.  Sutherland  on  the  matter  ;  and  from  the  facts  stated  to  him  by  that  gentleman,  he  believed  that  if  they  had  a  proper  cemetery,  it  would  be  not  only  an  accommoda accommodation  tion accommodation  to  the  public,  but  a  source  of  revenue  to  the  rate-payers.  In  support  of  this  belief  he  instanced  the  cemetery  of  Glas Glasnevin,  nevin, Glasnevin,  near  Dublin,  where,  in  1841,  a  company  established  a  burial-ground  of  nine  acres,  and  such  were  the  require requirements  ments requirements  of  the  place,  that  they  had  to  extend  it  in  1846  to  forty  acres;  and  ut!  to  1853,  they  had  buried  116,000  bodies  there.  In  conclusion,  he  moved  that  a  burial-ground  should  be  provided  for  the  extra  parochial  place  of  Toxteth-park,  in  conformity  with  the  terms  of  the  act.  Mr.  ALPASS  seconded  the  motion,  and  in  doing  so  also  pointed  out  the  necessity  for  this  step.  Mr.  HALHEAD  askedif  it  were  intended  that  a  commit committee  tee committee  should  be  appointed  for  the  purpose  of  buying  the  ground?  The  CHAIRMAN  explained  that  by  a  change  in  the  act  it  was  enacted  that  when  such  a  resolution  as  that  moved  were  carried,  the  vestry.  should  appoint  a  committee  of  not  less  than  three  and  not  more  than  nine  members,  to  constitute  a  parochial  board  for  this  purpose  ;  one  third  of  them  to  go  out  of  office  annually,  but  to  be  eligible  for  re-election.  Mr.  HALHEAD  inquired  if  such  a  board  would  have  the  power  to  purchase  any  quantity  of  land  they  might  think  proper  ?  _  _  -  Mr.  CLEAVER  replied  that  by  the  act  they  were  limited  to  £15,000.  Mr.  HALHEAD  said  that  it  would  be  more  in  accordance  with  the  feelings  of  the  inhabitants  if  a  sub-committe  were  appointed  to  treat  for  the  land,  and  then  bring  the  matter  before  the  rate-payers  for  their  assent.  He  had  no  objection  to  the  proposition  before  the  meeting,  but,  on  the  contrary,  he  concurred  in  its  necessity.  For,  from  a  conversation  lie  had  had  with  Dr.  Sutherland,  he  gathered  that  the  greater  portion  of  the  burial-grounds  within  the  town  would  be  altogether  speedily  clo3ed.  He  wished  to  know,  however,  if  it  were  compulsory  to  pay  the  money  borrowed  within  twenty  years  ?  Mr:  CLEAVER  ',bat,  ordinarily  speaking,  it  would  be  compulsory  in  them  to  do  so,  but  there  were  circum circumstances  stances circumstances  under  which  they  might  get  the  time  extended.  The  o±ininnANT  said  they  would  have  to  pay  9  per  cent.  every  year-4  per  cent.  as  interest,  and  5  per  cent.  in  liqui liquidation  dation liquidation  of  the  principal.  Mr.  .ALPASS  :  But  that  will  grow  1p.2  0.70  7  year.  A  brief  diQouoaion  then  took  place  as  to  the  requirements  of  the  general  extra-mural  burial  act  —namely,  as  to  whether  each  grave  could  not  be  re-opened  until  after  th  2  lapse  'of  fifteen  years.  This  point  did  not  seem  very  clear.  Mr.  ALPASS  said  that  there  had  been  some  calculation  made  at  a  preliminary  , STYLE=superscript  meeting,  and  that  they  were  satisfied  that  between  37  and  40  acres,  which  could  be  had  under  £15,000,  would  be  quite  sufficient.  This  sum  would,  in  addition,  wall  in  and  lay  out  the  place—build  two  chapels,  and  drain  the  ground  ;  and  if  this  sum  was  not  sufficient,  there  would  be  nothing  to  prevent  the  board  from  coming  before  the  vestry  and  asking  for  an  additional  thousand.  If  they  could  get  the  above  quantity  of  land  for  the  sum  specified,  there  could  scarcely  be  any  doubt  but  that  the  in income  come income  of  the  cemetery  would  meet  all  its  expenses.  He  might  as  well  mention,  also,  that  it  was  the  opinion  of  the  preliminary  meeting  to  which  he  had  referred,  that  £15,000  would  be  ample  enough  to  provide  sufficient  burial  accom accommodation  modation accommodation  for  the  next  twenty  years.  Mr.  FISHER  asked  if  they  were  confined  to  the  township  of  Toxteth  Park  in  which  to  purchase  the  land  ?  The  CHAIRMAN  replied  that  they  might  purchase  it  any anywhere,  where, anywhere,  but  it  would  be  desirable  to  purchase  it  as  near  the  township  as  possible.  Mr.  observed  that,  from  what  had  been  said  with  regard  to  the  necessity  of  additional  burial-ground,  it  mattered  very  little  as  to  whether  they  exceeded  their  limit  of  £15,000.  The  necessity  existed,  and  the  accommodation  should  be  provided,  no  matter  what  it  cost  ;  but  he  was  sure  that  if=  they  appointed  a  proper  committee  according  to  the  provisions  of  the  act  of  parliament,  with  the  chairman  at  its  head,  they  would  not  have  to  pay  too  much  for  the  ground.  It  was  not  then  necessary  to  go  into  details,  but  let  them  have  the  largest  amount  of  ground  at  the  smallest  possible  cost  ;  and  no  gentleman  could  suppose  that  the  board  would  act  in  any  other  way.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  poor  could  not  pay  for  this  accommodation,  and  therefore  the  rich  shonld  do  so,  and  he,  as  a  rate  payer,  was  quite  willing  to  bear  his  proportion  of  the  expense.  The  CHAIRMAN  observed  that  they  were  then  arguing  on  the  necessity  of  such  accommodation.  When  they  had  de.  terrnined  that,  they  could  appoint  the  board  and  fix  the  Mr.  WILSON  begged  to  'be  understood,  that  though  he  Moved  the  adjournment,  he  was  not  opposed  to  the  object  of  the  meeting.  He  had  lived  too  long  in  the  district  not"
