text
"On  Tuesday  y  jostled  by  two  to  secure  his  po  _  No  trace  of  the  thieves  has  I  20  £sn  an  extension  hitherto  imp  in  t  betwee  300  and  400  tiarees  Castile,  for  shipmentln'inCuas  E  AT  I  exettement  has  been  created  at  Leith,  by  the  report  that  a  firm  there,  engaged  in  the  corn  trade,  has  suspended  payment  question  is  that  of  Bruce  and  Kerr  rally  do  not  expect  to  reali  Etii;zbu  L'ILFLATI  ;nor  An  ihunal  ingail  t  )  to  ea  The  creditors  gene genes.  s. genes.  in  the  pound.—  mony.  Although  no  actually  in  holy  ord  don  celibacy.  THE  PORTSMOUTH  DOCK  ARTISAN  disposition  to-day  on  the  part  of  the  work  unless  they  have  more  waste:  t  is  very  rar  as  been  a  shipwrights  to  stri  least  of  it,  is  very  indecorous  condu  nen  at  such  a  period,  and  spea  , STYLE=superscript  atriotisna.  Moreover,  they  have  Thii;  to  ;aith  ii  pay,  and  by  working  o  on  the  part  of  the  it  little  for  their  )een  in  the  receipt  of  made  50s.  a-weel  Sixteen  bn  .tehers  wer  Tribunal  of  Police,  fr  some  of  them  have  tofor  15f.,  _  rious  of  five  of  them  saving  offended  more  than  once,  were  se  in  addition,  to  from  one  to  three  data'  imprisonmen  ;ntence  British  railway  miles  completed  —thus,  in  length  they  ex  Europe  united,  and  mor  hid  to  make  a  I  han  en  pelt  of  iron  around  the  Blot  these  lines  has  been  286,000,00  amount  of  the  national  debt,  trated  the  earth  with  tunnels  to  ,  equal  to  one-  Man  to  take  precedence  0 STYLE=superscript  1  any  other.  Its  object  is  solely  to  enlighten  the  Allied  Governments  upon  the  different  military  combination°  which  can  be  adopted,  to  foresee  all  possible  even'  tualities  and  to  prepare  measures  to  meet  them.  The  council  being  work  over  Great  I  experienced  .generals  a  a  great  mea  sure  ,  compose  d  Of  ueariy  an  of  them,  hay°  taken  a  glorious  part  in  the  operations  accomplished  is  the  East  and  in  the  Baltic,  can  but  afford  the  most  - STYLE=superscript  -.lv  c  ons  id  ere  d  a  d  v  i  ce  ,  an  d  or  i  ginate  propositions  (  regards  the  best  method  o  f  force  which  the  and  naval  paring.--,  •Bfonit  FRANCE.  k  and  1,610,142  f  _vans  On  the  subject  of  the  peace  propositions  lby  Austria  to  Russia,  a  lett  er  dated  Paris,  Thurs-  Atiy,  states  as  follows  :—IV  e  h  now  that  the  answer  'of  Russia  to  the  Austrian  tpropositions  is  now  on  the  way  to  Vienna,  where  it  is  expected  on  the  13th  or  14th,  and,  as  you  may  suppose,  every  one  is  straining  his  ingenuity  to  the  utmost  to  guess  'what  that  answer  is.  It  is  inferred  from  M.  Rsterhazy's  continued  stay  at  St.  Petersburg  that  it  is  not  a  peremptory  rejection  of  those  propositins,  and  sanguine  people  would  suppose  that  there  is  yet  a  good  chance.  This  feeling  is  tet  general  ;  and  though  it  is  possible  that.  M.  de  esselrode  will  try  to  gain  time  by  employing  every  'stratagem,  an  unconditional  acceptance  of  Russia  is  not  anticipated  any  more  th  an  the  willingness  of  the  A STYLE=superscript  llies  to  li  s  t  en  to  other  terms  than  those  that  have  been  already  proposed.  There  is  a  conflict  of  opinion  .s  to  the.  course  Austria  will  adopt  in  the  event  of  Russia  givino•  a  decided  negative.  A  Russian  .official  of  higli  rank  at  Vienna  writes  to  a  member  of  his  family  reSiding  in  Paris,  to  express  his  fears  that  Austria  is  on  the  point  of  openly  declaring  'against  Russia,  and  of  going  all  lengths  with  :England  and  France.  This  opinion  is  confined  to  few.  Austria  says  if  Russia  accept  the  propositions,  but  at  a  future  period  fail  to  execute  her  pledge,  she  will  make  the  non  -execution  a  casus  belli  ;  and  if  Russia  refuse,  then  she  solemn  a  (Austria)  will  make  a  ppeal  to  the  German  States  to  concert  With  her  the  measures  necessary  to  force  Russia  to  listen  to  reason.  She  can  hardly  be  expected  to  take  any  decisive  steps  during  the  winter  ;  in  spring  she  will  . STYLE=superscript  see  the  way  firer;  and  after  another  campain  he  r  better  able  to  decide,  without  peril  s STYLE=superscript  to  herself,  vvhat  course  remains  foi  her  to  take,  and  will  act  :according  to  circumstances.  Orders  have  been  given  to  make  preparations  at  Rouen  for  the  immediate'  arrival  of  a  very  large  quantity,  of  immediate'  front  the  manufactory  of  the  Bouchet,  in  order  to  forward  it  w  i  t  h  out  delay  to  are  Brest  and  Cherbouro.  Not  l  ess  than  111,000  tons  to  be  sent  to  the  former  port,  and  224,000  to  the  latter.  .  ,  .  A  sum  of!  money,  amounting  to  172,000  f.  has,  it  ppears,  been  stolen  from  the  - STYLE=superscript  Bank  of  France.  The  person  charged  with  the  offence  is  to  young  roan,  of  26,  employed  in  the  establishment  for  .._  time.  He  had  been  for  some  time  suspected  of  4abstracting  money,  and  was  closely  watched  by  a  police  agent  who  seldom  quitted  him.  It  was  dis discovered  covered discovered  that  the  money  was  concealed,in  a  hole  in  the  forest  of  Noyon,  department  of  the  Oise,  with  the  exception  of  13,000  f.  The  person  is  said  to  be  the  son  of  a  military  man  of  some  rank.  made  clearer  befo  nay  be  PRUSSIA.  _  We  learn  from  Berlin,  under  date  of  the  10th  inst.,  that  there  ply  of  Russia  to  the  propositions  will  be  sent  to  Vienna  direct,  and  not  handed  to  Count  Esterhazy.  The  return  reply  from  Austria  bob  go  to  St.  Petersburg,  to  Connt  Esterhazy,  to  y  h►m  handed  to  Count  Nesselrode.  This  mode  of  transmission  will  create  at  least  a  month's  idelay,  during  the  whole  course  of  the  negoei  cons.  The  object  is  not  at  present  apparent,  lout  Russia  purposes  to  gain  all  possible  time.  England  is  taking  a  very  high  tone  towards  this  government.  The  blockade  is  threatened  to  be  extended  to  the  Prussian  ports..  The  cabinet  is  becoming  alarmed,  and  strong  efforts  will  be  made  to  induce  Russia  to  accede  to  the  terms  proposed.  Count  Russia  left  St  Petersburg  on  Tuesday  evening,  as  soon  as  he  was  well  enqugh  to  travel.  The  statements  in  reference  to  the  negociations  are  very  extraordinary.  According  to  the  Gazette  de  Kcenigsberg,  Russia  has  declined  the  mediation  of  Austria,  and  accepts  that  of  Saxony.  It  is  stated  from  Vienna  that  Count  Nesselrode  has  declared  that  the  propositions  of  the  22nd  December  presented  no  absolute  cha character,  racter, character,  and  that  Russia  admitted  modifications.  W  RUSSIA.  to  the  e  have  received  th  e  St.  Petersburg  l  date  of  th  e  Ist  instant.  journ  as  The  Invalide  Russo  contains  an  extract  from  Prince  Gortschakoff's  diary  of  operations  from  the  sth  to  the  16th  of  December.  It  says  :—ln  this  :--  the  of  time  nothing  patticular  has  oceured  in  he  Crimea,  except  some  reconnaissances  and  out-,  post  skirmishes.  Thus,  to  ascertain  as  far  as  pos possible  sible possible  the  position  and  works  of  the  enemy  on  the  south  aide  of  Sebastopol,  the  sloop  and  three  boats,  under  ti  the  .  command  of  Lieut...  Deigeff,  were  sent  0  '  the  night  between  the  sth  and  6th  of  Dee.  towai?d  s  the  south  Bay.,  •  That  bold  officer,  leaving  the  boats  whieh  brought  hi  between  the  Paul  BatterY  and  the  Woronzoff-rolicnils  the  crane,  accompanied  by  and  quay,  landed  near  Ensign  osholkoff,  Quartermaster  Stepanett  and  the  pilot  Mixhaileff.  Thence  he.  advanced  as  far  as  the  docks  ;  but  at  a  short  distance  from  the  parde  of  the  Wood  -yard  he  came  upon  a  corps  de  enemy  sitting  round  a  fire,  whereupon  he  retniried  to  the  sloop.  Another  attempt  to  laud  at  the  centre  of  the  bridgeofSonth  bay  also  failed,  After  these  two  attempts,  our  men  took,  the  direction  of  the  New  Admiralty,  and  landed  near  the  Maison  Carenage.  Titey  came  upon  a  sentinel,'  who  in  Quartermhster  Stepanoff  felled  to  the  ground,  but  a  general  alarm  was  spread  among  the  enemy,  ancl  they  were  polledcom polledcomtoleat  toleat polledcomtoleat  a  retreat.  They  limited  themselves  a  r STYLE=superscript  econnaissance  of  the  side  ofth  e  bay.  Despite.  the  darkness,  they  were  enabled  to  ascertain  that:,  the  Allies  occupy  the  Old  Admiralty  with  Consider Considerable  able Considerable  forces,  as  also  the  houses  and  contiguous  magazines.  From  the  shouts  , STYLE=superscript  of  the  sentinels,  it  was  ascertained  that  the  shore  of  South  Day  i  s  guarded  by  the  English.  PORTUGAL.  We  Learn  from  Lisbon  that  the  King  of  Portugal  opened  the  preliminary  session  of  the  Cortes  in  trPerson  on  the  2nd  instant.  His  Majesty,  in  the  r STYLE=superscript  se  of  his  speec  h  ,  stated  that  in  consequence  of  p  Partial  failure  of  cer  e  al  s  and  the  rise  in  the  pric  e  of  provisions  which  has  arisen  from  various  causes,  a  law  on  this  important  subject  will  be  Klbillitted  to  the  Cortex_  The  Moniteur  of  yesterday  publishes  a  return  (from  which  the  subjoined  is  collated)  of  the  con condition  dition condition  of  the  Bank  of  France  and  the  branch  banks  Up  to  Thursday  the  10th  January  instant.  tothActive.  —Coin  and  bullion,  81,184,345  f  26c  ;  coins  e  bra  nc  h  b  anks,  118,426,113  f;  bills  due  yes yesrday  rday yesrday  to  be  -paid  to-day,  638,424  f  22c;  portfolio  of  Paris,  of  which  86,060,607  f  77c  come  from  the  b STYLE=superscript  ranch  banks,  235,755,409  f  9  7c  ;  portfolio  of  branch  bills  on  the  place,  210,939  ,492  f;  advanced  on  bul bullieu  lieu bullieu STYLE=superscript  and  moneys,  3 STYLE=superscript  ,089,000  f;  advanced  on  bullion  and  moneys  in  the  branch  banke,  1,861,700  f  ;  ad advaneed  vaneed advaneed  on  French  public  securities,  40,802,236  f  „.  a STYLE=superscript  dvanced  on  F  rench  public  securities  in  the  branch  banks,  6,773,250  f;  advanced  on  railway  shares  and  bonds,  34,210,300  f;  advanced  on  railway  shares  and  bonds  in  the  branch  banks,  /1,146,600  f;  discount  of  Treasury  bonds  to  the  Treasu  r  y,  40,000,000  E;  ad.  vanced  to  th  e  S  tate  on  the  treaty  of  the  30th  of  June,  1848,  6 STYLE=superscript  0,000,000£  ;  rentes  of  the  reserve  bank  and  its  brances,  ex-bank,  12,980,750  f.  14e.  ;  rentes  disposable  funds,  52,188,783  E  88c.;  hotel  and  furniture  of  the  Bank,  4,000,000  f.  ;  oerty  meubies)  of  th  e  Bank  and  branch  bank  p STYLE=superscript  s,  r STYLE=superscript  5,  p STYLE=superscript  055,095f  (im STYLE=superscript  txpenses  of  the  administration  of  the  Ban'  branch  banks,  108,863  E  93c.  Ssc.  T  o  t  a  l  ,  920,570,505  f.  83c  ;  various,  .  Passive.—C  ap  i  tal  of  the  serve  Bank,  91,250,000  f,  !  re  of  the  Bank  and  branches,  ex  -b  an  k  s,  12,980,750  f.  14c.;  rese STYLE=superscript  rve  immobili  ere  (fi  xe  d  reserves)  tion,  of  t  of  the  Bank,  4,000,000  E  ;  bills  t  o  b  earer  in  circula  he  Bank,  512,432,000  E;  bibs  to  be  arer  i  n  cir STYLE=superscript  culation,  of  th  e  b  ranch  banks,  95,505,550  f.  ;  bills  and  orders  payable  at  Paris  and  in  the  branch  banks.  5,490,698  f.  98c.  ;  bills  (receipts)  aable  at  at  Pa  r  i  s  and  in  the  branch  banks,  4  ,oB9,loBf.sight  Trea STYLE=superscript  sury  account  current  creditor  (erediteur  51,372,584  E  70c.  ;  current  accounts  of  106,806,255  f.  86c.;  current  accounts  in  the  branch  4  establi  s STYLE=superscript  hments,  23,888,114  E  :  dividends  d  ue  ,217,121  f.  •  various  discounts  and  interest  at  Paris  and  in  tho  branch  establishments,  2,815,713  E  ;  commission  on  deposits,  4,353  E  95c.  ;  re-discounts  during  the  last  half  esta  .year  at  P  ar  i  s  and  in  the  branch  blishments,  1,738,733  f.  2c.  7  's2 STYLE=superscript  lf.  82e.  ;  dishonoured  bills,  sundries  ,  3,972,000  f,  40c,  Total  920,570,505  f.  83c.  Examined  and  certified  by  the  vouchers.  'le  Governor  of  the  Bank  of  France,  Count  d'Aaaour  death,  I  ADJOURNED  INQUEST  ON  Tin  BODIES  OF  MRS.  WILLIAM  PALMER,  AND  MR.  WALTER  PALMER.  .--.  (FROM  OVA  OWN  REPORTER.)  I  1,1,  Rugeley,  Friday.  Ane  adjourned  inquest  on  the  bodies  of  Mrs.  William  Palmer  and  Mr.  Walter  Palmer  was  held  this  morning,  in  the  Town  Hall,  Rugeley,  when  the  most  intense  interest  was  manifested  in  the  proceedings,  and  the  court  wos  inconveniently  crowded  during  the  whole  of  the  day.  Mr.  Dean,  solicitor,  of  London,  togeth  secretary  of  the  Prince  of  Wales  Insurance  Company  were  present,  and  took  an  active  part  in  the  proceedings.  Representatives  from  Other  ins('  ranee  companies  were  also  present:  r  with  the  •  The  Coroner  opened  th  e  proceedings  by  stating,  that  the  enquiry  had  been  adjourned  for  the  purpose  of  Dr.  Taylor  preparing  his  report  on  the  analyses  which  he  had  made  of  the  contents  found  in  the  stomachs  of  Mrs.  Palmer  and  Mr.  Walter  Palmer.  Dr.  Taylor  not  hating  yet  arrived,  he  proposed  to  proceed  with  the  other  medical  evidence.  Mr.  Smith,  soli°  )r,  of  Birmingham,  who  appeared  to  water'  tne  case  on  behalf  of  the  prisoner,  William  Palter,  objected  to  the  medical  evidence  being  taken  in  the  absence  of  Dr.  Taylor.  Ann  Rowley  woman,  who  assisted  in  laying  rlalmer,  was  re-called,  and  corrobo corrobo..ence  ..ence corrobo..ence  she  gave  on  the  first  day  of  the  ne  did  not  notice  anything  particular  in  the  body.  Mrs.  Bradshaw,  a  nurse,  d.  Mr.  H  a  ll,  a  jo  Palmerin  P  abou  e  t  e  a  week  b  e  f  ore  s  h  e  er,  f  Rugl  made  the  coffin.  By  Mr.  Smith  :  V  er  y  f  ew  o  f  her  friends  y, STYLE=superscript  saw  her  from  the  time  of  her  death  to  her  funeral..  Mr.  Bamford  attended  her;  can't  say  whether  the  medicine  came  from  Mr.  Bamford.  Mr.  Palmer  seemed  to  be  kind  and  attentive  to  his  wire,  and  they  appeared  to  live  happily  together;  Mr.  Palmer  was  a  kind  man  to  all  about  him.  Mr.  Bergen,  snperintendent  of  police  at  Lichfield,  examined  :  Was  present  when  the  body  of  Ann  Palmer  was  viewed  by  the  coroner  and  jury;  Dr.  Monpton  made  out  the  body  of  M  rated  the  evid  ance  of  II  .pon  Mr  examination  of  the  body.  ..  Smith  :  1  do  not  know  whether  any  of  the  _s  on  behalf  of  the  insurance  offices  have  been  -vial  about  the  matter;  I  have  had  no  communication  with  any  of  the  insurance  offices;  I  believe  a  great  number  of  erroneous  statements  have  been  ci  rcu  l  ated  about  the  matter  w  ithi  n  t  h  e  l  ast  two  or  three  weeks.  Miss  Eliza  Than],  of  Coton,  examined.  I  formerly  resided  with  Mr.  William  Palmer,  as  general  servant.  I  entered  his  service  the  day  after  New  Years's  day,  1854,  and  lived  with  him  two  years.  During  the  time  I  resided  with  him,  Mrs.  Palmer's  general  health  was  pretty  good.  She  was  taken  ill  on  a  Wednesday  evening,  in  September,  1854.  She  complained  of  having  taken  cold.  She  had  just  come  from  Liverpool.  She  went  to  Liverpool  on  the  previous  Monday.  Her  husband  did  not  go  with  her.  It  was  nine  o'clock  at  night  on  the  Wednesday  when  she  returned  home,  and  complained  of  having  taken  a  cold  ;  she  went  to  bed  about  half-past  nine  o'clock  ;  I  did  not  see  her  take  anything  to  eat  or  drink;  the  next  mo  rn  i  ng,  b  etween  eight  and  nine,  I  saw  her  in  bed,  she  said  she  did  not  feel  well  ;•  Mr.  Palmer  took  her  a  cup  of  tea  and  dry  toast  ;  there  was  no  milk  in  the  tea,  but  there  was  sugar  ;  I  saw  Mrs.  Palmer  in  a  few  minutes  after  she  had  taken  the  tea;  I  went  to  see  if  she  would  take  a  little  more,  and  she  said  she  would  not  ;  she  had  drank  the  tea,  and  had  eaten  little  of  the  toast  ;  I  saw  her  again  in  the  forenoon,  and  she  still  complained  of  vomiting  •  she  compl  a  i  ne  d  of  vomiting  early  in  th  e  morning;  she  took  some  tea  on  the  Wednesday  evening,  on  returning  from  Liverpool  ;  I  was  wrong  in  saying  she  did  not  ;  I  prepared  the  tea;  she  had  some  cold  meat;  when  I  saw  Mrs.  Palmer  the  second  time  on  Wednesday  morning  she  said  she  was  no  better;  that  was  after  she  had  been  sick  ;  Ido  not  recollect  that  she  had  been  purged  ;  I  saw  what  she  had  vomited;  I  did  not  notice  anything  peculiar  about  it;  it  was  white  as  far  asp  can  recollect;  it  was  qtkite  clear,  and  looked  like  water;  I  took  it  out  of  the  room  and  threw  it  away  ;  I  threw  it  away  on  my  own  accord  ;  after  that  I  returned  into  the  bed-room  ;  Mrs.  Palmer  made  no  remark  ;  at  that  .time  no  one  but  Mr.  Palmer  and  myself  were  present;  she  continued  to  vomit  up  to  Thursday.  By  a  Juror  :  Mr.  Palmer  saw  Mrs.  Palmer  vomit,  but  I  do  not  know  whether  he  examined  it  or  not.  By  the  Coroner  :  I  prepared  the  tea,  gruel,  and  all  that  went  up  to  Mrs.  Palmer;  Mr.  Palmer  prepared  •'  After  the  Monday  preceding  Mrs.  Palmer's  i  ever  in  the  bed-room  ;  Mrs.  —,  attended  upon  her  from  that  day  ;  I  believe  she  was  purged  the  day  after  she  came  from  Liverpool  ;  she  never  complained  to  me  of  any  particular  pain;  she  was  confined  whilst  I  was  there  ;  no  one  'but  the  nurse  and  Mr.  Palmer  waited  upon  her  then  ;  at  that  time,  he  occasionally  took  food  up  to  her  ;  on  the  Sunday  after  she  returned  from  Liverpool,  Dr.  Bamford  was  called  in  ;  that  was  the  Sunday  before  she  died  ;  I  was  in  the  house  when  she  died,  but  not  in  the  room  By  Mr.  Dean  was  no  other  servant  in  the  house  harwonaan  (the  last  witness)  ;  it  before  her  death  that  she  went  Bradsnaw,  a  nurse.  besides  nivself  and  a  was  the  Monday  but  Miss  Palm  her  sister-in-law,  went  with  r  was  at  that  time  from  home;  he  went  9ek  in  the  morning;  on  her  return  Palmer  walked  home  from  the  went  to  the  railway  station"
