text
"TOWN  COUNCIL.—yEs  ERDAT  -4.---  _  The  usual  monthly  meetin  g  w  as  held  at,  eleven  o'clock,  yesterday,  in  the  Tirvin  , STYLE=superscript  hall';  the  Mayor,  John,  Stewart,  Esq.,  presiding.  -  The  minutes  of  the  la  I STYLE=superscript  speeial  Council,  Were  read  st  nionthly  Council,  and  the  late  _•  FINANCE  COIII3IITTPE.  The  proceedingsnf  this  committee  contained  a  report  of  the  probable  income  and  expenditure  of  the  Corporation  for  the  year  commencing  the  - STYLE=superscript  Ist  of  September  last,  And  endlit  the  '3l  s  t  Of  An  g  ni  llnext.  The  report  stated  that  the  committee  had  investigated  the  accounts  of  the'Cn--  kid!considered  the  state  Of  the  income  --  they  were  of  .opinion  that  the  ineorat  estate,  from  all'senreeri,  could  not  be  estimated  for  to,  rent  year  at  more  than  £177,582;  The  Obligatory  exp,  diture,  theV  were  of  opinion,  could  not  be  estimated  at  le,  than  £160,984,  leaving  a'  gross  balance  of  £16,598.  Th  varionst  branches  'of  eiscretionary  for  schools,  churches,  observatory,  cs,:c  '  by  the  council.  amounted  to  £3,147  ;  atinually,  other  inaprOveinents,-  already  eanctioaed  by  the  would  amount  to  .about  £1.950.  These  two'  latter  iten  taken  together  would  ar  'ut  to  £5.097,  which  be  4 STYLE=superscript  deducted  from  the  •  oss  available  surplus  0  4 STYLE=superscript  '  stated  that  la.t  id  expenditiire,  of  the  C  rporat  expenditure,  such  as  th  Tress  balance  of  The  '  10oip.e  ar  townshins,  'rate  if'fic  xoukd  of  ekipß,  :t  - STYLE=superscript  48,526-  lOs  10(1  .  ;  townsiii  herby,  £687.  These  amotini  .11d  . STYLE=superscript  .  If  ti-;c  'there  wou  i(7l,  the  amount  319  is  11(1.  Thee  The  apprnprilt  Mr.  llornb,  notice-  of  tt  council  was  the  report  of  bring  under  the  -•.  ule  committee...,  he  probable  inco  me  and  expenditure  of  th  e  corporation  f  o,  •ii  6  year,  trona'  lst  September  last  to  31st  August  next,  t'arbiehwas  always  presented  to  the  council  upon  this  day.  °The  conteil  would  be  prepared  to  see  that  the..report  of  •)t-410,  cOMnaitte.e  was  far  less  favoorable  than.  had  been  the;  case  for  several  years'!  The  anticipated  surplus  of  ,last  amontithd  to  £30;600.  This  year  it  was  only  'tilited  'at  abeint  '£l'6  600,  hang  a  'difference  of.  Now,  this  difference  did,not  arise  from  any  deficiency  in  the  anticipated  income  of  the  corporation,  which  it  was  calm  ;  tated  would  'exceed  that  ,of  last  year  by  — STYLE=superscript  about  £5,000i  iniconaequence  of  the  increased  productiveness  of  theloWn;  :nut  the  deficiency  arise  in  conseqhenae  of  the  much.larger  anticipated  ,  expenditure-  upon.,  which  they  calculated,  and  :which  would  probably  exceed  that  of  last  year  by  about  £19,000.  The  principal  item  upon  which  the  increase  was  expected  to  take  place  was  the  interest  upon  the  bonded  debt  of  the  corporation,  which  would  exceed  that  of  last  leer  by  :about  £6,700,  and  the  loss  on  'the  ttirkenbe'ad  purchaSe,  :,which  would  be  'about  ,  £7,000  BesideS  toes.two  items  there  would  be  an  increase  in  the  contrihutien  from  the  'Chairman  to  the  Wallasey  embankment  ;  there  Would  be  two  rates  this  year.  instead  of  one,  which  woad  give  an  excess  of.  £1,660.  The  constabulary  expenses  and  county  expense  would  each  be  about  £lOOO  in  excess  of  the  estimate  of  last  year  '  -  and  there  would  b  e  an  excess  in  the  amount  voted  to  the  Mayor  of  Liverpool  of  about  £1,0,0  1 STYLE=superscript  ),  in  consequence  of  the  festivities  caused  by  the  visit  of  his  itoyal  Highness  the  Duke  of  Cambridge.  The  accumula accumulating  ting accumulating  fund  would  also  give  an  increase  of  about  £6OO.  These  items  together  would  amount  to  about  £19,000,  in  consequence  of  the  increase  in  expenditure:  The  eurplus  income  of  the  Corporation  had  l'?en  estimated  by  the  committee  t  6  make  £16,600.  It  appeared  that  the  expenditure  for  the  corporation  schools  was  £2000;  the  observatory  £400;  and  the  amount  which  the  corpora corporation  tion corporation  was  in  the  habit  of  voting  to  the  various  charities  'of  the  town,  and  which  h  e  wou  ld  specially  -.Move  afterwards;  'was  ,e  7-47.  There  would,  therefore,  remain,  after  providing  for  this  expenditure,  and  also  for  £1950,  which  the  council  had  already  voted  for  improvements,  a  Surplus  of  £11,500,  'which  might  be  applied  as  usual  upon  this  ocea  ,, STYLE=superscript  ion  to:  the  relieving  of  the  variens  townships  from.  thapayment  of  the  match  rate.-  Altbough  to  do  this  would  leave  a  small  defi;•  citncy,  of  about  £3OO  As  it  was  estimated,  yet  he  did  riot  think  that  was  any  reason  why  the  ouricil  should  not  vote  Vie  whole  of  that  amount.  A  - STYLE=superscript  saving  of.  £3OO  could  very  easily  be  effected,  and  . STYLE=superscript  he  thought  the  town-cleik  would  tell  the  council  that  there  was-nothing  illegal  in  their  passing  that  vote.  So  long  as  the  :corporation  could  do  it  be  thought  they  were  bound  to,  vote  the  *h  o  l  e  of'  the  amount;  according  t  o  th  e  agreement  made  by  them  with  the  parish.  &lt;Hear,  hear.)  He  wouidnow  move•  in  'the  first  instance  „th,  t  no STYLE=superscript  report  be  flopted.  •  -  The  Mr.  Ho  to  the  e:ifferent  chlrities  of  the'  t  e  annual  ve  Alr:Roraby.then  moved  the  appropriation  of  the  sums  already  mentioned  to  the  relief  of  the  different  townships  from  payment-wi.th  respect  to  the  watch  rate.  The  motion  was  adopted.  Mr.  Hornby  •movci  *  resolution  directing  the  sale  b  auction,  t----  £  --  Pefirs,  01  it  ertv  now  Mr.  Al  land  .mendment  that  the  thorough  proposed  tr  be  referred  .with  a  vies  ,o3~taioin  relieve  the  tra  Mr.  Hac  , STYLE=superscript  lo4  Iseithotight  it  of  land  shinild  ,c  of  G  Knew  mat  par  of  the  town  mu  s  t  b  e  p  er  f  ect  l  y  aware  that  the  communica communicat  t communicat STYLE=superscript  tion  betwfen  that  part  of  Great  Howard.street,  attaj!  the  other  parts  Of  the  town,  very  much  'improvement.  Mr.  llornbv  thought  it  would  he  efteeedinzly  injudicious,  ott  the  part  of  the  council,  to  withdraw  such  a  very  large  portion  of  property,  in  the  prevent  state  of  the  eorporatb  funds;  and,that  merely,  brcanse  of  tome  indistinct  hope'ef  improVement  at  a  future  time  —an  ieeniovement  which,  with  the  eanal.to  go  over,  appeared  to  him  to  be  almost  impracticable.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  council  diyided  upon  the  amendment,  wheo  there  aßeared  ,  .  For  the  amendment  Bradley,  RaydOck,  Godfrey.  son  Alderman•  Bennett-10.  the  motion—Councillors  Anderson,  Woodruff,  Sheil,  M‘Gtitfie,  'Turn  ,, STYLE=superscript  r;  Tvrer,  Holt,  Horrby,  Livingston,  Ban Ban/I.er,  /I.er, Ban/I.er,  Pernihoilzh,  jeff'reys,  Gladstone,  jun.,  Wagstaff,  frinence,  Tobin.  Fleming,  Brancker,  Lloyd,  Joh  nson  ,  Beckwith,  Aiki  n  ,  Robertson,  Farrnworth,Greson,  lialhead  ;  Aldernieti  •Langsdole,  Preston,  Dover,  Parker,  Turner,  G  - STYLE=superscript  4rdner,  ;Bramley-Moore,  Holm  e,  the  Mayor-31.  The  amendrneatwas  accordingly  lost;  The  rosolutichi  was  the'refore  adopted.  Mr.  Rornby  then  mated  the  confirmation  of  the  general  preeedings.  r STYLE=superscript  iooncillorg  Stewart,  Nicholqor,  arle,  Pi&amp;m,  Kitchen,  Hod.  Mr.  Robertson  asked  for  the  correspondence  which  taken-place  between  the  receiver  of  the  Adlniolty•droits  the  water  bailiff.  •  The  Town  .Ciork  said,  the  correspondence  havolyed  further  correspondetzee  with  the  Board  of  Trade,  which  had  been  only  received  yeatbrday,  and  had  not  yet  been  laid  .before  the  water-bailiff's  Bub-committee  of  the  ffaance  committee.  •  ,3 STYLE=superscript  4r.itobertson  :  Then,  rpreittme,  ere  'can  have  it  at  the  next  council  ?  -  The  Town  Clerk  :  We  can  bring  the  whole  before  you  at  the  next  council,  if  you  think  proper.  Mr.  Robertson  expressed  himself  satisfied  With  this  assu  ranee.  .  .  The  geaieral  proceedings  of  th  e  committee  were  than  confirmed.  WATCH  COMMITTEE  :  THE  POLICE  I  The  proceedings  ot  the  watch  committee  included:  certain  resolutions  having  reference  to  what  passed  at  the  last  meet.:  ;44:0f  the  touncil  on  the  alleged  existence  of  bribery  in  the  police  force,  and  on  the  mode  in  which  investigations  into  charges  of  bribery  have  been  conducted.  The  first  of  these  resolutions  was  in  the  following  terms  ‘  4 STYLE=superscript  Thit,  after  the  remarks  male  on  the  conduct  of  the  `aairm  au,  tae  t STYLE=superscript  the  last  meeting  of  th  e  counc  il  ,  the  committee  ,embracerliest  opportunity  of  expressing,  in  the  Atrungest  manner,  their  co  n  fid  ence  in  him,  and  of  be  ar  i  ng  testimony  to  the  undeviating  rectitude  of  his  character,  his  strict  honesty  of  wirpose,  his  unremitting  attention  'ts  the,  duties  of  his  office.  and  his  ttrge,o  in  their  This  wps,  followed  by  an  ther  resolutiOn  t  o  the  sham  ti  effect,  an'A  almo  s  t  in  the  same,  words,  having  refereneel4  ,  the,Yige-cb:lirmap,  .  .  Then  came  this  further  resolution  :  The  attention  of  the  committee  having  been  called  tq  -lade  by  T.  L.  Hodson,  El  ,  brante  thd  -  , STYLE=superscript  elc  being  given  to,!  the  polite-for.ce'  l STYLE=superscript  t(i  '''  o STYLE=superscript  ol  !that  a  * STYLE=superscript  special  etimmittee:  the  statement  Council  pregOnt  irrforr  eonsistinb  of  or STYLE=superscript  the  t  h  Nva  c  comm  tt  appointed  t  the  the  to,  quire  into  d  report  upon  sac.  tv:  rite  — STYLE=superscript  to  i;  `eff6id'tf  regtestinz  8  nhon  ,t  An  arch, STYLE=superscript  day  him,  el  It  app,ared,  Inittee  1 STYLE=superscript  '  Com-  Rodson  In  aeon'  whereup,  t  the,22l.d  '  two  e'ch.  would  thatk  luoi  to_  -  e  to  affordti  tnt  tieerat—  committee  any  intormation  be  might  .poSseSs,  &#34;'aid STYLE=superscript  ,t STYLE=superscript  hem  in  their  investigation.  The  special  committee  'set  accordingly,  time  and  place  appointed,  but  gl',  t  the'  rt  to  iafor  tenA  .tha  mereti"
