text
"GENERAL  (Wind  at  Liverpool,  West  South  West,  fresh)  at  3  p.m.  High  water—Morning,  3  12  ;  Evening,  3  36  ;  Hetht,  II  5.  ARRIVED.  Jordeson,  Lelean,  Alexandria  Dispatch,  French,  Malaga  Boaphorous,  --  Buenos  Ayres  Rising  Sun,  Moore.  Hambro  Speedy,  Mediterranean  Balmoral,  Quebec  All  at  Liverpool.  Figlio,  Camalich,  Liverpool,  at  Trieste  Immacalata.  Cacace,  Liverpool,  at  Trieste  Gratitude,  Dugdal,  sailed  from  Cadiz  for  Li Liverpool  verpool Liverpool  Oct.  12th  Margaret  (s),  Simpson,  Liverpool,  at  Havre  Concordia,  Pekeler,  Liverpool,  at  Cuxhaven  GRANGEMOUTH,  Oct.  21st.  Arrived—Achilles,  Suhn,  from  Hamburg,  Comet,  Nurse,  Dantzic  ;  Stag,  Ivanstag,  Dantzic  ;  Louria,  Holm,  Memel;  Varight,  Venskabe,  Bentzen,  Dram  ;  Ankathor,  Christiansen,  Dram.  Sailed..  Garrel,  Craig,  Pillau.  CLYDE,  Oet.  21st.  Arrived..  Eagle.  Wilkie,  from  Malta;  Elgin.  MgCkukian,  from  Archangel;  Antoniette  Maria,  Veroni,-  from  Odessa;  Eva,  Hick,  from  Saloniea.  L  NEW  YORK,  October  1  0  —ARIIIVED.  From  Liverpool,  ship  Savatoga,  Trask,  Aug.  20th  ;  sailed,  Sep.  13th  ;  fell  in  with  the  Norwegian  barque,  Family  Hope.  from  Quebec  to  London,  lumber  loaded  and  water-logged  ;  took  off  captain  and  crew,  also  the  following  cabin  passengers  :—Mrs.  Miller,  Mrs.  Camp Campbell,  bell, Campbell,  two  children  and  servant,  and  Mrs  Trask.  William  Hitchcock  arrived  on  the  10th  from  Havre  ;  experienced  a  hurricane  from  W.S.  W.,  on  the  10th  Sep.,  in  lat  46.30.  lon.  27,  11th  Sep.  in  lat.  49  lon.  28  ;  passed  the  ship  Metro Metropolis,  polis, Metropolis,  from  Liverpool  for  New  York,  laying  head  to  the  eastward,  with  nothing  but  main  spencer  and  main-topmast  stay-sail  set,  having  the  day  previous  lost  foremast  and  all  attached  main-top  gallant-mait,  jlb-boom,  and  all  her  sails  blown  entirely  from  the  gaskets,  it  blow blowing  ing blowing  strong  from  the  northward  at  the  time;  could  not  get  near  enough  to  speak  her.  FISHGUARD,  October  21.  The  Sat,  William  and  Mary,  Bragg.  of  and  from  Liverpool  to  Bristol,  parted  her  chain  yes yesterday,  terday, yesterday,  and  drove  ashore  on  the  Goodwin  Sands,  where  she  sank  a  great  part  of  her  cargo  was  washed  out,  and  the  remainder  damaged.  SHIELDS.  October  21.  The  Edward,  Carron,  reported  yesterday  as  the  William  Carson,  from  Liverpool,  with  salt  got  on  the  Muscle  Scrap  yesterday,but  cameo  next  tide  without  damage.  ST.  PIERRE,  NEWFOUNDLAND,  Sep.  25.  The  Clyde,  from  Liverpool  to  Quebec,  is  on  shore  at  Black  Cape  ;  should  the  weather  con continue  tinue continue  fair,  much  of  the  cargo  is  to  be  got  out,  but  the  slightest  wind  from  S.E.  will  break  her  up  BOSTON,  October  11  The  wreck  of  a  large  vessel,  apparently  a  long  time  in  that  situation,  was  passed,  25th  Aug.,  in  lat.  24,  N.  lon.  131  W.  A  large  ship  was  seen  ashore,  22nd  Aug.,  on  Whitney's  Island,  near  P8_TB00055 t  1,2  r(4. STYLE=superscript  1  . STYLE=superscript  Net  (ihti"
