text
"PEACE  CONFERENCE  IN  EDINB  URGH.  The  Annual  Conference  of  the  Peace  Society  was  held  in  the  Music  Hall,  Edinburgh,  on  Wednesday  Afternoon,  when  there  was  a  large  attendance  of  membersandvisitors.  Amongst  those  on  the  platform  were  the  following  members  of  Par Parliament  liament Parliament  :—Charles  Cowan  Esq  Richard  Cobden,  Esq.,  John  Bright,  Esc.,  George  Hadfield,  Esq.,  Charles  Hindley,  Esq.,  J.  B.  Smith,  Esq.,  Jas.  Bell,  Esq.,  Edward  Miall,  Esq.,  Lawrence  Heyworth,  Esq.,  Joseph  Crook,  Esq.,  Thos  Brigs,  Esq.  ;  besides  these,  there  was  a  numerous  attendance  of  distinguished  strangers  from  England  ;  Clergymen  of  various  denominations,  &amp;c.  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  COBDEN,  the  Lord  Provost  of  Edin Edinburgh  burgh Edinburgh  was  called  to  preside  at  the  meeting,  and  on  taking  the  chair,  that  gentleman  delivered  a  brief,  but  animated  address.  The  Conference  was  afterwards  addressed  by  Mr.  Miall,  M.P.,  Mr.  Richards,  Mr.  Cobden,  Mr.  Hadfield  and  others.  MR.  COBDEN  '  who  was  the  principal  speaker,  was  fre frequently  quently frequently  cheered  during  the  delivery  of  his  speech.  He  took  credit  to  the  Peace  Society  and  himself,  for  their  predictions  respecting  Louis  Napoleon  and  this  country  having  been  realized,  and  then  proceeded  to  refer  to  matters  in  the  East.  lie  said,  that  the  present  position  in  which  this  country  was  placed  with  reference  to  the  Russian  empire,  was  distinctly  to  be  traced  to  the  foolish  conduct  of  those  people,  who,  nine  or  twelve,  months  ago,stated,  that  Louis  Napoleon  intended  to  invade  England.  That  which  bad  been  done  in  the  East  by  the  Emperor,  was  done  on  the  deliberate  calculation,  that  it  was  impossible  that  England  and  France  could  unite  again.  (Cheers.)  Referring  to  the  probability  of  this  country  engaging  in  war  against  Russia  on  the  Turkish  question,  the  honourable  gentleman  remarked  Now,  if  you  go  to  war  at  all,  it  is  of  all  things  necessary  to  know  what  you  are  going  to  war  for,  otherwise  you  may  incur  the  expenses  of  a  war,  and  find  that  you  ,may  fail  to  accomplish  the  object  which  you  expected.  I  can  tell  you  that,  not  only  not  all  the  horses  of  the  king's  men,  but  all  the  horses  of  all  the  kings  in  the  world,  cannot  maintain  the  Mahommedan  population  of  Turkey  in  Europe.  There  are  seeds  of  &amp;Pay  founded  in  that  population,  which,  in  the  very  nature  of  things,  you  cannot  combat  by  fleets  and  (Cheers.)  *  *  •  •  I  want  to  show  you,  if  you  are  going  to  fight  at  all,  what  you  are  going  to  fight  about.  You  are  going  to  fight  about  Mahommedanism  in  Europe.  I  say  the  laws  of  the  Koran  are  in  opposition  to  the  laws  of  nature  and  of  God,  and  the  Mahommedan  people  subjected  to  that  Koran  cannot  be-  perpetuated  in  Europe  alongside  the  Christian  population.  (Hear,  and  cheers.)  I  don't  wish  a  religious  war.  I  want  you  to  leave  them  alone,  and  if  '  you  do,  you  will  soon  see  the  operations  of  these  laws.  In  Turkey  there  are  from  ten  to  twelve  millions  of  Christians,  and  three  or  four  millions  of  Turks.  Well,  the  Turks  have  been  for  many  thousand  years  a  dominant  race.  They  have  had  all  the  power  of  the  country.  They  have  administered  the  laws.  They  are  the  sole  part  of  the  population  who  have  been  armed,  and  the  Christians  have  .been  treated  like  dogs,  and  are  called  so.  They  have  no  ocial  status  whatever.  The  Koran  acknowledge*  no  .elationship  between  Mahommedans  and  Christians  when  ;übjected  to  its  authority.  Well,  in  spite  of  all  this,  what  a  the  remit  ?  At  this  moment  the  Turks  are  a  decaying  Lamartine  '  who  is  disposed  to  be  friendly  to  them,  ;ays  that  Turkey  is  declining  for  want  of  Turks.  Notwith Notwith;tanding  ;tanding Notwith;tanding  all  their  advantages,  ,the  Turks  are  declining  and  liminishing  in  numbers,  while  the  Christians  are  constantly  increasing  by  their  The  hon.  gentleman,  after  stat stating  ing stating  that  there  was  no  treaty  binding  England  to  defend  Turkey,  and  asserting  that  Turkey  was  no  more  our  ally  than  Russia,  concluded  by  expressing  his  conviction  that  we  should  have  no  war  before  April,  as  November  was  not,  from  the  nature  of  the  climate,  the  time  to  commence  hos-  tilities.  The  council  met  again  in  the  evening,  w  hen  spiritei  addresses  were  delivered  by  Mr.  Bright,  M.  P.,  and.  othe]  gentlemen.  HER  MAJESTY'S  RETURN  FROM  SCOTLAND.—Her  majesty  and  suit  were  to  leave  Balmoral  yesterday,  by  Ball Ballder  der Ballder  to  Banchory,  whence  the  royal  party  would  proceed  by  railway.  Great  preparations  were  making  by  the  Deesidc  railway  company.  The  train  was  to  leave  Bonchroy  at  11-  , STYLE=superscript  40,  Aberdeen  about  12-35, STYLE=superscript  and STYLE=superscript  was STYLE=superscript  ex STYLE=superscript  p  ected STYLE=superscript  to STYLE=superscript  reach STYLE=superscript  Edin., STYLE=superscript  burgh  about  seven  o'clock  last  evening.  The  youthful  pima  Arthur  and  Leopold,  and  the  princess  Louisa,  were  also  tc  leave  Osborn,  Isle  of  Wight,  yesterday,  for  Windsor  Castle  so  as  to  be  in  time  to  meet  their  illustrious  parents  on  thei  arrival  from  Scotland.  This  morning  the  royal  party  wi]  leave  Edinburgh  for  the  South,  and  will  arrive  at  Presto]  station  at  two  o'clock,  where  her  majesty  will  remain  fo  fifteen  minutes  to  take  huacheon."
