text
"for  their  So  they  never  liked  him  pro properly,  perly, properly,  until  he  knocked  to  the  ferule  of  our  Manchester  and  became,  by  lapse  of  time,  a  fine,  venerable,  submissive,  sagacious,  and  highly  respectable  old  peer.  That  is  the  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  ideal  of  him,  Mr.  Checks  is  happy  to  say;  and  if  it  is  not  embodied  in  the  piece  of  chisel 'chiselling'  chosen,  he  should  be  glad  if  we  would  inform  him  where  to  find  it.  Mr.  Checks  proceeds  however—somewhat  rudely  as  we  think  at  the  time—to  bother  our  ideals.  Statues,  he  declares,  are  not  erected  so  much  to  idealise  or  honour  greatness  as  to  show  we  are  on  the  of  its  acquaintances.  He  (Mr.  Checks)  himself  does  not  wriggle  and  struggle  to  shake  Mr.  Thackeray  by  the  hand,  for  Mr.  T.'s  private  glori glorification,  fication, glorification,  but  that  it  may  be  known  and  seen  that  he,  Checks,  has  had  him  by  the  hand.  And  why  ?  is  nothing—but  Checks  plus  an  eminent  novelist's  acquaintance  is  something.  It  redounds  to  his  Just  so  with  statues.  They  re 'redound'  to  all  our  credits.  Boots  at  the  Albion  can  tell  the  unshaved  foreigner  as  he  looks  out  of  window  in  the  early  morning,  That  is  our  Peel,  sir,  the  great  statesman  ;  the  other  's  Jewk  cost  15  or  17  thousand  pounds,  I  cannot  rightly  say  whether.  There  is  another  Peel,  in  Salford  sir,  but  him  and  the  Jewk  is  very  much  alike,  special  the  Jelck.  We  have  another  sir,  as  I've  heard  say,  but  he  's  marble,  and  under  cover,  sir,  some somewhere  where somewhere  about  All  this,  Mr.  Checks  informs  us,  is  interesting  to  and  lots  them  know  we  can  appre appreciate  ciate appreciate  Does  he  or  Manchester  care  for  the  thing  in  itself?  Very  likely  not.  Manchester  is  no  show  He  could  not  live  in  it  if  it  was.  He  should  have  nothing  to  live  on.  But  when  cockneys  and  with  their  Roman  togas  and  chains  and  tell  them  they  have  not  a  thought  above  money  making,  it  is  quite  right  for  the  men—that  is,  the  leading  men  —to  come  handsomely,  and  show  they  can  spend  it  too.  Did  he  come  down  ?  why  no— nohe  he nohe  didn't,  he  has  not  begun  that  kind  of  thing  but  the  principle  's  the  Mr.  Checks  admits  that  possibly  we  may  do  a  and,  at  tile  same  tune,  aaa  an  -  to  our  town.  Are  they  not  doing  so  now.  Perhaps.  we  prefer  No.  3,  in  an  ornamental  point  of  view.  And  it  shows  under  what  a  misfortune  we  labour  in  not  having  a  cultivated  appreciation  of  art.  We;  are  all  for  nature  and  extravagance,  exceptional  attitudes,  and  exuberant  action.  But  the  mission  of  is  to  nature  and  quench  extrava extravavance..  vance.. extravavance..  Art  must  be  chaste—says  Mr.  Checks—or  .nothing  Before  a  man  can  become  the  fine  gentle gentleman,  man, gentleman,  or  a  hero  the  fine  statue,  there  must  be  got  rid  of  '  much  of  the  man  and  most  of  the  hero.  To  enter  ball-rooms  and  mount  pedestals  with  pro  piety,  gentlemen  and  statues  must  be  equally  quiet  in  Things  that  are  stuck  always  to  be  one's  asserts  Mr.  Checks  in  continuation,  should  be  in  the  least  likely  form  to  attract,  that  is'  distract  attention.  With  a  head  running  on  orders,  or  it  would  never  do  to  be  suddenly  scared  out  of  your  five  by  a  fellow  waving  a  drawn  or  a  charger  kicking  up  behind  and  before  and  in  a  hive  of  industry  like  . STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Cheeks  would  on  no  account  have  such  an  example  placed  before  the  rising  •  generation  as  four  lazy  personations  sprawling  •at  noonday  on!  the  flags  like  Neapolitan  In  this.  his  noble  and  right  reverend  neighbours  knew  .  better  what  was  good  for  us  '  than  some  of  us  (evidently  meaning  your  commissioner  knew  ourselves.  Above  all  any  selection,  made  for  this  intelligent  and  highly  mercantile'  community  must  be  It  would  never  do:  for  Manchester  to  compromise  its  budding  respec-  . STYLE=superscript  tability  by  doing  anything  of  the  Iti  might  make  a  but  might  be—laughed  at,'  Now,  a  statue  standing  firm  on  its  and:  held  on  by  a  reasonable  quantity  of  colossal.  drapery  behind  is  respectable,  time  honored,  and  'very  There  is  not  a  laugh  a  of  such.  F.  M.  the  Duke's  statue  fulfils  these  requirements—is  and  '  far  Pppl's.  which  is  a  consi consideration.  deration. consideration.  Choose  a  scrambling  group  Julie  iv.,  and  where  would  put  it.  In  the  middle  ?  Very  likely;  then  immediately  be  running  after  a  second  lot  of  leading  men  for  subscribers  ;  looking  up  another  great  man,  not  too  great  for  them  to  agree  about,  and  all  to  put  things.  which  ought  never  to  have  been  other-,  wise.  Let  well  alone,  and  be  thankful,  concludes  Mr.i  Checks,  as  we  rise  to  go  home.  The  duke's  may  be  a  little  of  the  order  of  he  soothingly  adds;  but  now  the  is  done,  and  our  love  and  esteem  all  recorded,  it  will  finish  the  sentence  like  a  fine  old  note  of  We  are  fond  of  and  Mr.  Checks  makes  us.a  present  of  Having  had  all  the  talk  to  himself,  .and  the  argu argument  ment argument  entirely  his  own  way  for  the  last  half  hour,  Mr.  Checks  descends  for  his  coat  in  the  best  of  humors.  He  assures  us  on  the  stairs  that  the  evening  has  passed  very  pleasantly.  Though  we  have  much  to  learn  in  he  likes  our  com company  pany company  none  the  worse  for  it.  A  man  cannot  know  but  he  can  and  being  that,  he  is  the  man  for  Mr.  Checks,  who  respects  individuality  above  all  Being  presently  elaborately  muffled  against  cold,  he  bids  us,  in  his  jocular  way,  Ta-ta!  and  dis disappears.  appears. disappears.  We  ourselves  walk  thoughtfully  homewards,  looking  much  at  the  stars,  and  wondering  what  had  come  Mr.  Checks.  Our  opinions  are  usually  identical.  We  expected  they  would  be  so  this  evening.  In  this,  it  seems,  we  were  mistaken.  Probably  for  the  first  time  in  the  experience  of,  Sir,  your  obedient  servant,  and  FINE  ART  Manchester,  Dec.  3,  1853.  CHRISTMAS  DAY.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  SlR.—Christmas  Day  falling  on  a  Sunday  will  prove  a  great  disappointment  to  many  who  look  forward  to  it  as  a  day  when  they  can  enjoy  them themselves  selves themselves  without  restraint.  The  working  men  who  slave  all  the  year  round  to  support  their  wives  and  families,  and  who  scrape  together  the  little  money  they  can  spare  to  have  a  merry-making  with  their  friends,  would  it  not  be  unkind  of  us  to  overlook  them?  Should  we  not  have  compassion  on  them  and  do  our  best  to  bring  the  public  to  consent  to  making  Monday  the  20th  inst.  a  geueiul  1.v1  3  day-.  But  it.  is  not  only  they  who  will  feel  lit  but  we  our ourselves.  selves. ourselves.  We  like  to  have  a  song  after  our  plum  pudding  as  well  as  they.  We  like  to  have  our  friends  round  us  ;  we  do  not  like  to  be  restrained  by  anything  when  old  Christmas  with  his  hoary  head  comes  round  and  bids  us  be  merry;  we  can cannot  not cannot  refuse  the  invitation.  So  let  us  my  friends  join  with  one  consent  in  having  a  jollification  on  the  Monday,  and  we  shall  have  the  gratification  of  knowing  that  we  have  contributed  towards  the  pleasure  of  our  countrymen.  W.  L.  F.  THE  LENDING  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  SlR,—Knowing  your  desire  on  all  occaasions  to  use  your  rapidly  increasing  influence  in  the  cause  of  progress,  I  am  induced  to  address  you  upon  a  subject  of  considerable  importance  to  the  middle  and  working  classes  of  Liverpool.  It  is  with  reference  to  the  hours  of  admission  to  the  free  lending  libraries  in  Park-lane  and  Brown-  - STYLE=superscript  low-hill.  At  present,  the  libraries  are  open  for  the  distri distribution  bution distribution  of  books,  on  Tuesdays  and  Fridays,  between  the  hours  of  seven  and  nine  p.m.  I  do  not  intend  to  complain  either  of  the  days  selected,  or  of  the  length  of  time  allowed  for  appli application,  cation, application,  as  no  fault  can  be  found  with  either.  My  object  in  addressing  you  is,  to  endeavour  to  induce  the  authorities  to  open  the  library  at  six  instead  of  seven.  _  .  .  ------  As  the  hours  of  admission  now  stand,  many  of  the  residents  on  the  Cheshire  side,  and  in  the  sub•  urbs  of  Liverpool,  are  prevented  by  the  lateness  of  the  hour;  from  availing  themselves  of  the  great  ad advantages  vantages advantages  which  this  noble  institution  offers  to  its  members.  To  the  working  man  also,  the  change  I  propose  would  be  a  great  boon.  The  greater  part  of  those  employed  in  manual  labour  cease  working  at  six  p.m.;  if,  therefore,  they  want  to  obtain  a  work  oat  of  the  library,  they  must  wait  an  hour,  and  very  probably  pass  their  idle  time  in  some  public-house  ;  where  the  .beneficial  effects  resulting  from  their,  membership  in  the  library  will  be  more  than  cowl cowlterbalanced  terbalanced cowlterbalanced  by  th  e  w  o  rk  of  th  a  t  s  i  n  gle'  hour  of  idleness.  If  the  committee  of  management  find  it  imprac-"
