text
"THE  MUNICIPAL  ELECTION.  According  to  present  appearance's,  it  is  unlikely  that  there  will  be  contests  in  many  of  the  Wards  at  the  approaching  Municipal  Election.  Up  to  the  present  time  the  only  Ward  where  two  Candidates  have  declared  themselves,  is  Vauxhall,  in  which,  the  retiring  member,  Mr.  Nicholson,  is  opposed  by  Mr.  Daniel  Powell,  corn-merchant,  and,  it  is  believed,  the  contest  will  be  an  exceedingly  close  one.  _  For  West  Derby  Ward,  it  is  understood  that  Mr.  James  Marko  Wood;  the  retiring  member,  'does  not  again  come  forward,  and  we  are  glad  to  'perceive  that,  in  answer  to  a  re requisition  quisition requisition  which  has  been  presented  to  him,  Mr.  William  Earle  has  consented  to  come  forward.  Mr.  William  Earle's  address,  which  was  issued  on  Saturday  evening  is  bold,  manly,  and  altogether  characteristic  of  the  independence  and  thorough  honesty  of  the  writer.  We  congratulate  the  elec electors  tors electors  of  the  ward  in  having  brought  Mr.  Earle  forward,  for  a  better  selection  could  not  •  have  been  made.  Mr.  Earle's  long  services  to  the  public  are  well  known,  and  we  sincerely  hope  that  he  will  be  elected  by  a  large  majority,  should  any  opposition  to  •  his  return  be  offered,  which  we  think  very  improbable.  Mr.  Earle  is  one  of  those  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  of  high  standing  and  character,  who  never•ought  to  have  been  excluded  from.  the  Council,  and  we  feel  sure  that  his  re-admission  into  the  municipal  chamber  will•  be  hailed  with  pleasure  by  all  parties  who  admire  sterling  honesty,  and  inflexible  independence  in  our  municipal  representatives.  In  Abereromby  Ward,  we  understand  that'  the  retiring  member,  Mr.  It.  C.  Gardner;  is  to  be  opposed  by  a  gentleman  of  considerable  standing,  wiiose  name  will  very  likely  be  before  the  public  in  a  day  or  two..  •  The  Great  Crosby  Goose  Feast,  famous  in  the  annals  of  Lancashire,  and  One  of  the  remaining  fetes  of  the  present,  suggestive  of  the  past,  commenced  at  Great  Crosby,  yesterday.  Mr.tobart  Parsons,  of  the  warehousing  clops  ment  of  the  Liverpool  Castom-houge,  was  committed  by  1  magistrates  of  Wells,  Somerset,  on  Thursday  last,  to  t  his  trial  at  the  next  Taunton  assizes,  for  bigamy.  He  been  liberated  on  bail.  .  COMMITTAL  FOR  PERJURY  AT  THE  CORONER'S  COURT.—In  the  case  of  Captain  Webster,  Who  died  sud suddenly  denly suddenly  on  Friday  morning,  as  mentioned..in  our  last  issue,  the  woman  with  whom  he  had  lived  in  Edmond-street,  attended  the  inquest  held  on  Saturday,  and  swore  that  she  was  his  wife.  After  some  time,  another  woman  'Made  an  application  to  the  Coroner,  and  stated  that  the  woman  who  had  given  evidence,  was  not  the  wife  Of  the  deeedied;  but  only  a  para paraniour  niour paraniour  cohabiting  with  him,  and  that  she  (the  applicant)  was  Captain  Webster's  wife.  The  beadle  of  the  court  was  im immediately  mediately immediately  despatched  for  the  woman,  and  on  her  being  brought  into  court,  Mr.  Clough,  the  in-door  Superintendent  .of  Police,  was  sent  for,  and  she  Was  . STYLE=superscript  given  into  custody  for  perjury.  The  jury  then  considered,  that  Under  the  circum circumstances  stances circumstances  she  was  not  worthy  of  credit,  and  the  inquest  was  adjourned  until  this  day,  Or  a  poit  . STYLE=superscript  niortOit  '  o:  the,  body.  •  •  •  •"
