text
"FROM  OUR  LONDON  CORRESPONDENT.  LONDON,  THURSDAY  AFTERNOON  I  have  nothing  new.  to  •  Communicate  with  regard  to  the  state  of  our  political  relations—by  of  course  meaning  our  connection  with  the  quarrel  between  - STYLE=superscript  Turkey  and  Russia.  Things  are  just  in  that  sort  of  position  in  which  a  sufferer  feels  in  the  chair  of  the  dentist,  immediately  be before  fore before  the  rebellious  member  within  being  twitched  by  the  remorseless  grasp  of  the  or  the  The  catastrophe  has  not  arrived,  but  we  Eire  upon  the  point  of  it  ;  and  in  the  meantime  are  compelled  to  endure  the  inconceivable  agonies  of  suspense.  ,  The  Cabinet,  which  yesterday  sat  from  twelve  o'clock  till  five—a  duration  which  sufficiently  marks  the  gravity  of  their  deliberations,  was  occupied,  as  I  am  informed;exclusively  with  the  news  that  had  arrived  the  same  morning,  of  the  the  Turk's  hav having  ing having  declared  war,  and  of  the  measures  to  be  taken  in  consequence.  The  hope  of  peace  is  not  yet  abandoned;  but  mean  while  preparations  are  made  for  the  opposite  ContingenCy.  On  these  two  points  the  Cabinet  have  arrived  at  conclusions  unani unanimously,  mously, unanimously,  though  what  these  conclusions  are  the  external  world  can  only  learn  by  the  developments  of  time.  Immediately  after  the  couriers  were  despatched  to  Paris,  Berlin,  lZienna,  Constan Constantinople,  tinople, Constantinople,  and  St  •  Petersburgh.  I  believe  that  al although  though although  hostilities  may,  have  already  broken  out  ;  confidence  is  still  placed  in  the  efforts  of  diplo diplomacy—in  macy—in diplomacy—in  fact  every  thing  possible  is  to  be  done  to  avoid  precipitating  Europe  into  war.  But,  a  plan  both  of  active  and  passive  operations  has  been  concerted  between  Paris  and  London,  which  plan,  if  the  proceedings  of  Russia  renders  necessary,  is  to  be  vigorously  followed.  The  object  of  it  is,  to  finish  the  business  in  the  first  campaign,  by  powerful  efforts  on  vulnerable  quarters,  for  if  the  maxim  is,  that  we  cannot  have  a  little  war,  it  ought  to  follow  that  we  cannot  'have  a  long  war.  In  Paris  public  attention  is  almost  exclAsively  turned  to  this  , STYLE=superscript  subject.  The  speech  of  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  at  Manchester,  has  been  received  here  with  pro profonfid  fonfid profonfid  attention.  Nothing  could  have  been  more  appropriate  than  the  right  hon.  gentleman's  allu allusion  sion allusion  to  the  late  Sir  Robert  Peel  ;  and  a  member  of  the  Reform  Club  observed  to  me,  a  few  minutes  ago,  that  it  was  . STYLE=superscript  more  'pacific  than  the  Peace  So Society.  ciety. Society.  Certainly  there  are  passages  in  it  which  that  organization  may,  if  they  choose,  call  in  aid;  but  the  general  spirit  which  pervades  the  whole  is  that  we  are  not  afraid  of  nor  unprepared  for  war,  either  in  respect  'to  money,  materials,  or  men.  The  paper  duties  .are  certainly  doomed.  Another  Cabinet  has  been  summoned,  for  Satur-  I  believe.  •  •  .  RUSSIA  AND  TURKEY  Advices  have  .  been  received  through  the  Sub Submarine  marine Submarine  Telegragh,  via  the  Hague,  stating  that  the  Lloyd  steamer  arrived  at  Trieste  on  Wednesday  (the  12th),  with  news  from  Constantinople  to  the  3rd  instant.  These  advices  confirm  the  statement  that  the  Turkish  manifestO  had  been  issued;  and  they  add  that  new  levies  of  .troops  have  been  ordered  The  navigation  of  the  Danube  and  the  Black  Sea  is  stopped.  The  remaining  Russian  functionaries  have  left  Turkey.  A  private  letter  from  Constantinople  of  the  Ist,  says  the  Patric,  states  that  Reschid  - STYLE=superscript  Pacha  had  just  been  chosen  by  the  Divan,.  to  go  in  person  to  General  Gortschakoff,  the  commander-in.-chief  of  the  Russian  troop  . STYLE=superscript  %  in  the  Danubian  Principali Principalities,  ties, Principalities,  to  make  known  to  him  the  resolutions  of  the  A  letter  from  Bucharest,  of  the  30th  ult.,  in  the  Breslau  Gazette,  says  Prince  Menschikoff  is  ex  pected  here  in  a  few  days.  It  is  said  that  Prince  Gortschakoff,  the  commander-in-chief  of  the  Rus Russian  sian Russian  army,  has  already  announced  that  the  Prince  will  take  in  hand  the  government  of  the  Another  letter  of  the  29th,  from  the  same  place,  s'aYs—&#34;  The  westward  march  of  Russian  troops  through  this  city  continues,  and  the  number  of  arrivals  increases:  On  the  26th,  came  four  batta battalions  lions battalions  of  Jagers,.and  32  six-pounders;  on  the  27th,  eight  battalions  of  Jagers,  and  to-day,  three  batta battalions,  lions, battalions,  also  Jagers,  with  their  baggage.  To-day  l  e  l STYLE=superscript  t STYLE=superscript  i-  t STYLE=superscript  -  Prince  Gortschakbff  'inusters  tho-  foevol  and  corpsSe  •  Aleko  Ghika,  Magurete,  Kalugare  n, STYLE=superscript  banetschi.  General  Luders  came  here  three  days  ago  A  private  letter  from  Constantinople  of  the  Ist,  says  that  after  the  declaration  of  war  the  repre representatives  sentatives representatives  of  the  various  Powers  had  paid  a  visit  to  the  Sultan,  His  Highness  requested  them  to'  assure  their  respective  Sovereigns  that  his  wish  was  to  settle.  his  .  differences  with  the  Emperor  of  Russia  amicably;  but  he  added  ;  that  his  ancestors  had  captured  Constantinople  with  sword  in  hand,  and  that  if  fate  or  dained  that  it  should  fall  to  ano  th  e  r  master,  the  Turks  would  quit  the  country  sword  in  hand,  or  die  as  soldiers  for  their  national  faith.  FRANCE  -  The  Emperor  and  Empress  of  France  left  Paris  on  Wednesday,  for  Compeigne,  where  they  intend  to  sojourn  for  a  fortnight.  Their  Majesties  were  loudly  •cheered  on  their  departure  from  the  North Northern  ern Northern  Railway.  The  Constitutionnel  is  of  opinion  that  should  war  take  place  between  Russia  and  Turkey,  England  and  France  will  actively  join  the  Sultan  in  carrying  on  hostilities  against  Russia,  Vet  that  Austria  and.  Prussia  will  not  enter  the  battle  field,  their  inter intervention  vention intervention  proceeding  no  further  than  the  exercise  of:  their  moral  and  diplomatic  efforts  to  prevent  the  European  equilibrium  from  being  destroyed,  as  guarranteed  by  the  treaties  of  1840  - STYLE=superscript  and  1841.  The  funds  declined  on  Wednesday,  the  Three  per  Cents.  closing  at  72f.  65c.,  and  the  Four-and-a-  Half  per  Cents.  at  99f.  25c."
