text
"NAPLES,  We  extract,  from  a  letter  dated  Naples,  Dec.  29.  the  following  :--Every  day  has  its  wonder,  and  that  of  to  day  is,  that  M.  Brenier  has  wrought  a  miracle  upon  the  Royal  -mind,  and  disposed  it  favourably  to  the  Allies.  Such  is  the  report  stated  .  •  •  _  _  )ns,  and  by  people  who  It  is  added  that  the  feet  to  be  well  informed  will  sen  .t  a  contingent  to  the  Crimea,  and,  lastly,  it  is  asserted  that  the  Emperor  of  Austria  is  *visit  to  this  Court,  and  that  a  long  is  in  prospect.  wrought  on  the  subject  contemplati  es  of  splendid  fête,  )  highly  M.  B  rother's  sion  '  that  I  do  not  wo  n  d  er  a  t  anything  that  is  said  o  f  the  results,  and  as  to  the  contingent,  the  report  of  such  a  measure  appears  to  m  e  to  flow  very  naturally  from  the  large  levy  of  troops.  It  is  an  evident  effort  to  explain  a  diffi difficulty.  culty. difficulty.  With  respect  to  the  visit  of  the  Emperor  Austria  I  know  nothing,  but  that  orders  have  been  given  to  high  Court  officers  to  make  preparations  for  fetes  on  a  scale  of  great  splendour.  Of  this  there  can  be  no  doubt.  The  Court,  too,  are  coming  to  Naples.  Everything  seems  to  indicate  that  we  are  on  the  eve  of  great  events.  After  having  given  you  reports,  and  attempts  at  explanation  of  the  grounds  of  them,  let  me  now  tell  you  what  I  have  received  as  certain.  That  Mons.  Brenier  has  ex expressed  pressed expressed  himself  pleased  with  his  reception  by  His  Majesty,  though  baffled  in  his  wishes  to  treat  directly  with  the  King.  The  Royal  manner  was  very  gracious.  It  is  stated  too  that  Mons.  Brenier  has  every  hope  of  accomplishing  the  object  of  his  wishes,  whatever  they  may  be.  The  French  Government  steamer  which  brought  him  is  still  here,  and  waits  his  orders  to  carry  off  results,  or  to  seek  for  further  instructions.  We  are  in  expec expectation,  tation, expectation,  therefore,  of  a  brighter  state  of  things  than  we  have  witnessed  for  some  time,  at  all  events  on  the  surface.  ANOTHER  STORM  IN  THE  BLACK  SEA.-  REPORTED  LOSS  OF  SIXTY  VESSELS.  Accounts  were  posted,  on  Saturday,  at  Lloyd's,  from  Constantinople,  of  another  fearful  hurricane  having  visited  the  Black  Sea,  on  the  19th  of  last  month  ;  and  it  is  reported  (although  we  hope  that  the  number  of  fatal  losses  will  not  be  confirmed),  that  fifty  or  sixty  ships  foundered  during  the  height  of  the  storm,  off  the  mouth  of  the  Sulina.  Lloyd's  agent,  at  Galatz,  states  that  in  twenty twentythree  three twentythree  instances  the  vessels  went  down  with  all  hands,  as  also  fifty-two  lighters,  which  were  off  the  coast  at  the  time.  Not  a  soul  belonging  to  them  is  supposed  to  have  esna  ned.  Most  of  the  vessels  were  laden  with  corn.  ships  (one  from  England,  called  the  Caledoni,)  _  aaa  Ll  tv,uure  near  Me  harbour  of  Sebastopol,  end  were  wrecked,  the  crew  of  the  Caledonia  perishing  in  the  vessel:  The  Talavera  (English  transport  ship  No.  98  (belonging  to  Mr.  Duncan  Dunbar,  at  Limehouse),  is  among  other  vessels,  reported  to  be  lost  on  the  east  coast  of  Marmora,  and  that  her  Majesty's  ship  Oberon  has  {been  despatched  from  Constantinople  to  the  spot  to  render  assistance.  A  distressing  shipwreck  was  also  reported  by  the  agent  at  Calcutta.  An  English  ship,  with  300  emigrants  (Coolies),  from  Singapore,  had  struck  on  the  south  end  of  the  Alguada  Reef,  on  the  24th  of  last  October,  and,  with  the  exception  of  eleven,  all  had  met  a  watery  grave.  INTEMPERANCE  IN  EniNnunctit.--The  following  state statement  ment statement  of  the  drunkenness  of  the  city  of  Edinburgh  is  taken  from  the  police  records.  During  the  year  1855  there  were  found  alone  in  the  streets,  so  drunk  as  to  be  unable  to  take  care  of  themselves,  2993  males,  and  1590  females.  Of  persons  charged  with  offences,  who  were  drunk  when  apprehended,  there  were  2021  males,  and  1491  females  ;  thus  making  a  grand  total  of  8095—being  4583  males,  and  3512  females.  proved  i  n  RECENT  WILLS.  —The  - STYLE=superscript  will  of  Major-general  Bucknali  Est  CENT  who  died  in  :the  Crimea  in  June,  has  been  London  under  16,0001.  Also  the  wills  of  Rear-  Admiral  James  Provost,  and  Stephen  Kenmant  Chapman,  Rear Rearcaptain  captain Rearcaptain  and  brevet-major,  20th  Regt.,  Sebastopol,  3,000/.  ;  Alexander  Lumsdale,  commander,  R.N.,  25,000/.  ;  Joseph  Toplis,  auctioneer,  20,0001.  ;  James  Young,  M.D.,  of  Wells,  Norfolk,  2,000/  •  bridge  , STYLE=superscript  ironmonger,  35,000/  •  Stephen  Winkvvorth  Silver,  ;  Thomas  Tem  le  Silver  ,  of  Wood Wood•  • Wood•  ,  p STYLE=superscript  of  Cornhill  and  Carshalton,  clothier  and  outfitter,  120,0001.  AUSTRALIA.  The  West  India  mail  steamer  Tyne,  which  arrived  at  Southampton  ;on  Friday,  has  brought  three  days  later  news  from  Sydney,  the  dates  ex extending  tending extending  to  the  18th  September.  The  legislative  council,  or  that  portion  composed  of  the  members  of  government  and  their  nominees,  were  accused  of  devoting  the  short  remainder  of  their  adminis administrative  trative administrative  career,  in  voting  away  the  public  money,  contrary  to  the  wishes  of  the  more  popularly  elected  members.  On  the  sth,  a  vote  to  increase  the  Governor-general's  salary  2,0001.  per  annum,  was  carried  by  a  majority  of  22  to  9  ;  a  vote  of  2001.  for  the  completion  of  the  garrison  garden  and  cr;  et  ground  was  lost  by  a  vote  of  15  elective  members  against  13,  consisting  of  seven  salaried  government  officers,  five  government  nomini  , STYLE=superscript  is,  and  one  elective  member;  and  another  vote  of  6301.  was  carried  by  15  government,  against  14  elective,  memb(  On  the  11th  the  report  of  the  select  committee  steam  postal  communication  was  adopted  by  he  leg  report  says  ncil  after  some  discussion  After  careful  investigation,  and  after  having  all  the  best  evidence  it  was  possible  for  them  to  procure,  the  select  committeelhad  arrived  at  the  opinion,  first,  that  the  route  which  will  afford  the  most  immediate,  the  most  certain,  and  the  cheapest  mode  of  communication  by  steam  between  Sydney  nd  Great  Britain  is  that  by  way  of  Singapore  ;  secondly,  that  the  most  rapid  communica communication  tion communication  with  Great  Britain  would  be  afforded  by  the  estab establishment  lishment establishment  Of  a  line  of  steamers  by  way  of  Panama,  and  that,  if  that  line  could  be  opened—in  addition  to  the  line  by  way  of  Singapore—the  greatest  amount  of  advantage  possible  to  be  derived  from  steam  communication  with  Europe  would  be  achieved.  The  committee  recommended  under  all  the  circumstances  that  the  principle  of  the  bill,  which  should  be  brought  under  the  consideration  of  the  council,  should  be  to  authorise  the  Colonial  government  to  enter  into  a  contract  for  a  monthly  line  of  postal  steamers  between  Sydney  and  Singapore  only—and  that  for  this  purpose  a  sum  of  25,0001  per  annum  for  five  years  certain  should  be  placed  at  the  disposal  of  the  executive  govern government  ment government  to  meet  the  expenses  of  such  a  contract.  In  speaking  on  the  question,  the  Postmaster-  General  Sr  id—  It  had  lately  come  to  his  knowledge,  forinstance,  that  some  were  favourable  to  an  arrangement,  by  which  the  line  of  communication  would  be  from  Panama  to  Sydney,  and  from  Singapore  and  Lake  Leeuwin  to  Melbourne.  He  felt  bound  to  state  to  the  house  that,  if  it  were  found  necessary  or  advisable  to  adopt  that  arrangement  to  which  he  had  before  referred--namely,  a  line  between  Panama  and  Sydney,  and  between  Singapore  via  Cape  Leeuwin  and  Melbourne—another  bill  would  be  necessary.  The  tariff  of  the  colony  has  been  again  raised.  The  following  figures  will  show  the  duties  fixed  by  the  tariff  of  1852,  together  with  the  alterations  made  last  year,  and  the  further  alterations  by  the  vote  of  the  12th  :  IR  esolu-  Tariff  ofliket  of  last  tionsel tionsel-1852.  -1852. tionsel-1852.  Session.  ried  Sept.  12."
