text
"AMERICA.  (mum  oturOwiv  CORRESPONDENT.)  .  SOUTHAMPTON,  DEC.  3L  The  Union  steam-ship,  which  left  New  York  December  15,  has  just  arrived:  Her  news  has  been  anticipated.  We  learn  from  the  Journal  de  Constantinople,  that  the  Mr.  Russell,  Special  Correspondent  of  the  remarks  of  Times  in  the  East,  reflecting  upon  the  conduct  of  English  soldiery,  had  so  excited  the  indigo  I  he  not  f  PEACE  CoNGE  invite  our  readers  to  nest  Sundfo'  PAMPHLET.--Azai  Paris  oor  a  explanation  of  th  rued  pamphlet,  m  the  subject  of  the  Congress  at  Paris.  The  accuracy  witl  which  our  correspondent  conveys  his  intelligence,  derive(  from  sources  of  unquestionable  reliability,  convinces  us  o  the  fact,  that  'the  Emperor  of  the  French  had  no  mor(  participation  in  thd  authorship  of  the  brochure,  than  we  ha(  in  the  command  of  the  French  troops,  returned  from  th(  Crimea,  on  the  occasion  of  their  splendid  reception  in  Pari(  on  Saturday  last.  Again  has  our  Paris  correspondent  displayed  the  possession  of  unrivalled  resources,  that,  at  least,  enables  us  to  present  to  the  public  information  from  the  French  capital,  which  has  outstripped  our  leviathian  competitors  of  the  metropolis.  nd  parentage  of  the  now  far  ♦  DISASTER  AT  SEA.—The  General  Parkhill,  here  from  Charleston,  reports  that  she  rescued  the  captain  and  crew  of  the  William  Hitchcock,  from  Savannah  for  Havre,  with  a  cargo  of  cotton.  The  cotton  ship,  it  appears,  was  struck  by  lightning  on  the  19th  December,  and  set  fire  to.  ADJOURNED  INQUEST.—The  inquest  on  the  body  of  the  female,  named  Edwards  (reported  in  our  paper  of  yester yesterday),  day), yesterday),  was  resumed,  and,  from  the  medical  evidence,  it  ap appeared  peared appeared  that  death  was  caused  by  disease  of  the  heart.  Verdict  accordingly.  NEw  YEAR'S  HILA.RITIES.—Last  evening  Mr.  Robert  Storer,  fruit  merchant,  Temple-court,  entertained  all  his  principal  attaches,  as  well  as  a  very  numerous  assemblage  of  his  private  friends,  to  a  sumptuous  supper,  at  the  Liverpool  =Arms,  Grenville  South.  Mr.  Storer  presented  a  generous  entertainment  of  roast  beef,  plum-pudding,  and  the  accompaniments,  to  the  general  body  of  servants  attached  to  his  various  establishments.  On  this  occasion  Mr.  W.  Appleton,  surgeon,  occupied  the  chair,  and  Mr.  Taylor,  sugar  merchant,  officiated  as  vice.  A  more  har harmonious  monious harmonious  New  Year's  E  ve  cou  ld  not  possibly  be  spent.  The  infant  with  year  well-deservedawnas  invocation  inaugurated.  complimentsto  whose  es  c  t  u  h  t  ce  e  ede  e  se  x  sn  p  tt  r  eh  e  re  s  t  s  ai  i  ni  o  nf  n  4e  cup  and  song  circulat  e  d  freely,  and  each  speak  er  was  e STYLE=superscript  t  to  health  t  u STYLE=superscript  h  l STYLE=superscript  o STYLE=superscript  e  u STYLE=superscript  r  a  s STYLE=superscript  e  n  s  i STYLE=superscript  ip  THOMAS  -STREET  INFAIIT  RAGGED  SCHOOL.  The  ad  vantages  which  have  accrued,  and  the  benefits  which  have  been  conferred  upon  the  humblest  and  most  destitute  classes  of  the  community  by  the  institution  of  ragged  schools,  have  long  since  been  admitted  to  be  a  great  fact,  and  hence  it  is  painful  and  disheartening  to  find  that  such  institutions  are  permitted  to  languish  for  want  of  means  in  any  locality;  the  more  so  in  a  district  in  which  squalid  want  and  fearful  ignorance  prevail,  though  surrounded  by  wealth  and  independence.  For  the  past  two  years,  at  a  surprisingly  small  outlay,  an  immense  amount  of  good.  has  been  effected  by  the  efforts  of  those  connected  with  the  Thomas  -street  Infant  Ragged  School.  We  find  from  the  reports  presented  :to  the  subscribers,  that  at  Christ Christmas,  mas, Christmas,  1855,  there  were  in  attendance  at  the  schools  no  less  than  112  infants,  most  of  whom  are  the  children  of  widows,  with  large  families,  struggling,  with  slight  parochial  aid,  and  inhabiting  the  thickly  populated  district  iying  between  South  Castle-street  and  Bold-street.  The  school  is  open  daily,  so  that  the  children  are  kept  out  of  the  street  the  entire  day,  and  at  noon  receive  a  meal  prepared  for  them  in  the  school-house  i  and  after  a  .  few  mouths  training  the  improvement  of  the  littlestudents,  both  in  appearance  and  conduct,  is  most  satisfactory;  in  short,  the  little  ones  are  rescued  from  scenes  of  destitution  and  depravity,  and  where,  in  many  instances,  fearful  depravity  has  given.  place  to  strict  notions  of  morality.  Besides  the  daily  in instruction,  struction, instruction,  there  are  kept  up  two  Sabbath  schools—one  for  infants,  and  the  other  for  edler  boys  and  girls  resident  in  the  neighbourhood.  ,With,the  beneficial  results  that  have  been  accomplished,  and  which  may  be  made  patent  to  all  who  may  ehnn.--  nsufdcieney  of  means.  The  We  have  advices  from  Berlin  dated  the  30th  uIW  They  inform  us  that  for  the  previous  two  days  the  has  been  more  prevalent  that  Russ'a  will  mana.:;e  defeat  the  Austrian  propositions.  It  is  believed  this  be  effected  by  admitting  the  principle  of  the  neutralisa  t STYLE=superscript  !  of  the  Black  Sea,  and  finding  objections  to  the  deta'  Russia,  it  is  hinted,  even  hopes  that  the  objections  come  from  Turkey,  and  that  she  may  th  us  b  e  save  d  I  reproach  of  breaking  off  the  negociations.  The  accoll'  received  here  state  that  the  internal  condition  f  sia  increases  in  wretchedness.  Property  and  are  insecure,  and  articles  of  importation  are  becorni  of  the  greatest  scarcity  and  dearness  •  As  there  no  sale  for  their  corn  abroad,  large  proprict  i STYLE=superscript  are  neglecting  to  sow  their  land,  and  a  famine  is  10  14 STYLE=superscript  far  as  the  result.  We  understand  frdra  the  same  sou!  of  information,  that  large  depots  of  troops  are  b  e STYLE=superscript  ,  i STYLE=superscript  formed  on  the  coast  of  the  Baltic,  by  the  Russl  authorities.  FRANCE.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  PARIS,  SUNDA  Y  EVENINO  The  sole  talk  of  the  day  is  the  Emperor's  speech,  and  military  demonstration  of  yesterday.  The  former  universally  considered  tres  belliqueut  :  and  the  declarat'  that  France  has-  an  interest  in  having  a  numerous  e  ll STYLE=superscript  ,  inured  to  war,  rea  d  y  t  o  march  wherever  required,  is  t!  to  be  an  intimation  that  the  principal  scene  of  hostilig  next  spring  will  be  nearer  home  than  the  Crimea.  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  speech  most  effectu  a  lly  pu  t  s  an  end  to  all  the  rumours  t  have  been  current  at  different  times,  as  to  the  EIBP,  e STYLE=superscript  ,  v STYLE=superscript  being  personally  f  avoura  bl  e  to  peace  •  it  Bnvi  that  he  is  on  the  contrary  not  only  ' STYLE=superscript  disposed  I  continue  the  war,  but  to  continue  it  on  a  grander  se  g STYLE=superscript  The  popular  demon  s  t  ra  ti  on  o  f  yesterday,  in  honour  of  1i  Crimean  troops,  is  al  so  cons  id  ere  d  ,  pol  i  t  i  cally  speaking,  t  , STYLE=superscript  „'  the  Parisian  popul  a  ti  on  are  o  f  a  much  more  warlike  d  i  st  sition  than  had  been  imagined.  I  believe  I  can  give  you  the  real,  true,  and  autbe  history  about  the  pamphlet  on  the  necessity  of  a  Conf  r STYLE=superscript  to  pacify  Europe,  which  crea  t  e  d  such  publicity  a  .  fte  days  ago.  The  auth  or  i  s  ,  as  you  have  been  farmed,  a  M.  Duveyrier,  formerly  a  politl  e STYLE=superscript  rl  writer.  This  gentleman  is  a  friend  of  M.  Mocqut  i STYLE=superscript  1  the  Emperor's  private  secretary,  and  when  ,  0  had  written  the  pa  m  phl  e  t  h  e.  asked  him  to  ascertain  publication  of  it  would  be  disagreeable  fo  the  Empe  r STYLE=superscript  M.  Mocquart  s  h  ewe  d  it  t  o  hi  s  Majesty,  and  the  EuiPe'  o  returned  it  with  the  contemptous  remark,  can't  pre,  the  man  from  publishing  ,it  if  he  chooses  fin  d  so  was  published  ;  and  M.  Duveyrier,  from  vanity,  gave  °.,)  that  'the  Emp  eror  b  a  d  seen  assertion  naturally  led  to  the  belief  that  his  Majesty  had  ei  t STYLE=superscript  written,  it  or  caused  it  to  be  written.  The  French  Government,  like  the  English  one,i  l  notified  the  rai  s  i  ng  o  f  th  e  bl  oc  k  ade  of  the  Russian  por  ts  the  Baltic.  A  despatch  from  M  arse  ill  es  of  to  day  announces  th°  arrival  of  Constantinople  news  to  the  20th.  M.  Musur  ll STYLE=superscript  ,  s STYLE=superscript  r  ,  to  be  nominated  Tu  r  ki  s  h  am  b  assador  at  London.  Aduil  Lyons  had  resigned  his  com  man  d  to  Admiral  Freer;  and  was  about  to  come  to  Paris,  Omar  Pael  l  a  1/1  aped  on-the  theL  PARTS,  'SATURDAY  EVENING'  .  I  have  seen  many  grand,  inaonsint:eorsotleprinrinblepasrpa::;l:  in  this  city,  but  never  one  so  aptenwdhidicahnhdaavoemfoouvgin:ainst::  which  has  taken  place  this  day—the  solemn  entrance  113 STYLE=superscript  0  '  nearly  every  11  0 STYLE=superscript  4  0  Paris,  C  P  r  a  i  r  m  i  s  Crimea.'  f  r  tTo  severalodo  speak  ho  font  more  hoil;  correctly,oto4i  tmheenoccasion,  on  the  Boulevards,  from  the  Plate  de  la  Bastille  to  the  the  Place  Vendome,  s;g  ian  flo;  kindk  h  ° STYLE=superscript  ,  l STYLE=superscript  ;t.  wies  7.  eard,  French"
