text
"DISTRESSING  DEATH  OF  A  LIVERPOOL  GENTLEMAN  IN  IRELAND.  INQUEST  ON  THE  BODY.  In  our  paper  of  yesterday  we  gave  the  particulars  of  the  melancholy  and  fatal  accident  which  befel  Mr.  Thomas  Naylor,  of  this  town,  commercial  traveller  to  Messrs.  Binks  and  Co.  whilst  proceeding  from  the.  Dunkitt  Railway  Sta Staion  ion Staion  to  Waterford  in  a  coach,  on  Monday  evening  last.  Mr.  Naylor  was  inside  the  coach  along  with  Mr.  Nerwich,  a  jeweller,  of  Dublin,  and  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Barrow  and  their  son.  The  night  was  very  dark,  and  the  road  was  covered  with  water  to  the  depth  of  from  four  to  five  feet.  Whilst  proceeding  on  their  journey  one  of  the  wheels  got  off  the  road,  and  upset  the  vehicle  into  the  ditch,  by  which  Mr.  Naylor  and  the  driver  were  drowned,  but  the  other  parties  escaped  by  getting  through'  the  window.  The  following  was  the.  evidence  given  at  the  inquest  on  the  body  of  Mr.  Naylor,  which  was  held  at  Waterford  on  Tuesday  evening  :  Mr.  Norwich,  from  Dublin,  a  jeweller,  was  the  first  witness  examined—He  deposed  that  he  left  the  station  about  half-past  eight  o'clock.  with  one  outside  and  five  inside  passengers  ;  the  night  was  very  dark  ;  witness  observed  the  coach  to  move  unusually  slow,  looked  out,  and  saw  a  com complete  plete complete  sheet  of  water  on  both  sides  of  the  road;  they  were  coming  from  Donicitt  to  Waterford  from  Kilkenny;  called  to  the  coachman  to  stop,  who  took  no  notice,  but  drove  on;  about  ten  yards  farther  on  they  stopped.  A  Juror—Did  you  think  the  coachman  understood  you  when  you  called  on  him  to  stop  ?  Witness—l  am  sure  he  did;  when  the  coach  was  upset  the  deceased  (Mr.  Naylor)  was  next  the  coach  door  upper uppermost  most uppermost  ;  a  young  man  broke  a  pane  of  glass  in  the  carriage  door,  and  got  out  first,  then  Mr.  Barron  got  out  ;  after afterwards  wards afterwards  deponent,  who  also  assisted  Mrs.  Barron  to  get  out  ;  they  had  nothing  to  hold  on  by  when  they  got  outside  but  the  rails  of  the  carriage  ;  witness  had  a  pole  stretched  to  him  and  escaped  to  land;  Mrs.  Barron  was  trying  to  get  out  at  this  time,  with  assistance  of  deponent  and  her  son,  but  was  unable  by  reason  of  weakness  ;  thinks  Mr.  Naylor  must  have  been  dead  before  them;  Mr.  Naylor  was  at  the  part  of  the  coach  through  which  deponent  and  the  others  got  out  ;  thinks  if  he  had  self-possession  he  could  have  got  out  second,  or  even  first  ;  when  deponent  got  out  he  called  out  lustily  for  aid;  the  horses  were  attached  to  the  coach  at  the  time  '  •  on  seeing  the  driver  engaged  in  detaching  them,  deponentbegged  of  him  for  God's  not  to  take  them  away,  but  the  driver  heeded  him  not  ;  never  saw  him  after  ;  his  name  was  Cummins.  A  juror—When  you  got  out  of  the  carriage  was  it  into  water  you  got  ?  _  _  Yes  ;  there  was  water  on  the  road,  in  the  field,  and  each  side  of  road  ;  wherever  you  looked  it  was  one  waving  sheet  of  water  ;  after  some  time,  say  a  few  minutes,  heard  shouting  from  the  direction  of  Granny  ;  saw  two  men  on  the  road,  who  told  them  to  remain  quiet  and  they  would  save  them;  the  men  cried  out  there  a  lady,  or  any  female  that  we  can  save  Mrs.  Barron's  son  and  I  then  tried  to  get  her  out  ;  she  clung  to  the  hind  wheel  of  the  coach,  and  deponent  with  difficulty  prevailed  on  her  to  trust  herself  to  the  men  who  came  to  their  assistance,  and  she  was  saved.  A  Juror—Could  you  observe  the  plantation  from  where  the  coach  was  upset  ?  Witness—l  could  distinguish  nothing  ;  the  water  waved  and  swelled  and  dashed  as  far  as  I  could  see  ;  the  night  was  exceedingly  dark,  and  I  could  see  nothing  but  water,  or  hear  nothing  but  the  moaning  blast.  Foreman—lf  there  were  fences  at  each  side  of  the  road,  would  such  a  guard  protect  the  driver  from  such  a  catas catastrophe  trophe catastrophe  ?  Witness—lt  is  my  opinion  that  it  would.  Mr.  Kerr  deposed  that  a  wall,  which  had  served  both  for  a  fence  and  land-mark,  had  'been  taken  down,  and  that  the  ma materials  terials materials  had  been  used  for  repairing  the  road,  and  that  the  wall  had  not  been  rebuilt,  nor  anything  substituted  in  its  stead.  Timothy  O'Connor,  traveller,  of  Maryborough  and  Water Waterford,  ford, Waterford,  sworn—There  is  no  fence  or  land-mark  on  either  side  of  the  road  where  the  accident  happened  ;  deporwnt  is  in  the  habit  of  travelling  that  way  :  on  deponent's  last  journey  (about  a  month  since)  an  impenetrable  fog  set  in  before  they  came  to  Granny  bridge  '  •  the  coachman  got  down  and  led  the  horses,  and  but  for  great  caution,  in  the  absence  of  anything  to  mark  their  way,  they  would  have  been  lost  that  night.  Laurence  Doolan,  a  watchman,  sworn—Has  been  five  or  six  years  in  his  present  occupation  ;  on  Monday  night  he;  was  on  duty  as  watchman  in  the  vicinity  of  Granny  Bridge  ;  could  not  stop  on  the  low  ground  by  reason  of  the  rising  water,  was  obliged  to  take  the  high  road  above  the  bridge  ;  was  stationed  there  when  he  heard  shouts  from  the  direction  of  Newrath  ;  it  was  then  about  nine  o'clock  ;  made  towards  the  place  where  he  heard  the  shouting;  forced  another  per person  son person  named  Connolly,  whom  he  met,  to  go  along  with  him;  when  advanced  about  three  perches  in  the  water  with  which  the  road  was  flooded  encountered  a  man  whom  he  knew  to  be  a  clerk  in  Mr.  Draper's  (late  Strang's)  mill  ;  this  person  told  him  that  all  on  the  coach  were  drowned  ;  deponent  was  at  this  time  up  to  his  knees  in  water,  on  the  road  ;  witness's  comrade  went  away  shouting  for  assistance,  while  witness  ploughed  his  way  to  the  overturned  carriage;  by  the  time  he  reached  it  he  was  up  to  the  arm-pits  in  water.  A  Juror—Had  the  coach  lamps  ?  Witnes.—No  Witness—Had  a  stick.  and  was  obliged  literally  to  fee  his  way  to  the  drowning  people  ;  deponent  asked  was  there  a  lady  in  danger,  or  any  female  ;  was  answered  yes  said,  send  her  out  and  I'll  save  her  or  die  ;  an  old  lady  was  forced  out  ;  she  clung  to  the  wheel  for  nearly  ten  minutes,  when  witness  prevailed  on  her  to  throw  herself  into  the  water,  and  he  brought  her  safe  to  the  road.  .  .  By  a  Juror—The  coach  was  off  the  road,  and  in  water  three  feet  deeper  than  it  was  there;  there  was  no  fence  to  the  road,  no  protection,  no  line,  no  landmark,  nothing  in  fact  to  distinguish  road  from  river  field  from  fence,  or  marsh  from  solid  gr6und.  Foreman—ls  there'  a  deep  gripe  at  each  side  of  the  road?  Witness—There  is,  to  a  depth  of  three  or  four  feet,  and  not  a  wall  to  protect  it.  Foreman—What  was  the  person's  name  who  broke  the  glass  and  got  out  ,?  Witness—  I  don't  know.  -  [Here  Mr.  Kerr,  who  we  undersand  is  a  gentleman  con connected  nected connected  with  the  Waterford  and  Kilkenny  Railway  Company,  and  who  appeared  deeply  interested  in  the  proceedings  came  forward  and  said,  that  such  a  road  as  that  from  Dunkitt  to  granny  and  Newarth  was  unparalleled,  and  that  there  was  not  in  England  or  Ireland  a  track  in  such  constant  use  with without  out without  better  protection.  The  Jury,  after  a  consultation  of  about  twenty  minutes,  returned  the  following"
