text
"MEXICO  We  have  advises  from  Mexico  to  the  3rd  ult.  Mr.  Gadsden,  the  New  American  Minister,  had  arrived  there,  and  been  very  favourably  received  by  Presi President  dent President  Santa  Anna.  On  presenting  his  credentials,  General  Gadsden  took  occasion  to  say  :  It  is  with  high  satisfaction  that  I  present  my  credentials  as  Envoy  and  Minister  from•  the  ffnited  States  of  North  America,  to  the  republic  of  Mexico,  Familiar  as  IFIC  your  Excellency  with  the  history  and  composition  of  the  Government,  which  I  have  the  honour  to  represent,  federal  in  the  relations  of  the  sovereign  States  which  constitute  it,  and  popular  in  the  influences  which  con convey  vey convey  the  official  authority  to  declare  that  popular  will— willit  it willit  is  appropriate  on  this  occasion  that  I  place  at  your  dispo disposal  sal disposal  the  inaugural  of  our  late-elected  President,  who,  with  an  unanimity  contemporaneous  to  that  which  recalled  you  to  preside  over  the  nationality  of  Mexico,  has  been  charged  with  the  high  responsibilities  in  the  government  of  a  sister  republic.  That  inaugural,  with  the  letter  of  credence  here herewith  with herewith  presented,  affirms,  in  language  neither  to  be  mistaken  or  distrusted,  the  friendly  relations  which  it  is  the  desire  of  President  Pierce  to  promote  with  the  nations  of  the  earth.  In  a  mutual  respect  for  each  other's  nationality  ;  in  a  just  observance,  in  their  spirit  and  letter,  of  compacts  and  treaties  ;  in  the  reciprocations  of  a  free  and  progressive  com commerce,  merce, commerce,  and  in  the  kindred  alliances  which  invariably  fol follow  low follow  in  the  train  of  enlightened  intercourse,  does  the  govern government  ment government  of  the  United  States  recognise  the  most  reliable  guaran guarantees  tees guarantees  of  harmony  at  home  and  peace  abroad.  These  rela relations  tions relations  of  good  will  and  fellowship  it  is  the  peculiar  interests  of  the  neighbouring  republics  of  North  America  to  maintain,  whose  very  contiguity  may  prove  the  stimulating  cause  of  border  irregularities,  threatening  an  interruption  which  it  is  the  policy  of  both  powers  to  anticipate.  What  would  be  the  higher  destinies  of  these  two  sister  republics,  so  gifted  with  all  the  elements  which  can  establish  rational  liberty,  individual  prosperity,  and  national  greatness,  animated  by  the  kindred  pulses  of  fraternal  neighbourhood,  no  sagacity  can  foreshadow,  and  no  obstacles  impede.  _  _  The  United  States  of  North  America,  therefore,  through  its  accredited  representative,  avails  herself  of  this  opportunity  to  greet  the  republic  of  Mexico,  in  a  spirit  of  amity,  of  jus justice,  tice, justice,  and  of  Translation  of  General  Santa  Anna's  reply  I  receive  with  satisfaction  the  letter  of  his  Excellency  the  President  of  the  United  States,  in  which  he  accredits  your  Excellency  as  their  Envoy  Extraordinaryand  Minister  Pleni Plenipotentiary.  potentiary. Plenipotentiary.  I  see  herein  a  proof  of  the  desire  with  which  his  Excellency  is  animated  to  cultivate  the  good  relations  which  happily  exist  between  the  two  countries,  and  which  this  government  so  highly  values.  Nor  can  this  government  be  otherwise  than  gratified  at  the  discourse  of  the  worthy  Chief  who  now  governs  the  destinies  of  a  neighbouring  republic  (kindly  presented  to  me  by  your  Excellency,)  and  in  beholding  in  so  grave  and  solemn  a  document  the  expression  of  sentiments  of  such  sincere  and  faithful  friendship,  of  such  judicious  policy  and  of  good  will,  which,  according  to  all  probability,  must  necessarily  become  a  source  of  the  most  happy  results  towards  the  maintenance  of  peace  on  this  continent.  This  manifestation,  together  with  the  sound  principles  laid  down  by  your  Excellency,  and  the  happy  manner  in  which  these  relations  have  just  been  conducted,  must  necessarily  add  new  bonds  to  those  which,  by  the  favour  of  Heaven,  now  connect  so  closely  the  coun country  try country  which  your  Excellency  represents  with  the  re republic  public republic  of  Mexico.  Recognising,  as  I  do,  these  as  the  only  principles,  capable  of  firmly  establishing  international  relations  ;  being  penetrated  with  their  propriety  between  two  neighbouring  States,  which  should  con consider  sider consider  themselves  as  brothers,  •being  sons  of  the  same  continent;  and  convinced  of  the  immense  influence  which  the  observation  of  so  sound  a  doctrine  would  exercise  upon  their  destinies,  I  can  assure  you  that  Mexico  will  adhere  to  it;  and  I  am  happy  at  the  same  time  to  announce  to  you  that  you  will  find  near  this  government  all  the  facilities  which  your  mission  may  require,  together  with  a  perfect  good  faith,  the  most  strict  adherence  to  justice  and  to  trea treaties,  ties, treaties,  and  the  most  sincere  endeavour  to  avoid  whatever  might  give  rise  to  difficulties,  thus  that  the  relations  between  the  two  countries  may  daily  become  more  intimate  and  pro productive.  ductive. productive.  I  flatter  myself  that  these  relations  will  be  estab established  lished established  on  the  indestructible  basis  of  constant  friendship,  of  mutual  respect,  and  reciprocal  propriety,  and  to  this  end  my  constant  efforts  will  be  directed.  Such  is  the  policy  professed  by  my  administration  towards  all  nations,  and  it  shall  be  cheerfully  observed  towards  the  sister  republic  so  worthily  represented  by  your  Excellency,  according  to  the  demands  imposed  by  the  immediate  neighbourhood  and  the  well-understood  interests  of  this  government.  Mexico,  through  my  instrumentality,  is  happy  to  return  the  greeting  which  the  United  States  have  made  through  your  Excellency,  in  the  same  spirit  of  friendship,  justice,  and  The  cholera  had  appeared  at  some  towns  in  oa.jaca.  Great  preparations  were  making  at  Vera  Cruz  for  celebrating  the  anniversary  of  Mexican  inde independence.  pendence. independence.  The  Supreme  Government  has  prolonged,  for  ten  yearF,  the  decree  allowing  the  imposition  of  a  real  on  each  barrel  c  r  tierce  imported  into  Mazatlan,  for  the  purpose  of  raising  funds  for  the  works  of  embellishment  or  benefit.  A  duty  of  12  reals  per  ton  is  imposed  on  vessels  importing  coal  into  Acapulco,  for  whatever  pur purpose  pose purpose  may  be  intended.  General  Woll  has  been  attacked  by  a  malignant  fever  at  Tampico,  but  was  convalescent  at  last  accounts."
