text
"Important  iiiodificatiOn,s  ar  Ottoman  Ministry,  an  of  opinion  that  t}  )elieved  th  Cabinet  as  Grand  Viziei  chid  Paella  has  been  gain  a  A..few  days  ago  the  model  of  a  in.  initted  td  the  Sultan,  has  been  struck,  in  or  Id  th  al  le:coismboih  w.er  On  one  Sicle'n  tri  Tur.  four  ft  brming  a  Xilibct  and  a  map.  The  intrinsic  .n  anelu  value  of  the  medal  is  1,  whose  arrival  I  . STYLE=superscript  to  from  70f  - STYLE=superscript  to  SOf  Baron  Prokes  ou,  made  three  days.  , STYLE=superscript  ago  his  -official  - STYLE=superscript  visit.  to  the  Porte;  '  and  was  received  yesterday,  in  solemn  audienCe  by  his  higime,ss,  to.  whom  he  delivered  his  credentials.  The  new  internuncio  has'  received  a  most  cordial  reception  from  all  members  of,  the  government.  His  arrival  has  also  •made  •  a  very  favourable  impression  in  -  - STYLE=superscript  the  different  political  circles,  where  it  is  hoped  his  Corning  will  be  the  signal  far'  the  adoption  of  certain  resOlutionrs,  the  gravity  of  which  'cannot  be  too  highly  estimated  in  the  important  circumstances  ~in  which  we  find  ourselveß.  The  affair  of  the  301  doisW  Colonel  Turr,  to  whiclipeople  wished  to  give  too  much  importance,  particularly  in  Europe,  has  . STYLE=superscript  beenproperly  arranged  here.  You  are  aware  that  the  Porte  showed  itself  justly  hurt  at  the  act  of  authority  exercised  on  its  territory  by  the  Austrian  general.  I  am  informed  that  the,  most  satisfactory  explanations  have  been  given.  on  the  point.  Other  accounts  from  Constantinople  of  the  24th  Ult.  state  that  the  Ottoman  . STYLE=superscript  GOvernment  •  was  seriously  'intent  on  devising  means  to  obviate  the  fatal  consequences  that  might  attend  the  fall  of  Kars,  should  all  further  advance  of  the  Russians  on  the  Turkish  territory  not  be  immediately  phecked.  The  plan  of  the.  'new  campaign  was  agreed  upon  .  at  a  council  of  war,  convoked  for  the  Purpose,  and  - STYLE=superscript  .  at  :which  . STYLE=superscript  the  ./  allied  61-enerats  Mansfield  and  Larehey,  Colonel  Chiesa  Della  Torree,  and  the  first  dra  g  omans  of  the  'English  and  FrenchEmbassies.assisted.'  Ten  thousand  men  are  to  be  detached  from  the  army  of  Omar  Pasha,  and  conducted  by  General  MouliliS  Pasha,  from  Such Suchurn  urn Suchurn  Kaleh  to  Trebiiond,  where  the  other  troops  about  to  operate  in  Asia  are  to  assemble.  On  the  22nd  intelligence  reached  Constantinople  that  Omar  Pasha,.meeting  with  insurmountable  obsta obstacies,  cies, obstacies,  had  renounced  marching  upon  Kutais,  and  was.  in,  full  retreat  upon,Suchurn  , STYLE=superscript  Kaleh:  Although  the  failure  of  his  expedition  .  was  long  since  anticipated;  the  event  'nevertheless  produced  a  painful  sensation  on  the  l?'orte  and  the  'public.  I  •  The  e STYLE=superscript  Crimean  mail  brought  accounts  ?of  '  the  22nd  from  the  allied  camp.  The  position  at  Sebastopol  . STYLE=superscript  Was  unchanged'.  The  coast  was  visited  on  the  19th  by  a  frightful  huiricane,  which'  lasted  several  hours.  An  Austrian  vessel,  laden  with  100  oxen  and  '2QO  sheep,,  was  driven  at  night  into  the  Bay  Of  Sebastopol,  and  batteries  of.Fort.ConStant-  tie  immed  upon  her  the  vesse  .ed  tip  :11  11  a  tile  then,ifowever,  it  ro.  d  Uoi  on  the  2  I  ,  for  Tr  )  at  Co:  on  Ins  v  ten  month"
