text
"thousands  of  volumes  filled  with  garbled  state.  ments  of  the  leading  incidents  of  the  most  impor important  tant important  periods,  and  with  the  fulsome  adulation  of  what  Mr.  MACAULAY  thinks  deserving  of  praise,  put  into  the  hands  of  the  public.  No  man  will  pretend  to  question  the  brilliancy  of  Mr.  MAcAuLsv's  style  of  composition  ;  no  one  will  dispute  his  eloquence,  his  untiring  industry,  and  depth  of  research;  but  we  put  it  to  any  of  his  cool  and  dispassionate  readers,  whether  he  deals  honestly  and  impartially  with  the  leading  incidents  in  the  history  of  England  ?  The  his historical  torical historical  writers  who  had  gone  before  him,  having  exhausted  all  the  recognised  archives  and  official  sources  of  information,  he  was  driven  to  the  shelves  of  the  British  Museum,  for  the  opinions  of  men  who  had  embodied  their  thoughts  in  sonnets,  and  who  sang  the  praise  of  faction,  just  as  Mr.  COBDEN  would  deal  with  the  resources  and  general  condition  of  Russia,  and  Mr.  BRIGHT  with  the  question  of  peace  or  war  !  And,  hence,  we  have,  in  Mr.  MecAuLAv's  :volumes,  an  endless  succession  of  spirited  panegyrics,  gorgeous  eulogiums,  bitter  rebukes,  and  an  indelible  trace  of  the  maw-worm  ;  but  nothing  really  of  history,  that  was  not  known  before,  except  the  revival  of  forgotten  anecdotes,  and  a  redundance  of  small  proofs,  to  confirm  generally  admitted  matters  of  fact.  With  all  this  we  should  not  feel  disposed  to  quarrel,  had  Mr.  MACAULAY  kept  his  temper,  and  tuned  the  torrent  of  his  pen  to  the  wants  and  taste  of  his  times.  History  is  the  leading  rudiment  in  the  education  of  a  nation  ;  and  all  it  should  contain  is  a  simple  narrative  of  facts,  strung  together  so  as  to  enable  the  reader  to  draw  clear  and  impartial  inferences  on  every  subject  brought  before  him.  The  people  of  this  country  do  not  want  to  be  alt  BABINGTON  MACAULAY'S.  Those  who  advocate  popular  education,  look  upon  it  as  the  great  meansby  which  the  divisions  and  abor abortions  tions abortions  of  society  may  be  removed,  and  the  people  of  these  islands  brought  to  think,  reason,  and  act  as  one  nation  having  a  common  destiny.  We  view,  therefore,  all  that  appertains  to  the  education  of  the  people  with  the  utmost  jealousy,  and  we  cannot  help  lamenting  that,  at  the  commencement  of  the  great  and  sacred  task,  the  Whigs  should  have  thrust  on  the  country  their  own  champions  and  partizan  views  of  great  historical  events,  which,  from  being  unique  as  a  piece  of  composition,  and  possessing  all  the  characteristics  of  a  master  pen,  are  rendered  more  luscious  to  the  palate,  and,  therefore,  more  dangerous  to  the  cause  of  solid  enlightenment.  Were  Mr.  MAOAULAY'S  history  of  England  to  be  universally  employed  as  a  standard  educational  work  in  this  country,  every  school-room  would  become  a  battle  ground,  every  library  the  arena  of  violent  discussion,  and  where  English,  Irish  and  Scotch-men  met  together,  they  would  be  ready  to  fasten  on  each  other  like  so  many  bulldogs,  or  tigers,  wolves,  and  vultures  falling  upon  their  natural  enemy,  or  their  ordinary  prey.  Each  of  the  belligerents  might  cite  MACAULAY  in  justifica justification  tion justification  of  striking  the  first  blow,  and  drawing  the  first  blood  !  Had  our  Author  confined  himself  to  writing  historical  essays,  all  his  partisan  vociferc vociferccities  cities vociferccities  and  anathematical  exuberance  would  have  been  pardonable  enough  ;  but  where  a  man  ventures  to  give  a  factious  colouring  to  history,  which,  though  a  temporal  record,  should,  never nevertheless,  theless, nevertheless,  be  the  Gospel  of  a  nation,  he  does  an  irreparable  injury  to  society,  and  exposes  all  those  who  come  after  him  to  the  charge  of  being  the  emissaries  of  darkness  and  discord,  instead  of  the  precursors  of  enlightenment  and  mutual  goodwill  among  Luankind."
