text
"AUCTION.  This  day,  (Thursday,)  the  10th  instant,  at  one  o'clock,  in  the  Commercial  Sale-room,  Temple-court,  380  Barrels  Patras  CURRANTS,  's2's,  Just  landed  ex  (s.s.)  from  Syra;  35  Barrels  CURRANTS.  'sl's,  cx  •  Louise  5  Butts  15  Careteels  CURRANTS,  'sl's  ex  15  Barrels  7  Careteels  CURRANTS,  'sl's  ex  6  Careteels  CURRANTS,  'sl's  ex  Great  278  Barrels  CURRANTS,  'sl's,  ex  Apply  to  GEORGE  BADENACH,  Broker  Same  time  and  place.  1100  Drums  Eleme  Turkey  FIGS,  14  Cases  containing  Boxes  Eleme  Turkey  FIGS,  500  Bags  Turkey  black  RAISINS,  100  Barrels  Turkey  black  RAISINS,  130  Boxes  Turkey  black  RAISINS,  Landing  ex  (s.s.)  from  Smyrna.  Apply  to  GEORGE  BADENACH,  Broker.  THIS  DAY,  (Thursday,)  at  One  o'clock,  in  the  Com Commercial  mercial Commercial  Saleroom,  Temple-court,  12,000  Half,  Quarter,  and  One-Eighth  Drums  and  Boxes  Eleme  and  Selected  Turkey  FIGS,  80  Skeleton  Cases  containing  Cartoons  and  Boxes  Eleme  Turkey  FIGS,  700  Bags,  200  Barrels  Turkey  Black  RAISINS,  170  Boxes  just  landed  ex  sundry  screw-steamers,  from  Smyrna.  830  Boxes  470  1 STYLE=superscript  -Boxes  Bunch  Muscatel  RAISINS,  in  layers,  730  Quarter  80  150  Bo  1-Boxes  xes  Bunch  Muscatel  RAISINS,  j  100  Barrels  Malaga  SULTANAS,  890  Frails  Malaga  FIGS,  landing  ex  Jane,  from  Malaga;  500  Boxes  160  1 STYLE=superscript  --Boxes  Bunch  Muscatel  RAISINS,  in  layers,  100  —4-Boxes  100  Boxes  Jordan  ALMONDS,  just  landed  ex  Ana  Maria,  from  Malaga  ;  220 STYLE=superscript  Barrels STYLE=superscript  ) STYLE=superscript  New  French  PRUNES,  300  Cases  landing  ex  Ida,  from  Bordeaux  ;  100  Barrels  Egyptian  DATES,  landing  ex  Astrologer,  (s.  s.)  from  Alexandria.  1,000  Tapnets  Lisbon  FIGS,  2,400  -1-TapLnets  landing  Pex  elican,  (s.s.)  from  Lisbon  ;  just  landed  ex  Astrologer,  (s.s.)  from  Syra  ;  1,200  Boxes  Old  Valentia  RAISINS.  300  4-Boxes  Apply  to  GEORGE  BADENACH,  Broker.  (SAME  TIME  - STYLE=superscript  AND  PLACE.)  3,000  Boxes  }  New  Valentia  RAISINS,  2,000  t-Boxes  landing  ex  Mignon,  from  Denia.  Apply  to  Messrs.  Wood  and  Ritson,  merchants  ;  or  to  GEORGE  BADENACH,  Broker.  WE  published  yesterday,  a  letter  from  Sir  GEORGE  STEPHEN,  in  reply  to  some  observations  which  we  made  in  a  leading  article  on  the  preceding  day,  with  reference  to  the  anomalous  manner  in  which  the  law  is  administered  at  the  Birkenhead  Police  Court.  In  that  letter  the  writer  attempts  to  justify  the  course  adopted;  and  furnishes  his  reasons  for  so  doing.  We  shall  examine,  seriatim,  those  rea reasons,  sons, reasons,  and  make  such  comments  thereupon  as  may  seem.  expedient.  In  the  first  place,  the  writer  endeavours  to  re remove  move remove  the  onus  from  the  shoulders  of  the  magistrates,  and  place  all  the  responsibility  on  his  own.  He  observes  :  It  was  in  compliance  with  my  solicita solicitation,  tion, solicitation,  as  counsel  for  the  prisoner,  that,  in  this  instance,  they  departed  from  their  usual  Sir  GEORGE  is  by  no  means  backward  in  making  the  admission  that,  in  the  case  to  which  particular  reference  is  made,  there  was  a  departure  from  ordinary  precedent.  But  can  the  writer  have  forgotten  that,  but  a  few  weeks  before,  a  similar  policy  had  been  pursued  ?  The  writer's  second  plea  is  more  startling  still;  and  if  we  know  anything  respecting  the  practice  of  the  is  out  of  the  ordinary  rule.  He  states,  I  requested  them  (the  magistrates)  to  do  so,  be because,  cause, because,  from  the  nature  of  the  case,  I  knew  that  I  must  rely  on  the  inconsistencies  of  the  witnesses  for  the  We  are  very  willing  to  admit  the  sagacity  and  penetration  of  our  learned  cor correspondent,  respondent, correspondent,  and  should  be  far  from  conveying  any  impression  contrary  to  the  conclusion  arrived  at  by  the  Bench  in  the  case  for  which  he  was  counsel;  but,  at  the  same  time,  regarding  the  principle  in involved,  volved, involved,  we  think  the  precedent  an  exceedingly  dangerous  one—than  which,  in  our  estimation,  nothing  could  be  more  calculated  to  defeat  the  ends  of  justice,  and  make  the  law  itself  conducive  to  lawlessness.  If  counsel  can  take  the  administra administration  tion administration  of  the  law  into  their  own  hands—pronounce  judgment  as  to  nature  of  the  upon  ex  parte  evidence,  and  that  from  the  quarter  to  which  they  are  opposed—and  rely  on  the  inconsisten inconsistencies  cies inconsistencies  of  the  on  the  opposite  side,  without  having  that  evidence  fairly  produced  in  open  court  —then,  indeed,  the  sooner  we  have  a  radical  reform  the  better:  Our  correspondent  supports  the  private  hearing  of  the  case  on  the  following  ground  Had  the  examination  been  adjourned,  as  I  expected  it  would  be,  the  publication  of  the  evidence  in  the  interim  might  have  enabled  some  of  the  witnesses  collusively  to  reconcile  their  Now,  with  all  due  deference  to  the  writer,  we  regard  his  argument  as  very  untenable.  We  apprehend,  that  if  such  a  precedent  can  be  legally  established,  it  might  legally  be  adopted  in  every  instance.  If  such  an  objection  can  be  received  in  one  court  and  in  one  case,  we  see  no  reason  why  the  same  should  not  be  received  in  all  courts  and  in  all  cases.  Then,  at  the  whim  of  any  stripling  of  the  bar,  or  pettifogging  attorney,  the  court  might  be  ordered  to  be  cleared,  and  the  reporters  of  the  Press  sent  about  their  business,  to  pocket  the  summary  pro 'process'  they  had  so  unconstitutionally  received  ;  whilst  the  public  might  look  in  vain  in  the  columns  of  the  morning  papers  for  the  Police  Intelligence  ;  and  Mr.  Justice  SHALLOW  might  deliver  his  grave  decisions,  and  pronounce  legal  judgment  upon  all  cases  within  the  range  of  Cturry's  Collection  of  Statutes,  making  him  afraid.  No  doubt  this  would  be  a  con consummation  summation consummation  devoutly  to  be  by  numskulled  and  bungling  justiciaries,  many  of  whom  use  Coke  only  to  burn  it,  and  can  no  more  judge  of  Statute  laws  than  they  can  of  Statuary  !  However,  we  are  glad  to  find  that  Sir  GEORGE  STEPHEN  entirely  concurs  in  the  general  we  laid  down,  although  he  does  not  admit  of  its  universal  application.  Of  course,  there  are  exceptions  to  every  rule;  but  it  requires  no  small  vigilance  to  guard  against  the  rule  itself  becoming  the  exception.  We  again  assert  that,  admitting  the  propriety— proprietywe  we proprietywe  wont  say  legality—of  clearing  the  criminal  court  on  especial  occasions,  it  was  most  unprece unprecedented  dented unprecedented  and  unconstitutional  to  eject  the  recognised  representatives  of  the  public  Press.  These  parties  could  not  be  influenced  either  one  way  or  the  other  ;  and  most  assuredly,  if  they  did  not  further  the  ends  of  justice,  would  not  do  aught  to  frustrate  it.  At  a  time  when  the  letters  of  SIGMA  are  appearing  in  the  columns  of  the  Morning  Chronicle,  and  the  London  press  is  exposing  and  denouncing  the  conduct  of  our  Northern  magis  tracy,  it  is  rather  a  curious  coincidence  that  the  authorities  at  Birkenhead  should  have  laid  them themselves  selves themselves  open  to  censure.  However,  we  trust  that  our  gentle  reproof  will  be  taken  in  the  spirit  in  which  it  is  meant  ;  and  that  we  will,  in  future,  be  spared  from  performing  so  painful  a  duty,  and  one  which  would  not  have  been  undertaken  by  us,..  were  there  not  high  trusts  and  important  interests  at  stake.  SECRET  Diplomacy  and  Electric  Telegraphs  are  becoming  the  greatest  mystifiers  of  political  movements.  Wars  are  threatened—invasions  take  place—battles  are  fought—blood  is  shed—England  loses  millions—and  yet  secret  diplomacy  forbids  the  publication  of  the  remotest  whisper  of  au authentic  thentic authentic  information,  by  which  immediate  losses  might  be  anticipated,  and  future  danger  averted.  Telegraphs  are,  in  fact,  our  only  diplomatic  oracles,  and  if  we  were  to  extol  their  veracity,  it  would  be  to  inflate  falsehood  with  the  air  of  truth.  The  conflicting  statements  and  false  rumours  which  have  been  published  by  telegraphs  since  the  commencement  of  the  Russo-Turkish  war,  are,  in  themselves,  so  dangerous  to  the  best  interests  of  this  country,  that  some  means  must  be  promptly  adopted  to  check  the  evils  which  are  sure  to  arise  from  the  publication  of  fictitious  dis dis!lispatches  !lispatches dis!lispatches  in  the  absence  of  authentic  ministerial  intelligence.  As  a  proof  of  the  systematic  line  of  falsehoods  published  by  the  continental  telegraphs,  we  would  direct  particular  attention  to  the  two  conflicting  statements  which  appeared  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  as  well  as  in  the  London  papers,  of  yesterday.  One  or  other  of  those  two  statements  must  be  a  posi positive  tive positive  falsehood.  And  it  is  a  matter  of  no  moment  to  the  public  which  of  them  is  true  or  false,  either  doing  a  certain  amount  of  m  i  sc  hi  e  f  in  would—bythi  this  country—answer  the  purpose  of  a  designing  foe,  or  a  stock  jobbing  blackleg.  Looking  at  this  growing  and  uncontrouled  source  of  danger,  we  do  not  hesitate  to  advocate  at  once  a  perfectly  open  and  undisguised  diplomacy,  which STYLE=superscript  shall,  in  a  periodical  bulletin,  publish  all  such  intelligence  as--  will  enable  the  fundholdor,  merchant,  ship shipowner,  owner, shipowner,  and  large  produce-holders,  to  conduct  their  business  with  the  utmost  degree  of  safety  possible,  and,  at  the  same  time,  defeat  the  nefarious"
