text
"OPENING  OF  THE  SESSION  OF  PARLIAMENT.  Yesterday  Her  Majesty  Queen  Victoria  opened  the  Parliamentary  Session  of  the  year  1856  in  person.  •At  ten  minutes  before  two  o'clock  her  Majesty,  accompanied  by  Prince  Albert,  left  Buckingham  Palace  in  state,  and  was  loudly  cheered  by  an  enormous  crowd  which  had  collected,  despite  the  extreme  coldness  of  the  day.  The  procession  moved  at  a  tolerably  rapid  pace  through  the  Park  to  the  Horse  Guards,  and  thence  along  Whitehall  and  Parliament-street  to  the  Victoria  Tower.  The  usual  preparatious  were  made  al-ng  the  line  of  route  for  the  accommodation  of  persons  desirous  of  witnessing  the  royal  procession.  At  the  Horse  Guards,  at  the  Chapel  Royal,  and  at  must  of  the  private  houses,  there  was  a  large  number  of  visitors.  From  Bucking Buckingham  ham Buckingham  Palace  to  the  Houses  of  Parliament  her  Majesty's  progress  was  greeted  with  onecontinueus  cheer.  When  the  royal  procession  arrivel  at  the  house  a  salute  was  fired,  and  the  bells  of  S.  Margaret's  church  rang  cut  a  merry  peal.  11;ralajestv  alighted  at  the  Victoria  Tower,  and  was  received  by  the  Lord  Chancellor,  Eirl  Granville,  the  Duke  of  Argyll,  the  Earl  or  Harrowhy,  and  others  of  the  ministry,  and  by  them  escorted  to  the  Royal  Robing Robingroom.  room. Robingroom.  Long  before  this  time  the  House  of  Lords  was  well  filled  with  peer  , STYLE=superscript  ,  and  the  galleries  were  crowded  with  reresses  and  thi  it  friends,  every  available  seat,  whether  in  the  body  of  the  house  or  in  the  galleries,  being  occupied.  The  (o  , STYLE=superscript  ps  diplornatique  occupied  scats  at  the  back  of  the  ecclesiadical  bench.  The  attendance  of  the  respective  foreign  courts  was  very  large.  Precisely  at  two  o'clock  her  Majesty,  robed  and  wear wearing  ing wearing  the  insignia  of  the  garter,  and  a  splendid  diamond  tiara,  entered  tie  house  amidst  a  flourish  of  trumpets  and  salvo  of  Artillery.  All  present  rose,  and  at  this  moment  the  house  presented  a  most  brilliant  and  animated  appeal  mice,  owing  to  the  beauty  of  the  ladies  and  ti►e  brilliancy  of  their  attire,  the  colours  and  rays  of  which  were  of  every  hue  that  the  eye  can  conceive,  and  being  most  tastefully,  almost  artistically,  interspersed,  had  a  most  pleasing  effect.  lice  Majesty,  having  ascended  the  throne,  with  Prince  Albert  on  her  left-hand,  and  surrounded  by  the  great  officers  of  state,  graciously  requested  the  assembly  to  be  seated,  and  at  oni:e  commanded  Sir  Augustus  Clifford,  the  Gentleman-Usher  of  the  Black  Rod,  to  summon  the  immediate  attendance  of  the  House  of  Commons.  The  Speaker,  attired  in  his  full  state  robes,  shortly  after  appeared  at  the  bar  of  the  house,  attended  by  a  great  number  of  members.  The  Lord  Chancellor,  kneeling  at  the  foot  of  the  throne,  then  delivered  to  her  Majesty  the  speech.  Ibe  Queen,  with  great  dignity  and  unsurpassab  l  e  grace,  then  delivered  the  following  MOST  GRACIOUS  SPEECH.  my  LORDS  AND  GENTLEMEN,  Since  the  close  of  the  last  session  of  Parliament,  the  arms  of  the  Allies  have  achieved  a  signal  and  important  success:  Sebastopol,  the  great  stronghold  of  Russia  in  the  Black  Sea,  has  yielded  to  the  persevering  constancy  and  to  the  daring  bravery  of  the  allied  forces.  The  naval  and  military  preparations  for  the  ensu ensuing  ing ensuing  year  have  necessarily  occupied  my  serious  attention  ;  but,  while  determined  to  omit  no  effort  which  could  give  vigour  to  the  operations  of  the  war,  I  have  deemed  it  my  duty  not  to  decline  any  overtures  which  might  reasonably  afford  a  prospect  of  a  safe  and  honourable  peace.  Accordingly,  when  the  Emperor  of  Austria  lately  offered  to  myself  and  to  my  august  ally,  the  Emperor  of  the  French,  to  employ  his  good  offices  with  the  Emperor  of  Russia,  with  a  view  to  endeavour  to  bring  about  an  amicable  adjustment  of  the  matters  at  issue  between  the  contending  powers,  I  consented,  in  concert  with  my  Allies,  to  accept  the  offer  thus  made:;  and  I  have  the  satisfaction  to  inform  you  that  certain  conditions  have  been  agreed  upon  which  I  hope  may  prove  the  foundation  of  a  general  Treaty  of  Peace.  Nogoo:o.tinno  £o»  ....ob.  t  €arockloy  -4•411  oborkly  bo  opened  at  Paris.  In  conducting  those  negotiations,  I  shall  bo  careful  not  to  lose  sight  of  the  objects  for  which  the  war  was  undertaken;  awl  I  shall  deem  it  right  in  no  degree  to  relax  my  naval  and  military  preparations  until  a  satisfactory  treaty  of  peace  shall  have  been  concluded.  Although  the  war  in  which  I  am  engaged  was  brought  on  by  events  in  the  South  of  Europe,  my  attention  has  not  been  withdrawn  from  the  state  of  things  in  the  North;  aid,  in  conjunction  with  the  Emperor  of  the  French,  I  have  concluded  with  the  King  of  Sweden  and  Nom  ty,  a  treaty  containing  defensive  en;a4l:nents  applicable  to  his  domi dominions,  nions, dominions,  and  tending  to  the  preservation  of  the  balance  of  power  in  that  part  of  ll'Op  0  I  have  also  concluded  a  treity  of  frieniship,  commerce,  and  navigation  with  the  Republic  of  Chili.  I  have  given  directions  that  these  treaties  shall  be  laid  before  you.  :  . STYLE=superscript  .ELEMEN  OF  THE  HOUSE  OF  COMMONS—  The  E.,Limates  for  the  ensuin4  year  will  be  laid  before  yo,.t.  You  will  find  them  framed  in  such  a  manner  IN  to  provide  for  the  exigencies  of  war,  if  peace  should,  unfortunately,  not  be  concluded.  MY  LORDS  AND  GENTLEMEN—  It  is  gratifying  to  me  to  ob:i  , STYLE=superscript  rve  that,  notwith notwithstanding  standing notwithstanding  the  pressure  of  the  war,  and  the  burthens  and  sacrifices  which  it  has  ,  unavoidably  imposed  upon  my  people,  the  resources  of  my  Empire  remain  unimpaired.  I  rely  with  confidence  on  the  manly  spirit,  and  enlightened  patriotism  ;  of  my  loyal  subjects  for  a  continuance  of  that  support  which  they  have  so  nobly  afforded  me,  and  they  may  be  assured  that  I  shall  not  call  upon  them  for  exer exertions  tions exertions  beyond  what  may  be  required  by  a  die  regard  for  the  great  interests,  the  honour,  and  the  dignity  of  the  Empire.  There  are  many  subjects  connected  with  internal  improvement,  which  I  recommend  to  your  attentive  consideration.  The  difference  which  exists  in  sev,;ral  im important  portant important  particulars  between  the  commercial  laws  of  Scotland  and  those  of  the  other  parts  of  the  United  Kingdom,  has  occasioned  inconven inconvenience  ience inconvenience  to  a  large  portion  of  my  subjects  engaged  in  trade.  Measures  will  be  proposed  to  you  for  remedy remedyin  in remedyin  g  this  evil.  Measures  will  also  be  proposed  to  you  for  improving  the  laws  relating  to  partnership,  by  simplifying  those  laws,  and  thus  rendering  more  easy  the  employment  of  capital  in  commerce.  The  system  under  which  merchant-shipping  is  liable  to  pay  local  dues,  and  passing  tolls,  has  been  the  subject  of  much  complaint.  Measures  will  be  proposed  to  you  for  affording  relief  in  regard  to  those  matters.  Other  important  measures  for  improving  the  Law  in  Great  Britain  and  in  Ireland  will  be  proposed  to  you,  which  will,  I  doubt  not,  receive  your  attentive  consideration.  Upon  these  and  all  other  matters  upon  which  you  may  deliberate,  I  fervently  pray  that  the  bles blessing  sing blessing  of  Divine  Providence  may  favour  your  coun councils,  cils, councils,  and  guide  them  to  the  promotion  of  the  great  object  of  my  unvarying  solicitude—the  welfare  and  the  happiness  of  my  people.  .  .  Her  Majesty  then  bowed  to  the  assemhlr.d  Peers,  and  deseendiHg  from  the  throne,  quitted  the  House  in  the  same  state  as  she  had  entered.  Their  Lordships  then  adjourned  during  pleaure.  .  _  The  Queen  returned  to  buckinghain  Palace,  and  along  the  whole  line  of  route  was  greeted  with  the  must  enthusiastic  cheers  of  an  immense  concourse  of  her  loyal  and  devoted  subjects.  At  th  re-astemblinz  of  their  Lordships  at  five  o'clock,  after  the  tran.action  of  some  thimportant  business,  The  Earl  of  GDSE's)iio  moved  th  t  a  Ilreqs  in  answer  to  her  itiajnsty's  speech.  He  observed  that  from  experience  gained  , STYLE=superscript  luring  the  last  two  3-earn  he  had  ant  cipated  a  bril  'ant  and  successful  camoaign  this  year,  but  the  cbcomitances  had  changed  before  their  Lordships,  and  he  now  appt.arcd  as  an  advocate  for  peace.  Tho  prospect  of  war  came  suddenly  upon  the  country,  ju,t  as  she  had  shaken  eff  the  effects  of  forty  years'  peace,  and  it  must  not  give  star-"
