text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  AMERICA.  ARRIVAL  OF  THE  ATLANTIC.  [The  following  appeared  with  a  part  of  onr  impres impression  sion impression  of  yesterday.]  The  American  mail  steamer,  Atlantic,  Captain  West,  has  just  arrived  in  the  Mersey,  from  New  York,  whence  she  sailed  on  the  29th  ult.  By  her  we  have  received  our  usual  files  of  papers  and  private  correspondence  from  that  port  to  the  date  on  which  she  left,  which  are  four  days  later  than  those  previously  to  hand.  The  Atlantic  has  brought  500,000  dollars  in  specie,  and  98  passengers.  During  the  passage  she  experienced  strong  S.W.  winds,  and  was  de detained  tained detained  several  hours  in  the  channel  by  fog.  She  also  waited  at  the  bar  one  hour  for  water.  The  steamer  Niagara,  from  Liverpool,  with  ad advices  vices advices  to  the  16th  ult.,  reached  Boston  at  three  o'clock  p.m.,  on  the  28th  ult.  Her  mails  were  delivered  in  New  York  on  the  morning  of  the  29th.  The  steamer  Hermann,  from  Southampton,  ar arrived  rived arrived  at  New  York  on  the  morning  of  the  29th,  after  a  rough  passage.  The  steamer  Northern  Light  had  arrived  at  New  York  (after  having  put  into  Norfolk),  from  San  Juan,  with  1,500,000  dollars  in  specie,  and  advices  from  San  Francisco  to  the  Ist  of  October.  The  commercial  news  from  the  Golden  State  was  deemed  to  be  rather  unsatisfactory.  The  markets  generally  are  represented  as  being  depressed,  owing  to  accumulated  stocks,  and  a  general  decline  had  taken  place  in  nearly  all  the  leading  articles.  Goods  upon  which  an  advance  had  heen  obtained  in  August,  and  which  had  been  stored  in  anticipation  of  better  prices,  were  in  some  instances,  being  forced  upon  the  market  at  ruinous  prices,  owing  to  the  scarcity  of  money.  No  immediate  improvement  was  looked  for,  as  merchants  were  compelled  to  pay  large  sums  for  freight  upon  goods  arriving,  which  were  being  stored  to  save  shippers  from  serious  losses.  The  inrisct  sums  obtained  as  advances  on  goods  stored,  had,  it  is  stated,  Peen,  111  alui  o  ovowy  ni  ce.  re remitted  mitted remitted  to  the  Atlantic  States  ;  renewals  were  con consequently  sequently consequently  made  with  extra  difficulty.  The  great  staple  of  California—Gold  Dust—came  in  slowly,  but  prices  were  unchanged.  With  the  commence  ment  of  the  rainy  season  increased  receipts  were  calculated  upon.  The  Californian  mails  of  the  Ist  of  October  had  reached  New  York  by  the  steamer  Ohio,  and  those  for  England  have  come  forward  by  the  Atlantic.  The  British  mail  steamer,  Conway,  is  reported  to  have  put  into  Savannah,  disabled  ;  her  passen passengers  gers passengers  and  mails  were  all  safe.  Our  New  York  correspondent  writes—that  the  bark  Howard,  from  Newport,  Wales,  bound  to  Norfolk,  Vr.,  with  railroad  iron,  went  ashore  on  the  22nd,  on  Watchaprigne  shoals  ;  the  crew  were  all  saved.  The  ship  William  Sturgess,  of  Boston,  and  the  ship  Lapland,  from  St  John's,  N.  8.,  both  bound  to  Liverpool,  have  been  reported  ashore  ;  the  former,  24  miles  west  of  Quoddy  Head—a  tow-boat  has  gone  to  her  assistance  ;  the  latter  was  ashore  at  Trescott,  Me.,  her  masts  were  gone,  and  had  ten  feet  of  water  in  her  hold—she  would  be  almost  a  wreck.  From  Washington  we  learn  that  John  Duffy,  of  New  York,  has  been  appointed  Consul  to  GalwaY,  Ireland,  and  A.  D.  Gall,  of  Indiana,  to  the  same  office  at  Antwerp.  At  Pittsburgh  a  serious  Irish  riot  had  occurred  between  some  railroad  laborers,  from  Cork,  and  some  from  Connaught,  in  which  two  men  had  fallen  victims,=.and  . STYLE=superscript  several  others  were  injured.  ,  At  Providence,  on  the  night  of  the  26th,  a  serious  fire  occurred:  It  broke  out  in  a  dry  goods  store,  in  the  Howard  Block,  which  spread  so  rapidly  that  before  the  flames  could  be  subdued  nearly  the  en entire  tire entire  Block  was  consumed—the  Theatre  and  Mu Museum  seum Museum  included.  The  total  losS  is  estimated  at  from  300,000  to  500,000  dollars.  In  New  York  the  Free  Soil  Democrats  lAA  held  a  great  Mass  meeting  in  Tammany  Hall,  for  the  purpose  of  ratifying  the  nominations  made  by  that  party  for  City  and  County  Officers.  The  Free  Democrats  also  assembled  at  the  Stuyvesant  Insti Institute,  tute, Institute,  which  was  thinly  attended.  The  ship  Plymouth  Rock  had  arrived  at  Callao,  from  Melbourne,  Port  Philip,  she  sailed  on  the  20ths  of  August,  and  arrived  at  Callao  on  the  20th  September—thus  making  the  voyage  in  thirty-one  daysL--=the  shortest  on  record.  The  advices  are  not  quite  so  late  as  those  received  direct.  The  general  advises  brought  to  New  York  by  the  steamers  1V  ortiletn  Light  and  Ohio  are  of  general  interest.  The  health  at  the  Isthmus  was  good,  and  the  roads  in  good  order.  A  rumour  was  current  in  San  Francisco  that  another  expedition  was  organizing  in  that  place,  or  other  ports  of  California  of  a  revolutionary  character,  against  the  ;date  of  Ecuador.  The  officials  are  said  tope  upon  the  look  out  for  the  purpose  of  suppressing  ,such  Movements.  From  Oregon  we  are  informed  that  a  treaty  has  been  concluded  with  the  Indians  on  Rouge  River.  The  Indians  were  to  be  paid  60,000  dollars  for  the  land,  1,500  dollars  being  witheld  as  indemnity  to  persons  who  have  suffered  by  their  depredations.  The  Alta-California  states  that  a  number  of  Russians  (12,000)  are  preparing  to  emigrate  to  the  Sandwich  Islands,  under  the  immediate  auspicies  of  the  Emperor.  The  same  paper  calls  upon  the  United  States  government  to  look  into  this  matter,  as  assuredly  such  emigration  cannot  be  supposed.  to  be  for  the  sole  purpose  of  colonization;  and  that  it  is  improbable  that  England,  or  France,  will  look  upon  it  as  such.  From  Valparaiso  we  learn  that  two  hundred  thousand  dollar's  worth  of  property  had  been  destroyed  in  the  city  by  fire.  A  Brazilian  war  vessel—the  first—had  entered  the  harbour.  Twb  destructive  fires  had  occurred  in  the  province  of  Capaipo..  Freights  were  firm  at  Valparaiso,  and  flour  had  advanced  in  price.  At  the  Chincha  Islands  there  were  upwards  of  one  hundred  vessels  loading  or  waiting  their  turn  to  receive  cargoes  of  guano.  Several  of  these  ves vessels  sels vessels  must  remain  for  months  at  the  islands  before  they  can  be  supplied.  It  was  said  that  the  Peruvian  government  had  agreed  to  allow  full  compensation  for  the  insults  and  injury  to  the  Americans.  Queen  Pomare,  having  been  cured  of  the  small smallpox,  pox, smallpox,  issued  a  decree  to  the  Constituent  Assembly  of  Tahiti,  which  is  published,  as  is  also  the  address  of  the  United  States  Consul  to  the  King  of  the  Sandwich  Islands  upon  the  occasion  of  his  presen presentatiou  tatiou presentatiou  to  his  Majesty.  We  have  later  advices  from-  Central.  America.  Our  dates  from  the.capital  of  Costa  Rica  are  up  to  the  Bth  ult.,  and  in  the  journals  which  we  have  received  from  San  Jose  we  have  dates  from  Gua Guatemala  temala Guatemala  to.  the  2nd  of  September,  and  from  San  Salvador  to  the  9th.  Hostilities  were  still  being  carried  on  between  these  two  last-named  republics.  party  of  men,  under  one  Senor  Rubi,  had  inva inva,  , inva,  (led  the  territory  of  Guatemala,  and  sacked  some  towns.  On  the  other  hand,  a  party  of  three  hundred  men,  under  the  command  .of  Colonel.  Zabala.  had  landed  in  the  port  of  Omoa,  belonging  to  Honduras.  The  commandant  of  the  latter  port  was  shut  up  in  the  Castle  with  his  garrison,  being  only  provisioned  for  eight  days.  Forces  had  been  sent  to  the  assistance  of  the  garrison.  The  Central  American  papers  were  discussing  the  question  of  the  proposed  Spanish  protectorate,  and  ..  had  mostly  aeclared  opposition  to  that  scheme.  The  commercial  news  is,  upon  the  whole,  per perhaps,  haps, perhaps,  rather  more  satisfactory  ;  the  demand  for  money  continued  active  ;  and,  although  there  had  been  no  reduction  in  the  rate  of  interest,  yet  there  was  evidently  more  confidence  felt  in  in  commer commercial  cial commercial  circles.  On  call,  money  was  freely  offered,  but  long  commercial  paper  was  with  difficulty  negoci negociated  ated negociated  at  the  current  rates.  The  contraction  on  the  part  of  the  banks,  from  the  15th  to  the  22nd  instant,  they  contracted  their  discount  lines  2,469,000  dollars,  making  since  the  6th  August  upwards  of  twelve  and  a  half  millions  of  dollars.  The  decrease  in  the  deposits  last  week  was  3,319,  000  dollars.  Some  of  the  merchants  complain  that  the  banks  treat  them  illiberally.  The  latest  report  of  the  Stock  market  says,—Stocks  have  fluctuated  a  good  deal  during  the  week  ;  the  tendency  is  now  up upward,  ward, upward,  but  the  improvement  will  hardly  be  extensive  or  lasting  until  we  have  an  easier  money  market.  Prices  of  nearly  all  the  speculative  descriptions  stand  higher  than  at  this  time  last  week.  The  imports  of  dry  goods  continued  large,  and  as  the  fall  trade  was  over  they  would  prove  a  dead  weight.  Foreign  Exchange  was  depressed  by  the  scarcity  of  money.  The  quotations  on  London  were  from  109!  to  1091.  Our  correspondent  gives  the  folloWing  statement  of  the  condition  of  . STYLE=superscript  the  markets  for  bread  stuffs.  On-  Wednesday,  only  a  limited  business  was  done  in  flour,  owing  to  the  extreme  rates  asked  for  freights,  the  late  unfavourable  advices  brought  out  by  the  Asia,  and  the  tightness  of  the  money  mar market.  ket. market.  On  Thursday,  upon  the  receipt  of  the  Nia Niagara's  gara's Niagara's  news  via  Halifax,  (by  telegraph),  which  is  considered  favourable,  some  activity  sprung  up,  and  more  was  doing  in  almost  all  descriptions  of  brands,  at  improved  prices.  This  continued,  throughout  Friday.  The  commoner  kinds  of  flour  being  most  in  demand,  Southern  was  somewhat  less  asked  for.  The  advices  from  California  report  the  departure  from  San  Francisco  of  the  steamer  Pacific  for  San  Juan  del  Sud,  with  460  passengers  and  $1,500,000  in  gold,  and  the  steamer  Panama,  for  Panama,  with  $1,100,000  in  gold."
