text
"LITER  - STYLE=superscript  ATURE,  The  Outlines  of  IndiiQualism.  A  Lecture  by  William  Maccall.  London  :  Holyoake  and  Co.  THE  author  of  this  pamphlet  has  been  long  and,  favourably  known  as  an  earnest,  vigorous,  and  original  writer  ;  and  .  his  works  generally  are  characterised  by  broadness  of  design—depth  of  thought  --  extraordinary  energy  and  exquisite  taste.  Although  we  cannot  in  several  respects  agree  with  Mr.  Maacall's  conclusions,  neverthelegs  we  truly  admire  his  manly  sincerity—generous  impulses  and  undoubted  genius.  We  never  penised  his  writings  without  being  benefited  thereby,  and  feeling  our  hearts  stirred  up  to  labour  in  the  cause  of  humanity  with  greater  devo devotion  tion devotion  and  more  untiring  zeal.  The  pamphlet  before  us  is  to  be  chiefly  commended  for  its  suggestive  ness.  It  is  an  elegant  and  eloquent  protestation  against  popular  abuses  and  errors  ;  and  will  net  fail  to  commend  itself  to  the  enlightened  and andliberal  liberal andliberal  reader.  We  recommend  the  following  to  the  serious  attention  of  Messrs.  Bright  and  Co  IRELAND.  [FRoxt  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.  j  DUBLIN,  FRIDAY,  OPPOSING  THE  LANN%—We  do  not  know  whether  L  , STYLE=superscript  or  not  our  readers  are  aware  of  a  little  bit  of  agi-  I  tation  got  up  on  their  own  account  by  the  clergy,of  the  deanery  of  Those  reverend  fathers  'recently  held  an  assemblage  of  the  body,  at.  Which,  after  denouncing  the  principle  of  the  Income  Tax  as  appli  ca  bl  e  to  themselves,  first  upon  ;  the  grounds  of  the  refusal  of  the  State  to  recognise  1  '  their  '  status  as  .clergymen,  and  contending  that  ;  neither  should  it  tax  them  Secondly  they  say  that  •  they  have  legally'  no  incoine.  Whatever  they  have  is  derived  from  the  voluntary  offerings,  of  their  flocks—offerings  which  they  may  give  or  withhold.  They  say  they  will  resist  the  collection  by  all  legal  means,  and  they  call  for  sympathy  and  Support  in  their  opposition.  Well,  they  are  not  without  sympathisers,  for  in  the  Freeman's  Journal  -appears  a.  letter  from  the  Rev.  Mr.  M'Evoy,  Kell  - STYLE=superscript  s;  in  the  diocese  of  which  the  Right  ReV.'  Dr.t  Cantwell  has  (control,  towards  covering  his  -  -contribution,  in  which  he  ,promises  them  every  countenance  and  support  in  his  power.  -‘  Here  is  the  foundation  of  a  nice  little  agitation.  The  result  will  be  watched  with  interest,  but  we  can  •hardly  be  e2itravagant  in  _supposing  that  the  law  -  after  all  will  be  enforced.  BEQUEST  TO  THE  GENERAL  ASSEMDLY.--3001,  each  haS  been  paid  to  the  Treasurer  of  the  Home,-  Foreign,  and  Jewish  Missions  of  the  General  Assembly  of  Ireland  by  the  friends  of  the  late  .  --Mr—Samuel  M'Dowall,  of  Moira.  COMMUNICATION  BETWEEN  BELFAST  AND  SCOTLAND.  —Upon  this  subject  a  deputation  waited  this  Week  on  the  directors  of  the  Belfast  and  county  Down  line  of  railway,  to  induce  them  to  extend  their  lino  to  Bangor  and  Donaghadee.  The  latter  promised  extension  in  eTiery  way  they  could,  and  it  was  arranged  that  - STYLE=superscript  surveys  bhota4  taken  by  the  company's  engineers,  and  the  pro pro__bable  __bable pro__bable  expense  of  the  execution  of  them',  the  depu deputation  tation deputation  pledging  themselves  to  contribute  largely,  by  taking  stock  in  the  company,  or  otherwise,  to  the  funds  requisite  for  the  purpose  of-extension.'  DOWLING  V.  L.A.WLER.—This  case  had  not  con concluded  cluded concluded  yesterday.  Upon  - STYLE=superscript  that  day  Mr.  M`Carthy,.  Q.C.,  addressed  the  jury  in'  an  able  speech  fOr  the  '  defence.  '  1 STYLE=superscript  Mr.  John  - STYLE=superscript  Sadleii.,  M.P.:,  the  real  defend  ant  in  the  case,  was  then  examined,  and  cross  Lex  =tined  at  great  length  by  Mr.  MacDo  n  a  g  h,  Q.C.  •  He  '  distirictlTTenfid  being  the  moving  party  in  Dowling's  case,  and  swore  that  ;  Crotty  was  the  bona bona,  , bona,  fide  actor  all  through.  The  court  adjourned  until  this  morning,  but  it  is  expected  the  case  will  not  conclude  until  Saturday.  -  EFFECTS  OF  THE  STORM.-011  the  19th  inst.  the  trunk  of  Awoman  was  washed  ashore'  at  Howth,  near  the  Bailey  Light-house.  The  following  tide  the  bodies  of  a  male  and  female  were  washed  up  at  the  same  place  ;  and  on  the  same  day  the  body  of  a  man  wanting  the  head,  was  washed  ashore  near  Malahide.  Another  body  went  ashore  at  the  North  Bull,  and  the  skeleton  of  another  man  was  washed  ashore  at  Sandymount.  Mr.  Davis,  the  county  coroner,  to  whom  the  several  cases  were  repor  t  e  d  ,  declined  holding  any  inquests,  considering  them  to  have  been  the  bodies  of.  some  of  the  unfortunate  persons  lost  in  the  •  Queen  Victoria  steamer,  and  thrown  up  by  the  late  storm;  and  gave  orders  for  theta  All  to  be  interred  in  the  churchyards  nearest  to-where  they  were  - STYLE=superscript  found.  - STYLE=superscript  The  bodies  were  mere  'slielettins,  and  in  most  instances  imperfect:Se  - STYLE=superscript  that  identification  was  altogether  out  of  the  question.  There  is  a  Spanish  vessel  ashore  in  the  Bay  of  Dundi'um—one  in  Carlingford  Bay,  and  we.hear  of  two  others  injured.in  Dundalk  Bay.  There  are  facts  which  prove  the  necessity  of  making  Carling  ford  Bay  a  harbour  of  refuge  C.R4YO.N  SEETCZIES  BY  COUNT  DE  GABALIS  Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  Daily  Times,  NO.  Iv.  COMMISSIONER  MURPHY--(Continued.)  •  Rapidly  and  well  he  appears  to  have  run  through  his  course  of  studies  at  Clongowes  Wood  College,  after  gleaning  apparently  all  that  could  138  taught  there,  and  he  lost  no  time  in  betaking  himself  to  Trinity  College,  .Dublin.  The  university  he  had  evinced  uncommon  anxiety  for  a  considerable  period  to'  enter,  as  he  felt,  as  he  often  said  it  would,  set  him  to  work  to  keep  himself  afloat  in  the  Hel Hellespont.  lespont. Hellespont.  But  even  here  his  barque  seemed  to  have  suffered  no  danger  of  foundering,  since  gaily  and  freely  she  crested  the  billows,  and  came  right  gal  lantly  into  harbour.  In  .  Is2o  he  carried  off  the  gold  medal  prize.  It  was  said  as  well  as  surmised  on  this  occasion  that  much  .  of  his  success  might  have  been  ascribed  to  the  Rev.  Charles.  Boyton  but  that  clever  and  enliglited  man  was  heard  to  de declare  clare declare  with  his  wonted  candour  that  there  was  more  in  Stack  Murphy  at  the  time  rather  to  , STYLE=superscript  afford  than  to  receive  instruction.  Amidst  all  his'  natural  gaiety  and  facetiousness  'of  disposition,  there  was  . STYLE=superscript  ever  perceptible  to  thoSe  associates  who  knew  hini  intithately,  or  marked  him  - STYLE=superscript  closely;  a  latent  but  la laborious.  borious. laborious.  current  of  utility,  that  Was  •  always;  pro progres-sing,  gres-sing, progres-sing,  and  'making  its  way  into  light  and  life.  The  pleasure  of  society  and  .  the  dulc  socialitium  of  the  festive  hour,  which  he  seemed  to  enjoy  with  as  much  reliSh  as  the  most  careless  of  his  acquaint acquaintances,  ances, acquaintances,  were  never  allowed  to  interfere  with  his  prb prbgressive  gressive prbgressive  and  steady  advancement.  •  His  profeSional  selection  had  been  for  some  time  made  for  the  bar,  and  to  the  surprise  of  his  'friends  and  the  'regret  Of  his,  greatest  admirers,  he  resigned  all  thnughtB,  if  he  ever  entertained  them;  of  committing  his  pro processional  cessional processional  exertions  to  the  Irish  circuits.  In  1835,_  he  was  accordingly  called  _to  the  'English  _  bar.  Even  - STYLE=superscript  here  his'eye  to  business  was,as  usual,  prompt  anddediiive,  when  he  selected`the  great.  northern  cirouit.  •  •"
