text
"THE  FRENCH  FUNDS.  PARIS,  IVEDNE3DAY  EVENING.  The  transactions  on  the  Bourse  to-day  closed  as  follows  :—Four  and  a  half  per  cents.,  91f.  25e.  Three  per  cents.,  63f.  THOMAS'S  SHILLING  CONCERTS  PHILHARMONIC-HALL.  Mr.  Thomas  assumed  his  baton  for  his  season  of  1856  (to  last  one  month)  on  Tuesday  evening,  and  was  honoured  with  the  presence  of  a  large  assemblage,  who  appeared  to  derive  much  pleasure  from  the  performances.  There  are  many  now  faces  in  the  band  this  season,  but  in  general  excel excellence,  lence, excellence,  the  band  never  was  equalled  at  these  concerts.  The  se selections  lections selections  are,  as  before,  culled  judiciously  from  the  best  masters,  consist  - STYLE=superscript  ng  of  overtures,  symphonies,  danse-music,  inter interspersed  spersed interspersed  with  solos,  for  Prospero,  the  giant  of  the  orchestra;  De  Folley  (flute);  Gobin,  whose  purity  of  tone  on  the  cornet  is  only  rivalled  by  Kcenig  ;  Sorge  (clarionet),  &amp;c.;  and  last,  though  not  least,  the  charming  Madame  Amadei  un undertakes  dertakes undertakes  the  vocal  department  and  sings  each  night  two  or  three  songs.  This  lady  is  the  fortunate  possessor  of  a  remarkable  contralto  voice,  and  though  a  little  deficient  in  fire,  sings  in  a  very  pleasant  style  all  the  favourite  airs  of  the  contralto  role.  She  sang  last  night  donne  e  from  Rigoletto,  and  substituted  the  ever  pleasing  when  encored.  Other  vocalists  are  to  follow  on  the  termination  of  Madame  Amedei's  engagement.  The  band  last  night  gave  the  overture  to  William  with  great  precision  and  effect  in  all  its  varied  features,  and  the  andante,  from  Mende  lssoh  n'  s  Italian  was  a  specimen  of  quiet  chaste  harmony  that  could  hardly  be  surpassed.  The  selection  from  was  admirably  played,  and  also  some  interesting  polkas  and  valsee.  These  concerts  are  a  very  satisfactory,  quiet,  recreation  for  two  hours  nightly,  and  we  can  conscientiously  recommend  them  to  all  classes,  as  affording  an  opportunity  of  hearing  the  very  best  music,  played  by  master  hands,  for  a  mere  nominal  charge.  We  trust  this  season  will  afford  delight  to  many  thousands,  and  at  the  same  time  repay  the  spirited  conductor,  who  provides  the  banquet.  CORONER'S  INQUEST.—Yesterday  the  deputy-coroner  held  an  inquest  on  the  body  of  a  child,  aged  thirteen  months,  the  son  of  Mr.  Harris,  master  of  the  North  Corpo Corporation  ration Corporation  Schools.  On  Christmas-day  the  child  pulled  a  jug  of  hot  water  off  the  table  on  itself,  and  was  so  injured  that  it  died  from  the  effects.  Verdict  accordingly.  SUICIDE  AT  BOOTLE.—Yesterday  morning,  a  master  car carter,  ter, carter,  named  Thomas  Booth,  residing  at  Bank  Cottage,  Bootle,  hung  himself  in  his  own  stable,  The  deceased  was  38  years  of  age,  and  for  some  time  past  be  had  suffered  from  low  spirits,  in  consequence  of  his  horses  being  idle.  On  New  Year's  morning  he  made  an  attempt  to  hang  himself  with  a  handkerchief,  but  was  prevented  by  his  wife.  On  Tuesday  he  was  in  a  very  low  state,  and  lay  is  bed  the  moat  part  of  the  day.  At  ten  o'clock  he  asked  his  wife  to  get  a  pint  of  ale  to  cheer  him,  but  he  did  not  drink  it;  he  got  up  about  four  o'clock  to  feed  the  horses,  and  about  eight  o'clock  his  wife  found  him  hanging  in  the  stable.  There  was  an  inquest  on  the  body  yesterday,  when  the  jury  returned  a  verdict  of  temporary  The  Prease  d'Orient  of  Constantinople  says  that  the  Czar  has  admirably  received  the  French  officers  who  were  taken  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Kinburn.  His  Rassian  Majesty  is  reported  to  have  said  to  them,  I  shall  soon  shake  hands  with  you  as  your  RE3fARKAULEIBTEOIII.—A  very  brilliant  and  remarkable  meteor  was  witnessed  at  Southampton  on  Monday  last.  At  about  fiva  minutes  before  five  o'clock  in  the  afternoon  a  streak  of  light  darted  down  from  the  heavens,  and  when  apparently  about  a  mile  and  a  half  above  the  earth,  the  lower  end  of  it  expanded  into  a  blue  and  red  ball  of  fire,  about  six  inches  in  diameter.  This  ball  separated  from  the  streak,  and  as  it  was  falling  towards  the  earth  it  separated  in  five  smaller  balls  which  vanished  in  the  haze  that  eb ebsoured  soured ebsoured  the  horizon  in  the  south-west.  But  the  moat  remark remarkable  able remarkable  part  of  the  phenomenon  was  the  streak  of  light,  which  remained  precisely  in  the  same  spot  where  it  was  first  seen  when  the  ball  of  fire  left  it.  FRANCE.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  PARIS,  TUESDAY  EVENING  The  Austrian  government,  I  hear  to-day,  takes  the  greatest  pains  to  ccmvince  the  governments  of  England  and  France,  that  whatever  may  be  said,  her  firm  determination  is,  at  the  proper  moment,  to  take  part  in  the  war  against  Russia.  The  French  cabinet,  for  its  part,  feels  perfectly  certain  that  it  will  do  what  it  promises,  and  it  is  even  said  that  Lord  Palmerston,  who  is  known  not  to  enter entertain  tain entertain  any  great  liking  for  Austria,  declared  a  few  days  ago,  that  he  was  satisfied  with  As  a  proof  that  Austria  means  to  act  as  the  Allies  require,  it  is  stated,  that  her  Ambassadors  at  Paris  and  London  have  almost  daily  interviews  of  the  most  friendly  nature  with  Count  Walewsky  and  Lord  ,  Clarendon,  and  enter  into  the  fullest  and  frankest  explanations  with  them  on  all  matters  respecting  the  past,  the  present,  and  the  future.  To  such  an  extent  do  the  Ambassadors  carry  amiability,  that  they  have  even,  dit  on,  revealed  several  things  affecting  Russia  and  Prussia,  which  were  formerly  regarded  as  the  gravest  secrets.  They  have  always  made  known  that  the  precise  tenor  of  the  letter  addressed  by  the  King  of  Prussia  to  the  Emperor,  and  sent  by  Col.  Manteuffel,  is  to  press  Austria  to  shake  off  foreign  influence,  and  to  enter  frankly  into  the  Prussian  policy  of  neutrality.  A  telegraphic  despatch  informs  us  that  the  Dres Dresden  den Dresden  Journal,  which  is  supposed  to  speak  with  authority,  declares  in  its  number  of  last  evening  that  the  negotiations  for  peace  at  St.  Petersburg  are  not  :absolutely  unfavourable,  and  that,  at  all  events,  Russia  will  not  decidedly  reject  the  Aus Austrian  trian Austrian  propositions.  This,  however,  does  not  amount  to  much,  and  does  not  accord  with  what  the  Eman Emancipation  cipation Emancipation  of  Brussels  told  us  yesterday.  I  need  hardly  remark  that  even  supposing  it  be  true,  it  does  not  affect  in  any  way  what  I  have  more  than  once  had  occasion  to  say,  as  to  not  the  slightest  hopes  of  peace  being  entertained  from  the  Austrian  propositions.  13  - STYLE=superscript  37  the  Euphrate,  just  arrived  at  Marseilles,  we  have  accounts  from  Constantinople  to  the  31st  ult.  In  the  Crimea,  the  Russians  are  keeping  up  a  vigorous  fire  to  prevent,  or  rather  delay,  the  blow blowing  ing blowing  up  of  the  docks  at  Sebastopol.  Fifteen  vessels  had  been  wrecked  near  Kamiesch,  and  one,  con containing  taining containing  ammunition  and  clothing,  destroyed  by  fire.  The  French  Ambassador  had  presented  the  Sultan,  in  a  very  pompous  ceremony,  with  the  Grand  Cross  of  the  Legion  of  Honour,  and  had  delivered  a  very  suitable  harangue,  the  Sultan  replying.  This  is  the  first  time  the  Commander  of  the  Faithful  has  ever  accepted  a  foreign  decoration.  Greece  had  signed  a  treaty  with  the  Porte  for  the  suppression  of  brigandage.  The  decree  of  the  Egyptian  govern government  ment government  prohibiting  the  export  of  corn  had  been  abolished.  The  Moniteur  publishes  some  official  details  on  the  finances  of  Turkey.  It  appears  from  them  that  from  the  27th  May,  1853,  to  the  27th  Septem September,  ber, September,  1855,  11,200,000/.  sterling  were  disbursed  in  extraordinary  war  expenses.  I  heard  it  said  to-day,  in  an  important  financial  quarter,  that  the  French  Government,  which  had  resolved  to  delay  calling  for  a  new  loan  as  long  as  possible,  is  on  the  contrary  now  disposed  to  ask  for  it  very  - STYLE=superscript  shortly—that  its  amount  will  probably  be  £36,000,000  sterling,  and  that  Messrs.  Roth Rothschild  schild Rothschild  and  other  great  bankers  are  to  subscribe  it  .  It  was  added,  that  England  was  to  share  in  it,  or  at  least  to  guarantee  it.  But  take  notice—these  are  mere  reports,  and  I  do  not  in  any  way  vouch  for  the  authenticity  of  them.  P.S.  The  vessel  destroyed  by  fire  at  Kamiesch,  as  mentioned  above,  was  the  Themis.  She  belonged  to  England,  and  was  freighted  by  the  French  government.  She  had  on  board  30,000  projectiles,  and  3,000,000  ball  cartridges,  and  they  exploded  successively.  The  following  appeared  in  our  Extra  Editions  o  f STYLE=superscript  yesterday  :  A  BATTLE.-100  RUSSIANS  KILLED  AND  TAKEN  PRISONERS.  The  Paris  Afoniteur  of  this  morning  publishes  a  despatch  from  General  Pelissier  dated  Sebastopol,  December  28th,  which  reports  that  a  slight  en engagement  gagement engagement  took  place  on  the  previous  day  between  one  hundred  Russians  who  had  taken  up  a  posi.  tion  near  General  Autemarre's  outposts,  and  the  French.  Eighteen  of  the  enemy  were  killed,  and  the  remainder  were  taken  prisoners.  The  French  did  not  lose  a  man.  THE  WAR  IN  ASIA.  (From  the  Monitsur.)  ERZEROUM,'  DECEMBER  12.  The  Russian  army  took  up  its  position  at  Kars  last  Monday,  the  3rd  of  December.  The  troops  have  been  quartered  in  the  town,  and  a  small  division  of  about  2,000  men,  consisting  of  Cossacks  and  irregular  Kurds,  have  been  left  at  Sohardy  Dagh,  where  it  occupies  the  fortifications  erected  in  the  month  of  June  last  by  General  Mouravieff.  Yeni  Keni,  a  village  some  fifty-four  miles  from  Erzeroum,  on  the  road  to  Kars,  is  likewise  occupied  by  the  Russians,  who  have  collected  there  large  stores  of  wheat,  flour,  and  barley.  .  It  appears  that  the  Russian  General  is  apprehensive  of  Sehm  Paella's  coming  to  attack  Kars,  for  he  has  con concentrated  centrated concentrated  all  his  forces  at  that  spot,  and  has  left  at  Alexanderopol  only  a  weak  garrison,  hardly  strong  enough  to  do  the  duties  of  the  citadel.  The  Turkish  forces,  under  the  orders  of  Selim  Pacha,  are  still  encamped  in  the  mountains  of  Deveh  Boynou.  There  is  no  fear  of  the  enemy's  attempting  now  a  coup  de  main  against  Erzeroum.  The  exhaustion  of  the  troops  and  the  state  of  the  roads  forbid  it.  A  LEAP  IN  THE  DARK.—On  Sunday,  on  the  North  Kent  Railway,  a  female,  who  was  in  charge  of  police  officers,  made  her  escape  out  of  the  carriage  while  the  train  was  proceeding  at  the  rate  of  20  miles  an  hour  through  the  tunnel,  which  is  2  miles  in  length.  It  was  supposed  that  she  escaped  when  they  were  in  total  darkness  ;  she  must  have  contrived  to  open  the  door,  and  thus  let:herself  out,  without  being  felt,  as  she  was  not  missed  until  the  train  arrived  in  the  light.  Every  one  concluded  that  she  was  killed,  and  the  station-master  Mr.  William  Priee,  immedi immediately  ately immediately  proceeded  into  the  tunnel  with  an  engine  to  find  the  body,  but  to  his  surprise,  on  the  engine  corning  up  to  the  opening  of  the  tunnel,  midway  between  Higham  and  Strood,  he  found  the  woman  endeavouring  to  escape  by  climbing  up  the  cliff,  which  is  upwards  of  sixty  feet  high,  and  almost  perpendicular.  She  was  recaptured.  She  is  a  well-known  character,  named  Susannah  Kates,  and  is  fifty  years  of  age.  DESTRUCTIVE  FIRE  AT  BELFAST.—On  Monday  evening,  a  few  minutes  before  eight  o'clock,  a  fire  was  discovered  on  the  premises  of  Mr.  John  M•Laughlin,  tobaccontst,  North Northstreet,  street, Northstreet,  Belfast,  at  the  rear  of  which,  the  printing  establish establishment  ment establishment  of  Mr.  Denis  Holland,  proprietor  of  the  Ulsterman  and  Morning  Post,  was  situated.  Considerable  alarm  pre prevailed,  vailed, prevailed,  in  consequence  of  the  flames  appearing  to  spread  into  the  immediately  adjoining  establishments.  By  the  exertions  of  the  firemen,  the  casualty  apprehended  was  prevented,  and  the  disaster  was  confined  to  the  building  where  it  originated.  The  printing-office  of  the  Ulsterman  was,  however,  we  regret  to  say,  ultimately  destroyed  before  the  devouring  element  could  be  subdued.  On  inquiry,  we  learn  that  the  fire  broke  out  iu  a  snuff-shop  immediately  below  the  printing-office  where  the  Morning  Post  was,  at  the  same  moment,  being  printed  for  the  morning's  circulation.  The  flames  spread  to  the  composing-room  of  the  Ulsterman  two  floors  fell  in  consecutively,  and  the  types  half  melted  and  wholly  destroyed  by  the  into  which  they  were  knocked,  fell  to  the  ground.  The  premises  burned  had  been  only  partially  insured  ;  and  we  are  sorry  to  state  that  the  printing-office  of  the  Ulsterman,  into  which  a  large  amount  of  property,  in  types  and  other  materials,  had  just  been  transferred,  was  entirely  uncovered  by  any  insurance.—  Northern  Whig.  DISSOLUTIONS  OF  PARTNERSHIP.—R.  Miller  and  W.  Lancaster,  Preston,  Lancashire,  cotton  manufacturers.  E.  T.  Allen  and  S.  W.  North,  York,  surgeons.  S.  Fletcher,  T.  Fletcher,  H.  Sheldon,  W.  Howe,  J.  Nickson,  and  T.  Jones,  Manchester,  merchants,  so  far  as  regards  S.  Fletcher.  J.  S.  Woodhous,  James  Grimshaw,  and  Joseph  Grimshaw,  Manchester,  calico  printers.  T.  G.  Ward,  G.  Ward,  and  B.  Ward,  Leeds,  woollen  merchants,  so  far  as  regards  G.  Ward.  W.  Wardlaw,  C.  M'lndoe,  and  S.  Hodgkinson,  Manchester  and  Glasgow,  so  far  as  regards  S.  Hodgkinson.  J.  William Williamson  son Williamson  and  T.  Williamson,  Cleokheaton,  Yorkshire,  cloth  met.-  chants.  Mary  Baldwin  and  Hannah  Cochrane  Butterworth,  Bury,  Lancashire,  provision  dealers.  James  Chadwick,  J.  Chadwick,  and  T.  Chadwick,  Rochdale,  Lancashire,  cotton  spinners,  so  far  as  regards  T.  Chadwick.  James  Chadwick,  John  Chadwick,  and  T.  Chadwick,  jan.,  Rochdale  ?  La?ca La?cajsh.iErev,  jsh.iErev, La?cajsh.iErev,  a  c  n  o  s  tt  a  o  n  n  d  sp  s  i  .  nn  i  z  i  s  c  ,  h  a  o  s  ls  f  ,  ar  m  a  a  s  n  r  c  e  h  g  e  a  s  r  t  d  e  s  r,  T.  Chadwick,  commission  mmissionag  .e  j  n  u  t  n  s  ..  f  G  o  u  .  Oxley,  de  r  s,  so  N  ViarOaxslreeyg,aarndds  J.  s  Es  t  t  a  a  n  n  i  i  f  f  o  o  r  r  t  t  h  b  :  S  m  he  .  ffi  sc  e  h  ld  u  ,  nk  ir  ,  o3-  .  ,  F  m  .  W  anc  .  h  ß  es  e  t  n  e  e  r  c  ,  k  L  e,  ee  A  d  .  s  er  ,  a  .  n  ß  d  e  ß  ne  o  c  e  k  h  e  .  ,  a  D  n  .  d  S  J  o  .  u  H  ch  .  a  .B  v,  e  C  ne  .  c  l  k  .  e  S  ,  o  L  u  J  c  n  h  d  a  o  y,  n  T.  v  a  k  ,  c  n  a  s  l  o  i  c  n  o  dealers.  p  a  ri  n  d  n  s  ,  e  rs  r  yAa  s  sr  o  hd  wl  e  far  oyr  thas,  and  regar  dsGreatj  .  Ba  mB  A  f  00  .  rl  dt  G  o,  G.  e  dL  n  h  e  aa  c  nm  k  e  e  ,a  .  sLh  cotton  cashire,  cotton  spinners.  J.  Whittaker,  G.  Wood,  Carlton,  G.  W  alker,  and  C.  Watson,  Manchester,  general  ware  h  o  usemen,  so  far  as  regards  J.  Whittaker  and  G.  Wood"
