text
"CHRISTIANS  IN  THE  TURKISH  ARMY.  A  letter  in  the  Journal  des  Debats,  speaking  of  the  composition  - STYLE=superscript  of  the  Turkish  army,  says  are  doubtless  aware  that  among  the  irregular  corps  of  the  Ottoman  army  there  are  already  a  certain  number  of  Christians  ;  they  are  said  to  amount  to  seven  or  eight  thousand,  mostly  Catholics  of  Bos Bosnia  nia Bosnia  or  Albania,  It  is  now  in  contemplation  to  form  regular  corps  of  Christians.  The  government  will  commence  by  a  regiment  of  Cossacks,  Christians  of  the  Greek  Church,  who  emigrated  in  the  time  of  the  Greater  Catherine,  and  to  whom  the  Turkish  government  gave  land  in  Dobrodia,  on  the  right  bank  of  the  Danube.  A  regiment  of  900  horsemen  is  to  be  raised,  which  will  be  commanded  by  Sadyk  Pacha,  a  Pole  by  birth,  and  who,  after  having  made  the  campaign  of  Poland,  in  1830,  came  and  demand demanded  ed demanded  an  asylum  in  France;  and  when  the  republic  with withdrew  drew withdrew  from  him  the  passport  which  secured  to  him  protection,  he  went  to  Turkey.  M.  Chaikowsky  there  became  Sadyk  Effendi,  and  has  only  recently  been  raised  to  the  rank  of  Pacha.  He  is  one  of  the  most  determined  enemies  of  the  Russian  govern government,  ment, government,  and  his  well-known  sentiments  have  caused  him  to  be  on  two  occasions  personally  named  in  the  dispatches  from  St.  Petersburgh  to  the  Divan.  This  regiment  will  be  formed  at  Constantinople  ;  and  to  prove  that  Mussulmans  can  live  on  good  terms  with  Christians,  these  Cossacks,  during  the  time  necessary  for  their  instruction,  will  be  quar quartered  tered quartered  in  a  barrack  partly  occupied  by  a  regiment  of  Turkish  cavalry.  The  new  note  proposed  by  France  and  England  has  just  been  presented  to  the  Divan,  and,  contrary  to  what  was  at  first  thought,  it  is  England  which  urges  in  the  warmest  manner  its  signature  by  the  Porte.  It  is,  however,  positively  stated  that  the  document  has  not  yet  been  submitted  to  the  council  of  ministers,  and,  according  to  general  belief,  there  is  no  doubt  of  its  being  rejected,"
