text
"V  tibiit  einu4tittents.  ROYAL  COLOSSEUM  CONCERT-HALL,  Paradise-street,  Liverpool.  Proprietor,  Mr.  HEATH.  This  delightful  Hall  of  Recreation  open  every  Evening  with  a  continual  change  of  Amusements.  The  unprecedented  success  of  this  Colossal  Establishment  is  a  sure  guarantee  of  the  unqualified  approbation  of  the  public.  The  magnitude  of  the  building,  the  splendour  of  the  decorations,  the  brilliancy  of  the  chandeliers,  the  glittering  mirrors,  the  enormous  and  superb  ceiling,  gorgeously  orna ornamented  mented ornamented  with  classic  paintings,  have  excited  the  admiration  of  thousands  who  have  nightly  crowded  the  Hall.  Prodigious  Attraction  for  the  Christmas  Holidays.  Marificent  Dissolving  Views,  Phantascopes,  &amp;c.  Decided  hit  of  Mr.  HILTON,  the  Celebrated  Ventrilo Ventriloquist,  quist, Ventriloquist,  who  will  open  his  Original,  Musical,  Eccentrical,  Characteristical,  and  Mirth-provoking  Budget  of  Ventrilo Ventriloquial  quial Ventriloquial  Wonders.  First  appearance  Mr:  Y.  mUNDAT,  the  Celebrated  Delineator  of  Irish  Character.  Triumphant  :career  and  unbounded  applause  of  the  World's  Wonders,  the  BROTHERS  BILLINGE,  and  the  BROTHERS  FELIX,  who  will  appear  in  their  GRAND  OLYMPIAN  TOURNAMENT,  nightly.  First  appearance  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  MUNRO.  The  above  great  artistes  will  appcarin  conjunction  with  the  following  talented  Company,  in  a  Grand  Musical  Melange:—  MADAME  ANGELLETTA,  Soprano;  Mrs.  CLIFTON,  Mr.  CLIFTON,  Mr.  BARTLEMAN,  Baritone;  Mr.  RODERICK.  Artist,  Mr.  CRAWFORD  ;  Musical  Director,  Mr.  F.  BOULLAND  ;  Leader  of  the  Brass  Band,  Mr.  BROWN  ;  Director  of  the  Entertainments,  Mr.  HEATH,  Jun.  Enourante  No  t  ireis.  UNITY  FIRE  INSURANCE  ASSOCIATION.  Head  Offices-40,  Pall  Mall,  London.  TO  THE  SHAREHOLDERS  OF  LIVERPOOL  AND  ITS  NEIGHBOURHOOD.  THE  period  between  Christmas  Day  and  old,  Christmas  Day  being  one  of  the  most  important  in  the  year  for  effecting  Fire  Insurances,  I  beg  most  respect respectfully  fully respectfully  to  remind  you  of  the  approaching  opportunity  for  bringing  your  own  policies,  and  inducing  your  friends  and  neighbours  to  bring  theirs  to  this  office,  or  to  some  of  the  Liverpool  agents.  It  has  not  only  become  an  ambition  on  the  part  of  each  member  of  the  Unity  to  be  a  direct  contributor  of  business  to  the  concern,  but  it  is  also  a  commercial  fact,  that  every  policy  added  to  the  vast  number  already  completed  is  a  new  source  of  profit,  augmenting  your  own  respective  dividends  ;  and  you  will  find  among  our  acquaintances  many  who  are  not  bound  to  other  offices,  and  who  have  To  commence  Insurances  hitherto  neglected;  To  augment  Insurances  hitherto  insufficient  ;  To  renew  Insurances  expiring  at  this  time  ;  And  some  persons  have  ALL  these  things  to  do.  It  will  be  well  to  remind  all  your  friends  that  he  who  insures  his  property  has  compensation  in  case  of  loss  ;  he  who  does  not  insure  has  self-reproach  And  let  it  ever  be  borne  in  mind,  that  in  asking  your  friends  to  insure  with  this  gigantic  Association,  you  are  suggesting  a  positive  benefit  to  themselves,  seeing  that  two twothirds  thirds twothirds  of  all  the  profits  of  the  concern  are  to  be  returned  to  thelpolicy-holders  every  five  years,  not  as  a  capricious  or  patronising  bonus,  but  as  a  debt  specially  due  to  them,  pro proportionate  portionate proportionate  is  their  outlay  in  insurance.  SHARES  IN  THE  ASSOCIATION.  The  whole  of  the  500,000  original  shares,  of  £2  each,  have  been  taken  up  by  nearly  5,000  subscribers,  and  are  now  to  be  divided  into  1,000,000  shares  of  .£l,  as  directed  by  the  Registrar-General,  in  order  to  be  uniform  with  the  new  shares.  The  deposits  on  the  former  are  all  paid  up,  and  the  .h.roa  are  at  a  high  premium.  The  new  shares,  1,000,000  in  number,  at  2s.  6d.  deposit  and  2s.  6  premium,  are  just  beginning  to  be  issued  ;  and,  as  the  premium  itself  is  paid  into  the  funds  of  the  whole  association,  the  old  and  new  members  are  thereby  alike  benefited.  This  is  a  trifling  entrance-fee  to  pay  for  admittance  to  a  large  concern  now  solidly  establishe  1;  and  already,  although  the  new  issue  was  only  authorised,  by  law,  so  recently  as  the  28th  November,  no  fewer  than  70,000  to  80,000  shares  have  been  applied  for  on  this  basis  !  Your  friends  may,  therefore,  not  only  secure  for  themselves  two-thirds  of  the  profits  by  insuring  with  us,  but  may  also  receive  the  other  one-third  of  the  profits  by  becoming  share shareholders,  holders, shareholders,  in  addition  to  5  per  cent.  per  annum  interest  on  their  deposits.  I  repeat,  that  a  single  half-crown  per  share,  for  such  ad advantages,  vantages, advantages,  is  indeed  a  smallentrance-fee,  especially  as  it  is  paid  into  the  very  funds  of  which  every  purchaser  of  shares  be beconies  conies beconies  a  co-proprietor."
