text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  THE  BIRMIAVGHAM  CATTLE  SHOW  BIRMINGHAM,  TUESDAY.—This  show  of  cattle  and  poultry  was  opened  for  private  view  this  morning.,  and  a  very  successful  exhibition  it  is  pronounced  to  be,  excelling  i  n  many  important  essentials  all  its  predecessors.  The  show  is  already  in  its  fifth  year  only,  yet  m  most  respects  it  is  con considered  sidered considered  to  be  quite  equal  to  that  of  Smithfield  club.  The  great  object  which  the  promoters  have  had  in  view  has  been  to  foster  and  encourage  the  principle  of  early  All  the  classes  for  neat  cattle  were  well  filled  with  animals  of  the  highest  merit,  and  so  equally  matched  that  in  some  classes  the  judges  had  very  great  difficulty  in  awarding  the  prize.  There  is  not  quite  so  large  a  show  of  Hereford  oxen  as  last  year,  but  in  point  of  quality  the  display  is,  upon  the  whole,  superior.  The  show  of  Hereford  steers  is  emi eminently  nently eminently  successful,  for  a  finer  range  of  young  oxen  were  never  stalled.  The  Hereford  heifers  are  equally  good.  In  the  short-horn  classes  some  very  fine  specimens  are  exhibited,  heifers  chiefly  attracting  the  attention  of  agriculturists.  The  breed  of  pure  Doyens  is  well  represented.  The  cross-breds  exhibited  are  superior  to  those  hitherto  sent  here,  and  there  was  a  large  number  of  animals  stalled  ;  the  first  prize  in  this  class  was  awarded  to  the  Duke  of  Beaufort  for  a  cross  between  a  west  highland  Scotch  bull  and  a  pure  Devon  cow.  A  few  long-horns  are  shown,  quite  average  samples  of  their  class,  but  this  breed  finds  less  favour  with  breeders  and  feeders  than  some  others.  There  is  a  capital  display  of  the  Scotch  and  Welsh  breeds,  in  which,  as  usual,  Mr.  Robbs,  of  Thirsk,  contributes  some  of  the  most  meritorious  specimens.  Altogether  the  cattle  show  is  deserving  of  the  very  highest  consideration.  The  classes  for  sheep  were  not  so  well  filled  as  last  year,  but  such  as  were  shown  fully  maintained  the  character  of  the  show,  there  being  very  excellent  pens  of  Southdown  and  Shropshires.  There  are  between  two  and  three  thousand  pens  of  poul poulry,  ry, poulry,  which  have  attracted  immense  notice.  BIRMINGHAM,  WEDNESDAY.—The  annual  dinner  in  con connexion  nexion connexion  with  this  show  took  place  last  night,  at  the  Royal  Hotel,  under  the  patronage  of  Earl  Howe,  who  was  sup supported  ported supported  by  Lord  Calthorpe  ;  James  Baldwin,  Esq,  the  mayor;  Mr.  Newdegate,  M.P.,  Mr.  Spooner,  M.P.  ;  and  amongst  the  company  of  150  were  Mr.  Chandos  Wren  Hosky_ns,  of  Wroxall  Abbey;  Mr.  Alderman  Lacy,  Mr.  Alderman  Hodg Hodgson,  son, Hodgson,  Mr.  Alderman  Phillips;  Mr.  William  Mathews,  Cor Corbyns  byns Corbyns  Hall,  &amp;c  Amongst  the  toasts  given  was,  The  Agricultural  proposed  by  Mr.  Mathews,  who  observed  that  if;  a  few  months  ago,  he  had  been  called  on  to  propose  that  toast,  it  would  have  been  in  mourning,  and  with  sackcloth  and  ashes  •  to  bewail  th  e  f  a  t  e  o  f  w  h  a  t  was  once  the  embodiment  o  f  all  prosperity  ;  to  lament  over  it  as  having  seen  the  best  of  its  days.  But  these  short  months  had  passed  by;  and  instead  of  bewailing  agriculture  as  in  the  last  stages  of  senility  and  decripitude,  we  find  it  full  of  lusty  life,  the  silky  sides  of  the  fat  stock  they  saw  that  day  being  but  a  feeble  type  of  its  strong  and  healthy  condition.  He  congratulated  those  around  him  on  this  happy  combination  of  circumstances.  The  pursuit  of  agri agriculture  culture agriculture  found  always  a  warm  sympathy  from  every  man  whose  heart  was  in  the  right  place.  (Cheers.)  In  the  morn morning  ing morning  the  public  were  admitted  to  the  show;  the  hall  had  been  densely  crowded  throughout  the  day.—Tuesday  after afterternoon  ternoon afterternoon  the  Duchess  of  Sutherland  and  a  large  party  from  Trentham  visited  the  exhibition.  CRUEL  TREATMENT  OF  THE  EX-MINISTER  POERIO  IN  PRISON.  NAPLES,  DEC.  4.—1  am  sorry  to  inform  you  that  Baron  Poerio,  who  has  now  worn,the  chains  of  a  galley-slave  for  more  than  four  veers,  is  subject  to  fresh  severities,  which,  if  continued,  will  ere  long  remove  him  from  the  troubles  of  this  world.  Hitherto  the  police  authorities  have  'permitted  the  ex-minister  to  spend  ten  ducats  (2/.)  per  month  for  such  necessaries  as  his  state  of  health  demands.  Orders  have  now  been  issued  that  henceforth  he  will  be  permitted  to  receive  from  his  family  only  one  carlino  (foiirpence)  per  day.  Now  the  prison  in  which  this  victim  of  the  Neapolitan  constitu constitution  tion constitution  is  confined,  at  Montefusco,  is  so  exposed,  that  without  fire  the  prisoners  would  perish  of  cold,  and  the  4d  per  day  will  scarcely  'pay  for  wood;  independent  of  which  M.  Poerio  is  in  such  a  wretched  state  of  health  as  to  require  many  comforts;  such  as  are  accorded  to  the  very  worst  criminal  are  refused  to  the  late  friend  and  adviser  of  his  Sicilian  Majesty.  It  may  'be  said  the'  king  knows  nothing  of  this  new  c  rue  lty  pract  i  se  d  towards  Poerio,  but  on  the  other  hand  it  is  rather  remarkable  that  so  important  a  person  should  be  thus  condemned  to  death  by  the  inferior  police.  The  time  may  come  when  these  inhuman  acts  will  weigh  with  a  government  and  people  which  may  be  called  upon  to  support  the  thrones  of  the  Bourbons.  At  present  we  have  no  influence  sufficiently  strong  to  induce  the  Neapolitan  government  to  renounce  a  policy,  and  abstain  from  acts  which  are  degrading  monarchy  and  offending  the  laws  of  God  and  man.  Several  more  arrests  have  taken  place  in  Naples,  owing  to  some  verses  (in  everybody's  mouth)  said  to  have  been  posted  up  in  the  streets.  The  rhymes  say  :  Tho'  Naples  be  so  fair  and  good,  We've  naught  but  Indian  corn  for  food.  Were  Masaniel',  alas  !  not  dead.  Why  we  should  feel  no  lack  of  bread.  If  things  go  on  till  then  as  now,  By  Christmas  time  we'll  have  a  row.  The  French  are  coming  —God  be  praised—  And  pric  , STYLE=superscript  .  of  bread  w.ll  not  be  raised.  There  can  be  no  doubt  of  the  existing  poverty  and  high  price  of  food,  with  a  decrease  of  commerce,  which  falls  heavily  on  the  poorer  classes.  The  .Neapolitan  board  of  health  has  this  day  imposed  a  quarantine  on  all  vessels  coming  from  Marseilles.  Ten  days  is  the  period  fixed,  and  several  travellers  are  already  in  the  lazzaretto.  M.  Maupas,  the  French  minister,  has  protested  against  these  proceedings,  and  maintains  such  acts  ought  to  be  promulgated  before  vessels  come  into  port,  and  not  on  their  immediate  arrival.  ELorwsiENT.—On  Wednesday  last,  the  wife  of  Mr.  Stocker,  proprietor  of  a  'highly  respectable  academy  at  Boughton,  near  Faversham,  left  her  home  in  company  with  one  of  the  ushers,  named  Chatterton,  and  has  not  since  been  heard  of;  the  guilty  parties  took  with,  them  all  the  plate,  and  a  considerable  sum  of  money;  th  faithless  woman  left  three  children  and  a  husband  in  a  state  border borderirig  irig borderirig  on  distraction,  and  the  worthless  scoundrel,  the  compa companion  nion companion  of  her  flight,  has  succeeded  in  victimising  several  tradesmen  in  Boughton  and  Faversham,  to  rather  a  large  —amount.  South  Eastern  Gazette."
