text
"MEDICAL  RELIEF  COMMITTEE.  The  proceedings  of  this  committee  having  been  read,  Mr.  Moss  said  it  had  been  reported  that  cholera  had  manifested  itself  in  several  localities  in  the  town  in  a  very  formidable  state,  and  he  was  surprised  the  chairman  had  said  nothing  on  the  suhject.  He  should  like  to  know  whether  cholera  was  on  the  increase  or  not  ?  Mr.  DENTON  :  The  chairman  of  the  committee  has  only  to  make  his  appearance  and  it  flies  away.  Mr.  BRADLEY  said  it  would  appear  from  the  returns  that  cholera  had  made  its  appearance  in  the  north  end  of  the  town  ;  but  it  appeared  to  have  subsided  as  rapidly  as  it  uole.  During  the  last  three  or  four  days  they  had  not  had  a  single  case.  •  •  Mr.  Kamm  wished  for  some  information  relative  to  the  recent  visit  of  Dr.  Sutherland  to  Liverpool,  and  whether  the  burial  places  in  the  town  were  about  to  be  closed  ?  Mr.  CARNE  stated  that  he  and  another  gentleman  accom accompanied  panied accompanied  Dr.  Sutherland  to  visit  the  various  graveyards  ;  but  he  made  no  further  remarks  on  the  subject  than  to  say  he  would  give  us  notice  when  those  various  graveyards  will  be  closed.  _  _  _  Mr.  KITCHEN  asked.  were  the  churchwardens  taking  any  steps  with  reference  to  the  parochial  burial  ground  at  Walton.  He  recollected  some  time  ago  that  ground  was  consecrated  by  the  Bishop,  and  he  thought  if  there  were  anything  at  all  in  consecration,  if  it  meant  anything,  it  was  very  improper  that  that  ground  should  be  let  out  for  agricultural  purposes.  After  purchasing  such  a  niece  of  ground,  and  erecting  a  chapel  on  it,  it  ought  to  have  been  laid  out  in  a  suitable  manner.  He  had  hoped  the  present  churchwardens  would  have  done  away  with  the  nuisance  of  which  he  complained.  He  hoped  the  surveyor  would  be  directed  to  have  it  done  in  a  proper  manner.  The  CHAIRMAN  remarked,  that  unless  they  had  Dr.  Suth Sutherland's  erland's Sutherland's  report,  there  seemed  no  chance  that  the  burial burialground  ground burialground  at  St.  Martin's-in-the-fields  would  be  closed  for  many  years.  They  were  now  quite  in  the  dark  as  to  whether whetherit  it whetherit  would  be  closed  or  not,  and  if  it  were  not  closed,  th'  ne necessity  cessity necessity  would  not  exist  for  opening  that  at  How However,  ever, However,  they  had  not  been  idle  ;  hub  he  could  give  the  vestry  no  information  which  wuuid  be  of  any  use.  In  consequence  of  Dr.  Sutherland  having  been  there  the  matter  was  under  serious  consideration,  and  everything  would  be  done  which  was  right  and  proper.  Mr.  Kitchen  was  at  liberty  to  move  that  no  money  be  taken  for  the  use  of  the  ground;  but-  it  had  hitherto  been  done,  and  he  did  not  feel  because  it  was  consecrated  ground  it  should  not  be  taken  advantage  of.  Mr.  HUTCHINSON  confirmed  what  his  colleague  had  stated.  The  subject  had  engaged  attention  for  some  time  past,  and  something  would  be  done  before  long  ;  but  at  present  it  was  premature  to  make  any  remarks  upon  a  'subject  which  was  under  consideration,  and  upon  which  they  could  give  no  de definite  finite definite  information.  Mr.  Moss  remarked,  that  Mr.  Kitchen's  religious  feelings  seemed  wounded  in  consequence  of  potatoes  growing  in  con consecrated  secrated consecrated  ground  ;  but  he  begged  to  inform  him  the  part  where  the  crops  were  growing  was  not  consecrated  ground.  Mr.  GARDNER  remarked,  that  Mr.  Came  might  have  gone  further,  and  stated  that  Dr.  Sutherland  disapproved  of  Walton  as  a  burial-ground.  The  CHAIRMAN  did  not  know  how  Mr.  Gardner  came  to  know  that.  Mr.  GARDNER  knew  it  as  a  member  of  the  committee.  Dr.  Sutherland  stated  it  was  quite  unfit  for  a  burial  ground,  and  he  suggested  that  the  land  should  be  resold.  Mr.  JOHNSON  thought  they  had  acted  with  great  prudence  relative  to  the  land.  This  was  rather  a  theological  question  rather  than  a  parochial  one,  how  far  consecration  might  militate  against  the  growth*  of  corps.  If  they  wished  to  ascertain  where  the  nuisance  was,  it  was  in  the  old  church churchyard.  yard. churchyard.  He  cared  little  about  consecration,  but,  he  should  be  glad  to  see  Dr.  Sunderland  close  up  the  old  burial  yards  in  Liverpool.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  No  doubt  we  shall  hear  from  Dr.  Suth Sutherland  erland Sutherland  before  long.  The  subject  then  dropped.  Mr.  Wurrrx  asked  were  the  registrars,  whom  they  had  the  power  to  appoint,  amenable  to  the  vestry??  Mr.  HART  :  Not  at  all.  Mr.  Wiirrlir  stated  he  had  been  called  upon  by  Dr.  Kelly,  who  complained  to  him  of  the  deputy  registrar,  who  resided  in  Wilton-street.  Dr.  Kelly  called  at  a  time  to  obtain  a'  certificate  of  interment,  when  the  registrar  ought  to  have  been  in,  and  was  toldie  should  not  be  in  attendance  for  two  hours  later,  and  he  received  some  impertinence  from  members  of  the  registrar's  family.  Subsequently  when  a  messenger  was  sent  at  the  time  stated  he  did  not  get  the  certificate  for  an  hour  and  a  half  after.  The  CHAIR3IAN  said  the  complaint  should  be  made  to  the  registrar-general.  Mr.  HUGHES  gave  notice  that  at  the  next  meeting  of  the  vestry,  he  would  call  attention  to  the  want  of  the  means  of  religious  instruction  for  Catholic  children  in  the  industrial  schools,  there  being  no  fund  provided  for  that  purpose.  The  following  letter  was  read  from  Mr.  Wylie  :  .  Liverpool,  17th  December,  1853.  TO  THE  SELECT  VESTRY  OF  THE  PARISH  OF  LIVERPOOL.  Gentlemen,—An  anonymous  letter  _  addressed  to  you  hay.  ing  appeared  in  the  Mail  newspaper  of  this  day,  commenting  upon  the  difference  between  the  assessment  and  the  decision  of  the  magistrates,  in  the  case  of  Messrs.  Joseph  Heap  and  Son's  appeal.  1  consider  it  my  duty  (though  the  propriety  of  noticing  anonymous  letters  in  general  may  be  doubtful)  respectfully  to  lay  the  facts  before  you.  The  assessment  was  made  upon  a  large  pile  of  building  in  Beckwith-street,  at  the  corner  of  Shaw's-alley,  used  as  a  sugar-refinery;  the  building,  independent  of  a  large  yard,  having  entrances  from  two  streets,  used  in  common  with  the  adjoining  rice-mill  belonging  to  the  same  owners—covers  an  area  of  900  superficial  yards,  and  contains  seven  stories,  with  a  steam-engine,  drying-kilns,  water  tanks,  and  every  other  modern  requirement  for  such  an  establishment.  In  computing  its  value,  I  took  the  area  or  space  which  such  a  building  would  afford'  for  stowage  or  warehouse  purposes,  and  then  added  what  I  considered  a  moderate  rent  for  the  fittings,  machinery,  and  steam-engine,  my  assessment  being  £720  ;  against  this,  Messrs.  Heap  and  Sons  appealed,  and  ap  peared  before  the  magistrates,  contending  that  I  had  no  right  to  assess  machinery,  &amp;c.,  and  that  the  cost  of  the  building  ought  to  guide  the  magistrates  in  their`  decision,—which  cost  was  stated  to  be  exclusive  of  land  under  £6,000.  The  magis magistrates  trates magistrates  ruled  that  I  had  power  to  assess  machinery,  but  con concurred  curred concurred  as  to  the  cost  of  the  building,  &amp;c.,  guiding  them  in  their  _  _  _  decision,  and  reduced  the  assessment  from  £720  to  £5OO,  with without  out without  going  into  the  question  of  capacity,  locality,  or  adaptation,  taking,  as  was  stated,  a  medium  course.  I  respectfully  submit  that  the  data  on  which  the  assessment  was  made  is  the  correct  one,  and  that  I  am  not  to  blame  on  account  of  its  reduction  ;  in  making  this  statement,  I  am  sup supported  ported supported  by  the  fact  that  Mr.  Culshaw  has  objected  to  the  reduc reduction  tion reduction  of  the  assessment  for  the  paving  and  sewerage  rates  to  this  sum  ;  and  I  may  further  state,  that  discrepancies  between  the  assessment  and  the  final  adjustments  of  them  to  such  an  extent,  are  not  so  unprecedented  as  the  writer  of  the  letter  states  this  case  to  be,  for  I  find  the  London  and  North-western  Railway  Company  assessments,  and  those  of  the  Albert  Dock  warehouses  were  quite  as  much  reduced  on  appeal,  (under  my  predecessors  Messrs.  Picton  and  Culshaw,)  the  former  being  reduced  by  £8197  and  the  latter  by  £  4 STYLE=superscript  86  5 STYLE=superscript  ,  these,  though  no  excuse  for  me  in  this  particular  case,  serve  to  show  that  the  writer  is  not  more  correct  in  using  the  word  unprecedented  than  ho  is  in  stating  the  assessment  to  be  £750  instead  of  L5OO.  The  other  matters  in  which  he  indulges  himself,  such  as  the  expense  of  a  separate  office  establishment  and  concentration  under  the  Vestry  Clerk,  are  quite  as  groundless  as  those  which  go  before  them  ;  in  reply,  I  beg  leave  to  state  that  in  this  de department  partment department  I  have  considered  it  my  duty,  not  to  put  the  parish  to  any  expense  since  my  appointment,  beyond  the  amount  of  my  salary--I,  am,  Gentlemen,  your  most  obedient  servant,  THOMAS  WYLIE.  The  business  then  terminated.  LIVERPOOL  BANKRUPTCY  COURT.-YESTIAIDA  Y.  [BEFORE  MR.  COMMISSIONER  PERRY.]  In  re  Joseph  Peverelle.  —John  Ilawkesford,  grandson  of  Louis  Peverelle,  the  bankrupt's  uncle,  was  re-examined  touching  the  falsified  invoices  which  were  furnished  to  the  official  assignee.  He  stated  that  these  invoices  were  trans transmitted  mitted transmitted  by  him,  but  he  could  not  tell  what  was  the  bona  fine  amount  in  which  the  bankrupt  was  indebted  to  his  uncle.  We  understand,  that  at  a  subsequent  period  of  the  day,  a  private  application  was  made  to  the  magistrates  to  grant  a  warrant  against  the  bankrupt."
