text
"Commercial  to  To-morrow,  the  10th  instant,  at  One  o'clock,  at  the  Com Commercial  mercial Commercial  Saleroom,  Temple-court,  600  Boxes  400  1-Boxes  Bunch  Muscatel  RAISINS,  in  layers,  1800  i-Boxes  landing  ex  Jane,  from  Malaga  ;  90  Boxes  Naples  FIGS,  56  Boxes  Naples  RAISINS,  per  Frankfort  screw-steamer.  1000  Tapnets  2000  1,-Tapnets  Faro  FIGS,  per  Tit  Bit.  Apply  to  JAMES  ADAM,  SON.  &amp;  Co.,  Brokers.  To-morrow,  the  10th  instant,  at  One  o'clock,  in  the  Com Commercial  mercial Commercial  Saleroom,  Temple-court,  750  Boxes  500  1 STYLE=superscript  -Boxes  Buneh  Muscatel  RAISINS,  in  layers,  600-Boxes  215500 STYLE=superscript  Bi-aFr;ealsils STYLE=superscript  }  Malaga  Sultana  RAISINS,  150  Barrels  Lexia  RAISINS,  60  Boxes  Jordan  ALMONDS,  landing  ex  Thrifty,  from  Malaga  ;  500  Boxes  Bunch  Muscatel  RAISINS,  in  layers.  200  1 STYLE=superscript  ,-Boxes  300  Barrels  Lexia  RAISINS,  landing  ex  Jane,  from  Malaga;  300  Frails  Malaga  FIGS,  ;145 STYLE=superscript  8  , STYLE=superscript  Boxes  /addl  . STYLE=superscript  ALMONDS,  per  Despatch,  from  Malaga.  Apply  to  Messrs.  Stolterfoht,  Frost,  and  Co.,  merchants;  or  to  JAMES  ADAM,  SON,  &amp;  Co.,  Brokers.  ALARMING  INTELLIGENCE.  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  OFFICE  WEDNESDAY  MORNING,  MOST  alarming  news  reached  the  Metropo Metropolis  lis Metropolis  last  evening,  by  submarine  telegraph  from  Trieste,  which,  if  confirmed,  will  be  productive  of  the  direst  consequences  to  Turkey;  but  more  particularly  to  the  British  Empire.  An  alliance  between  DOST  MAHOMED  and  the  CZAR  is  said  to  be  formed;  and  that  a  large  Persian  army  was  collecting  in  the  valley  of  Sooltania,  to  cooperate  with  Russia  against  Turkey,  whilst  a  large  Russian  force  was  also  said  to  be  invading  Kiva  and  Bochara.  This  is  the  latest  intelligenee  received  from  the  seat  of  war.  Should  this  astounding  intelligence  prove  authentic,  Parliament  must  assemble  forthwith—as  the  destinies  of  the  Em Empire  pire Empire  can  no  longer  be  exposed  to  peril,  and  possibly  endangered.  Letters  from  Vienna,  dated  Monday,  contain  the  following  Private  news  from  Bucharest  states  that  Omer  Pasha  had  received  definite  orders  to  suspend  hoslilities,  and  direct  negotiations  of  peace  had  begun.  A  considerable  rise  took  place  on  'Change  on  receipt  of  the  above  news,  though  not  authentic.  Negotiations  for  an  armistic  are  cer certainly  tainly certainly  going  A  Vienna  letter  of  the  Ist  inst.,  in  the  Nurnberg  Correspondenz,  states  that  Baron  Mayendorif  has  formally  declared  that  the  Czar  will  not  accept  any  arrangement,  no  matter  by  whom  it  may  be  pro proposed,  posed, proposed,  and  that  the  proposals  which  His  Majesty  lately  submitted  to  the  European  Powers  are  the  only  words  of  peace  which  will  ever  issue  from  his  lips.  This  peremptory  declaration  is,  of  course,  fatal  to  Lord  Redcliffe's  proposals.  THE  world,  at  no  epoch  of  its  history,  has  been  wanting  in  heroes,  whose  daring  exploits  or  sub sublime  lime sublime  achievements  signalized  them  above  their  fellows.  And  it  is  well  that  such  has  been,  is,  and  ever  will  be,  the  case.  Humanity  has  dark  sides  enough,  HEAVEN  knows  !  not  to  be  occa occasionally  sionally occasionally  relieved  by  some  bright  gleams  of  moral  sunshine—and  deformity  enough  not  to  present,  ever  and  anon,  some  approximation  towards  the  condition  of  a  perfect  being.  When  a  great  man  rises  up  amongst  us,  all  eyes  become  attracted  towards  him.  But  when,  in  the  noble  and  heroic  pursuit  of  some  great  advantage,  he  falls  a  martyr  as  he  attains  the  goal  of  his  ambition,  our  sympathies  irresistibly  become  moved  —we  erect  a  monument  to  .  his  memory  and  his  name  and  fame  become  perpetuated  to  remotest  poste posterity.  rity. posterity.  The  meeting,  convened  last  week,  in  the  metropolis,  to  do  honour  to  the  manes  of  Lieu Lieutenant  tenant Lieutenant  BELLOT,  is  a  proof  of  the  readiness  evinced  by  us,  as  a  nation,  to  recognise  distinguished  ability,  heroism,  philanthropy,  and  general  worth,  wherever  found.  Moreover,  it  has  done  more  than  all  the  Peace  Societies  in  the  world  could  achieve  to  unite  England  and  France  in  bonds  of  indissoluble  amity.  At  this  meeting,  at  which  many  distinguished  men  were  present,  there  was  not  wanting  any  lack  of  sympathy  or  exhibition  of  enthusiasm  ;  and  Sir  RODERICK  MURCHISON,  who  presided,  did  not  fail  to  eulogize  the  hero  who  volunteered  his  services  in  so  praiseworthy,  but,  unfortunately,  fruitless,  a  cause  as  the  Arctic  Expedition.  It  may  not  be  uninteresting  briefly  to  glance  at  a  few  of  our  hero's  antecedents.  Lieutenant  BELLOT  was  truly  a  self-made  man—one  who  could  lay  no  stronger  claim  to  high  birth  or  aristocratic  distinction,  than  simply  being  one  of  Nature's  nobility.  He  was  the  child  of  compara comparatively  tively comparatively  poor  parents,  and  received  his  education  in  the  town  of  Rochefort.  He  had  not  long  entered  the  navy  when  his  name  became  favourably  recog recognised  nised recognised  ;  and  even  when  serving  under  the  French  flag  he  co-operated  with  the  English  fleet  in  the  Rio  Plate,  and  on  the  Madagascar  coast.  In  the  latter  instance  he  was  known  to  capture  a  slaver,  and  relieve  from  suffering  and  chains  many  un unfortunate  fortunate unfortunate  captives.  BELLOT  was  one  whose  extra-  ordinary  daring  could  find  no  scope  in  the  naval  service  of  his  own  countr34  Being  largely-endow  e  d  with  the  spirit  of  enterprise,  and  possessing  a  heart  replete  with  generous  and  manly  sympathies,  he  was  not  only  willing,  but  anxious,  to  make  any  sacrifice—even  that  of  life  itself—in  the  service  of  humanity—in  aiding  the  development  of  science,  and  in  promoting  the  progress  of  the  world.  An  opportunity  presented  itself—and  BELLOT  was  not  tardy  in  making  the  same  conducive  to  his  purpose.  At  the  time  when  the  fate  of  Sir  JOHN  FRANKLIN  first  attracted  public  attention,  and  when  an  expedition,  was  about  to  be  sent  out  to  Baffin's  Bay  in  search  of  that  distinguished  Navi Navigator,  gator, Navigator,  BELLOT,  instantly  addressed  a  communica communication  tion communication  to  that  devoted  woman,  Lady  FRANKLIN,  ten tendering  dering tendering  his  voluntary  services  in  so  arduous  an  enterprise  and  honourable  a  cause,  provided  his  own  government  would  but  sanction  the  under undertaking.  taking. undertaking.  At  length  he  embarked  at  Aberdeen,  in  the  Prince  Albert,  a  private  ship,  fitted  out  in  1851,  under  command  of  Captain  KENNEDY.  During  the  two  years  of  his  exploratory  labours  in  the  North  ern  Ocean,  this  young  hero  accomplished  most  extraordinary  feats,  and  escaped  the  most  imminent  perils.  At  one  time  he  travelled  considerably  over  one  thousand  miles  upon  the  ice—having  dragged  his  sledge  the  entire  of  the  journey.  The  places  which  he  then  explored  are  known  as  Bellot's  Straits.  Upon  his  return  to  this  country  (a  second  expedition  having  been  just  resolved  upon)  this  undaunted  Navigator,  again  volunteered  to  accom accompany  pany accompany  Captain  INGLEFIELD  to  Wellington  Straits,  which  the  Admiralty  at  once  accepted.  The  result  of  his  labours  are  too  well  and  painfully  known  to  be  easily  effaced  from  our  memories;  and  his  name  shall  evermore  rank  with  those  distin distinguished  guished distinguished  individuals—of  which  our  country  may  well  be  proud,—who  have  braved  the  same  difficul difficulties,—dared  ties,—dared difficulties,—dared  the  same  dangers,—shared  the  same  sufferings,—and  fared  the  same  fate  !  Never,  per perhaps,  haps, perhaps,  were  the  words  of  OLIVER  GOLDSMITH— 'GOLDSMITH'  Man  wants  but  little  here  below  Nor  wants  that  little  more  truly  exemplified  than  in  the  life  of  our  de departed  parted departed  hero.  Give  he  was  wont  to  say,  a  plank  to  lie  upon,  and  a  corner  in  which  to  put  my  clothes—l  ask  no  more  What  attracts  our  attention,  perhaps,  more  than  anything  else,  are  the  charming  phases  of  his  cha character,  racter, character,  which,  like  the  declining  autumnal  sun,  presents  richly  diversified  shades  of  colour.  He  was  truly  a  man  of  generous  sympathies  and  pure  humanities—unaffected,  simple,  almost  child-like'  To  know  him  was  indeed  to  love  him.  His  respective  commanders  esteemed  him  highly—one  of  whom,  Captain  KENNEDY,  had  no  hesitation  in  acknow-  ledging  his  superior  genius  —sailors  were  devotedly  attached  to  him,  and  even  the  poor  Exquimaux,  among  whom  he  associated,  although  they  could  pronounce  no  other  European  word,  could  yet  utter  the  name  of  BELLOT  There  are  some  men  who  properly  belong  to  no  country—who  are  cosmopolitan  in  feeling,  senti sentiment,  ment, sentiment,  politics—whose  broad  souls  take  in  the  whole  world  in  their  grasp,  and  whose  sympathies,  affec affections,  tions, affections,  and  nationalities,  belong  properly  to  no  time  or  place,  but  extend  to  all.  BELLOT  was  one  of  those.  The  French  government  has  taken  the  initiative  in  doing  honour  to  his  memory.  Would  that  our  own  would  imitate  the  example.  Bat  as  this  is  not  likely,  the  next  best  thing  has  been  done.  A  public  meeting  has  been  held,  with  the  object  of  raising  a  testimonial  to  his  fame,  at  which  some  eminent  statesmen,  and  others,  pronounced  a  hearty  aoges,  and  contributed  munificently.  What  is  lacking,  the  public,  there  can  be  no  doubt,  will  cheerfully  and  readily  subscribe.  The  name  of  Lientenant  BELLOT  deserves  to  be  held  in  long  and  hallowed  remembrance.  So  young  and  de devoted  voted devoted  a  martyr  to  Science  is  a  rare  and  beautiful  sight  in  any  age,  but  especially  in  this.  True,  he  had  attained  the  acme  of  his  ambition—the  climax  of  his  unwearying  labours,  protracted  sufferings,  and  prem.atura  loath  _  But,  what  of  thst°  The  discovery  of  the  North  West  Passage,  after  all,  can  never  compensate  for  the  loss  of  one  BELLOT  !  The  Monetary  position  of  the  United  States,  s  o  closely  resembles  that  of  England  at  this  moment,  that  we  think  its  cool  perpension  a  matter  of  grave  necessity.  Previous  to  entering  into  the  anomalous  condition  of  things  which  present  themselves  in  either  country,  we  must  bear  in  mind  that,  up  to  a  very  recent  date,  the  currency,  policy,  and  banking  practice,  of  the  two  countries  differed  as  widely  as  day  from  night.  The  States  recognised  and  sanctioned  everything  as  money  which  led  to  production  and  sustained  labour,  while  the  control  of  her  monetary  institutions  was  left  to  the  public  judgement.  A  stern  necessity  called  for  a  constant  expan expansion  sion expansion  of  a  circulating  medium  which  legislation  could  not  supply,  and  dare  not  interfere  with.  A  vast  nation  had  to  be  created,  and  its  existance  consolidated.  Cities  had  to  be  built,  lands  cultivated,  canals  cut,  ships  constructed,  railways  made,  and  all  the  other  great  efforts  of  a  civilized  people  sustained  without  the  aid  of  one  solitary  metallic  cent.  The  history  of  the  strategies,  employed  as  a  means  to  the  great  end  in  view,  is  replete  with  comical  and  tragical  incidents,  all  of  which  are  too  well  known  to  need  particular  notice.  The  great  and  astounding  truth,  however,  that  the  Great  Republic  sprang  into  existence,  Phoenix-like,  from  the  ashes  of  a  discarded  nationality,  without  the  help  of  Plutus,  and  despite  the  threats  of  Mammon,  is  perhaps  the  brightest  and  most  in instructive  structive instructive  page  in  the  histoiy  of  Republicanism.  With  a  perfect  licence  of  impunity  to  create  the  vast  monetary  means  required  to  uphold  such  a  stupendous  fabric,  where  is  the  nation  that  can  boast  of  so  perfect  a  redemption  of  its  obligations,  or  that  can  point  to  such  noble  results  from  the  exercise  of  an  unguided  national  discretion  ?  The  industry  which  called  for  succour,  has  redeemed  its  papers,  and  sustained  its  credit,  while  that  high  reward  which  is  said  to  attend  all  true  honesty  of  spirit,  is  fast  filling  the  land  with  those  metals,  which  alone  give  a  country  moral  dignity  and  political  power  among  the  ancient  States  of  Europe.  To  turn  great  successes  to  a  good  account,  however,  often  requires  greater  discretion  than  to  provide  for  adversity.  In  being  called  on  to  em employ  ploy employ  a  vast  amount  of  bullion  wealth,  the  States  may  be  said  to  be  on  their  trial.  Thus  far  their  transition  from  a  paper  to  a  metallic  monetary  system,  has  not  been  atten attended  ded attended  with  the  happiest  results.  From  the  moment  bullion  became  a  power  in  the  State,  from  that  instant  we  find  a  want  of  confidence  per pervading  vading pervading  the  public  mind,  and  great  difficulty  im impending  pending impending  over  the  ordinary  development  of  pro production.  duction. production.  Already  those  American  journals,  which  devote  their  pages  exclusively  to  the  consideration  of  commercial  and  monetary  subject's,  are  begin beginning  ning beginning  to  deal  very  plainly  with  the  cause  of  the  present  American  crisis.  In  speaking  of  the  state  of  trade  at  New  York  on  the  21st  ultimo,  the  New  York  Economist  says  The  past  week  has  tried  its  stamina  in  meeting  the  heavy  payments  of  the  season  in  face  of  severe  bank  contraction.  Those  institutions,  useless  in  time  of  prosperity,  are  the  bane  of  dealers  in  times  of  difficulty,  and  too  often  the  difficulty  is  created  by  them.  The  trade  is,  however,  apparently.independent  of  them,  and  must  ever  be  when  sales  are  judiciously  made  on  not  over-strained•  credits,  in  times  of  general  prosperity  like  the  present.  The  war  fears  that  -have  .been  entertained  cannot  now  influence  this  country  much,  and  that  favourably"
