text
"With  a  Birkenhead  don,  ~do  said  to  him,  Mr.  ilen&amp;un,  I  feel  very  Corry  fc  my  native  town,  but  Birkenhead  must  inevitably  ruin  Liver.  What  had  been  the  result?  Birkenhead  bad  ruined  itself.  It  was  bankrupt,  and  this  council  had  taken  upon  itself  the  unprofitable  concern.  He  urged  that  the  corpora corporation  tion corporation  of  Liverpool  should  do  for  the  corporate  estate  what  every  wise  man  wonld  d  u  for  himself,  and  he  asked  any  gentleman  in  that  room  whethe  r  he  would  involve  an  esree  of  his  own  in  debt  by  making  an  outlay,  unless  with  some  possible  chance  that  there  would  be  a  moderate  return  for  that  outlay  ?  He  bad  asked  for  a  retur  n  of  the  Birkenhead  estate  for  mo STYLE=superscript  nths-  He  had  not  believed  it  was  so  small  an  that  it  would  be  unnecessary  for  him  to  mention  it,  but  it  could  easily  be  conceived  by  all  the  gentlemen  in  th  e  room.  The  gentlem  en  around  him,  or  some  of  them,  might  make  very  glowing  speeches  about  what  would  happen  here hereafter,  after, hereafter,  and  what  the  Birkenhead  dock  estate  would  become;  but  he  was  a  practical  man  himself,  and  'would  wish  to  see  something  like  an  indication  of  these  results.  R  e  saw  no  increase  of  Birkenhead  ;  he  did  not  see  that  impetus  of  trade  which  looked  like  any  of  their  own  dock,  ;  he  did  not  see  any  energy  there  ;  the  people  of  Birkenhead  shrugged  their  shoulders,  and  well  they  might;  they  would  like  to  see  that  corporation  bear  the  whole  of  the  outlay,  and  they  were  very  glad  that  Liverpool  had  taken  the  estate  up.  If  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  not  had  not  taken  it  np,  thei  r  streets  would  be  empty,  and  no  no  doubt,  i,  on.  There  would  h  e  b  u  i  lding  going  on  now  He  did  not  wish  to  take  up  the  time  o  f  th  e  council  any  lon  ger  by  going  further  into  tile  question,  but  would  move  as  an  amendment  upon  the  clause  that  it  be  an  tuber  of  t  mittee,  got  it,  ,mount  nstruction  to  the  special  committee  to  modify  their  plan  t  so  as  to  avoid,  as  far'  as  possible  the  large  pre§ent  btitlay  ieqiureci  within  so  limited  a  period  of  time.  Mr  Beckwith  said  he  had  great  pleasure  in  seconding  the  I  amendment  Mr.  Hornby  said  he  entirely  concurred  with  Mr.  Hodson  at  the  undertaking  of  the  .  e6rporation  Upon  the  other  side  of  the  w  a  te  r  Was  one  of  great  ,tnagni ,tnagnisede,  sede, ,tnagnisede,  and  that  the  corporation  Ought  to  look  at  it  with  the  most  treriote  ettentioh,  and  that  the  utmost  care  and  pru pruderq't  derq't pruderq't  ought  to  be  exercised  in  regard  to  it.  But'he  thought  there  was  great  inconsistency  in  the  remarks  which  had  been  made  by  Mr-Hodson.  (Hear,  hear.)  If  he  understood  him  correctly,  Mr.  Hodson  had  always  been  an  advocate  for  unitine  ahead  docks  with  their  otan.  dock  him,  also,  to  say  that  he  had  been  tivd'urab  becoming  possessed  or  the  Birkenhead  doeloi;  st  a  cost  of  doe  million  sterling.  And  yet  be  was  tin  - STYLE=superscript  Willing  that  4  idAesiarlt  outlay  should  be  made,  for  making  those  docks  available  for  the  pftrpOs`cs  of  commerce.  (Hear,  hear.)  But  it  would  appeal  , STYLE=superscript  that  s  r.  Hodson  had  forgotten  th  a  t  th  ere  was  an  act  of  parliament  passed,  which  was  now  in  force,  which  recited  that,  in  the  first  place,  it  is  expedient  that,  with  the  smallest  possible  delay,  the  Birkenhead  docks  shall  be  made  available  for  the  purposes  of  commerce,  and  that  they  shall  be  united  under  the  same  management  as  the  Liverpool  docks,  and  that  the  same  rates  shall  be  paid  for  Bireenh'eads  at  are  [ilia  far  The  act  of  parliament  also  enac'ed  that  the  corpo corpora/ion  ra/ion corpora/ion  should  carry  out  the  stork's  which  Were  at  piesent  auto autorised  rised autorised  to  he  ConstruCted  at  Birkenhead,  according  to  the  plans  of  Rende,ll,—at  an  expense  far  exceeding  that  which  the  coubtil  now  'proposed  to  lay  out  ApOn  theni  ;  and  unless  they  proceeded  to  parliament  for  poWers  to  Make  the  docks  available,  they  would  be  compelled,  by  the  law  as  it  now  stood  to  carry  out  those  plans  which  would  he  far  more  ex expensive  pensive expensive  and  ie'ry  much  less  issnvewent  to  the  commerce  of  the  port,  (Hear,  hear.)  Now  although  it  was  stated  in  the  bill  that  the  works  which  they  proposed  to  construct  Must  be  made  in  'the  course  of  a  few  years,  there  could  be  no  doubt  that  when  the  Circumstances  or  the  case  were  repre represented  sented represented  before  a  committee  of  the  House  of  Commons,  it  would  be  round  that  the  time  specified  would  be  wholly  inadequate  to  die  carrying  out  of  such  plans,  and  that  fur further  ther further  reasonable  time  would  be  accorded  to  the  object.  The  ohjest  of  putting  the  same  date  into  their  bill  which  was  required  by  the  act  of  last  session,  was  that  they  should  show  that  they  had  a  genuine  intention  of  carrying  out  the  works  with  the  least  possible  delay.  There  were  two  points  which  were  necessary  to  make  those  valuable  works  useful  and  profitable  to  the  town  of  Liverpool.  It  was  absolutely  necessary  that  the  pool  should  be  deepened,  and  that  a  deep  water  approach  should  be  made,  so  as  to  make  it  available  for  the  large  class  of  ships  which  were  now  built.  This,  of  course,  would  be  done  at  the  least  possible  expense.  It  did  not  follow  that  because  the  plans  which  were  now  laid  upon  the  table  were  those  proposed  to  be  made,  no  modification  would  be  made  in  those  plans  in  the  course  of  construction,  which  would  'render  them  more  useful  for  ,commercial  purposes,  and  more  economical  also.  He  apprehended  that  as  the  council  stood  at  present  they  had  no  alternative.  They  were  bound  to  apply  to  parliament  for  power  to  render  the  Birkenhead  docks  available,  and  the  special  committee  had  exercised  their  •  best  discretion  in  employing  Mr.  Hartley,  whose  experience  in  regard  to  the  commerce  of  Liverpool,  and  the  docks  of  Liverpool,  was  greater  than  that  of  any  other  man,  and  the  result  of  his  deliberations  had  been  laid  upon  the  table  of  the  council,  Under  these  circumstances  he  for  his  own  part,  although  he  was  as  desirous  as  Mr.  Hodson  could  be  that  the  expenses  should  be  diminished—because  he  did  not  disguise  from  the  council,  and  he  never  had  disguised  from  the  council,  that  for  many  years  the  corporation  would  be  subject  to  very  con considerable  siderable considerable  loss  as  in  the  case  of  all  the  other  great  undertakings  connected  with  the  town  by  which  Liverpool  had  obtained  a  commerce  so  enormous,  and  had  increased  so  rapidly—he  had  no  hesitation  in  expressing  his  own  belief,  although  lie  did  not  wish  to  give  any  too-sanguine  statement  to  the  council,  that  eventually  the  Birkenhead  docks  would  become  profitable  to  the  town  and  to  the  corporation.  (Hear,  hear.)  But  they  must  have  some  patience,  and  must  wait  several  years—there  could  not  be  the  least  doubt  of  that—and  they  were  all  perfectly  aware  of  it,  and  Mr.  Hodson  himself  was  perfectly  aware  that  that  must  be  the  case  when  he  consented  to  give  a  million  sterling  for  property  at  present  producing  such  a  small  return.  He  did  not  know  that  it  was  necessary  for  him  to  say  any  more.  He  could  only  add  that  the  special  committee  had,  to  the  beet  of  their  judgment,  carried  out  the  instructions  of  the  council.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Samuel  Holme  confessed  himself  a  little  surprised  at  the  speech  of  Mr.  Hodson,  and  thought  it  would  have  been  .ble  that  that,  gentleman  should  have  made  himself  a  better  acquainted  with  the  whole  subject  before  he  o:  ought  it  forward..  While,  upon  the  one  hand  he  deprecated  very  much  the  discussion  of  these  details  in  the  present  posi  •  two  of  the  transaction  with  reference  to  the  property  in  ques question,  tion, question,  yet  as  they  had  been  brought  forward  by  Mr.  Hodson,  in  his  capacity  of  councillor,  it  was  of  course  desirable  that  same  reply  should  go  forth.  At  the  same  time,  - STYLE=superscript  he  must  again  express  his  regret  that  the  council  should  be  'drawn  into  the  di.cussion  at  the  present  period,  when  they  were  assembled  for  the  purpose  of  considering  the  clauses  of  the  act  6f  parlia parliament,  ment, parliament,  which  must  be  investigated,  together  with  the  other  great  questions  connected  with  them,  by  a  committee  of  the  House  of  Commons.  He  would  first  speak  with  reference  to  tho  period  within  which  the  work  should  be  completed,  though  Mr.  Itirnby  had  already  glanced  at  it,  With  refer reference  ence reference  to  the  two  years  for  the  completion  of  the  work,  gentlenien  would  remember  that  there  was  a  clause  inserted  in  the  last  act  by  the  committee.  whiclt  compelled  them  to  go  to  parliament  again  this  year.  There  was  a  clause  obligatory  upon  them  to  carry  out  the  plan  of  Mr.  Rendell,  and  two  years  was  the  time  which  the  committee,  in  their  legislative  wis wisdom,  dom, wisdom,  thought  fit  to  allow.  But  the  committee  having  inserted  that  clause,  had  full  power  to  abrogate  it  when  the  council  went  now  with  a  bill  before  parliament.  They  could  abrogate  that  clause,  and  might  and  would,  undoubtedly,  give  such  an  extension  of  time  as  could  reasonably  be  demanded  for  the  carrying  out  of  the  works.  For  supposing  the  plans,  either  of  Mr.  Reudell  or  Mr.  Hartley  to  be  ultimately  adopted,  it  would  be  physically  impossible  that  during  two  years  after  the  passing  of  the  act,  they  csuld  complete  the  whole  of  those  works.'  (Hear,  hear.)  Then  a  question  would  arise  as  to  the  transfer  of  the  docks;  but  that  would  be  a  very  improper  sub subject  ject subject  to  moot  at  the  present  time,  and  a  subject  which  did  not  now  bear  upon  the  question  before  them.  They  must  now  deal  with  Birkenhead  as  it  stood.  Parliament  had  thought  fit  that  the  corporation  of  Liverpool  should  purchase  that  pro property,  perty, property,  and  the  corporation  of  Liverpool,  with  the  assent  of  a  great  majority  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  town,  had  purchased  it,  and  now  stood  possessed  of  that  property;  and  although  there  might  and  would  he  objectors  to  every  great  plan  of  the  kind,  yet  lie  did  not  hesitate  to  say  that  that  purchase  was  entirely  a  wise  one,  and  he  had  never  concealed  his  opinion  from  the  first  time  he  became  a  member  of  the  council,  that  it  would  have  been  great  wisdom  if  the  council  had  purchased  theproperty  years  ago  instead  of  delaying  it  until  the  present  time.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Hodson  said  the  pro property  perty property  would  cost  £lOO,OOO  a  year  until  it  was  finished.  At  the  present  time  gentlemen  must  remember  that  it  was,  liter literally,  ally, literally,  a  mass  of  mud  banks.  There  was  not  an  entrance  int  the  docks,  excepting  the  small  Morpeth  dock,  and  when  Mr.  Hodson  told  them  that  there  had  been  a  very  small  production  from  the  docks,  he  stated  what  was  perfectly  true,  because  vessels  were  unable  to  enter  the  upper  pool  to  any  extent.  (Hear,  hear.)  There  was  only  the  small  Morpeth  dock  as  a  passage,  which  contained  now  a  few  ships.  The  corporation  who  possessed  between  700,000  and  800,000  square  yards  of  land  upon  the  margin  of  the  pool,  had  that  land  lying  in  an  un unoccupied  occupied unoccupied  state,  and  consequently  producing  no  rental,  because  there  was  no  entrance,  anti  the  works  were  incomplete  for  the  admission  of  vessels.  When  the  works  were  completed  this  land  would  unquestionably  be  let  for  shipbuilding  purposes,  and  for  manufactures,  which  they  were  unable  to  accommodate  at  this  side  of  the  water.  In  addition,  when  these  docks  were  completed,  an  increase  of  dock  rates  must  unquestionably  accrue,  which  must  be  added  to  the  pro production  duction production  of  the  land  ripen  the  margin  of  the  pool,  so  that  although  some  years  must  elapse  before  it  would  be  valuable,  the  day  would  ultimately  come  when  it  would  he  a  valuable  property.  Therefore,  when  Mr.  Hodscu  asked  at  that  stage  of  the  proceedings  what  had  Birkenhead  done,  he  said  it  was  not  fair  to  ask  such  a  question  with  regard  to  unfinished  a  orks.  He  ,might  ask  the  same  question  with  regard  to  any  great  railway  when  the  works  were  only  half  completed  and  two  or  three  millions  expended,  what  had  it  produced  ?  Why,  nothing,  because  the  works  were  unfinished  ;  but  wait  until  the  works  were'  finished  and  then  there  would  be  a  return.  He  !night:  ask  what  had  a  house  produced  for  the  money  spent  on  it  while  its  walls  were  yet  unfinished  and  no  roof  on  it?  It  had  produced  nothing  ;  and  could  produce  nothing  until  more  money  was  spent  upon  it,  until  the  walls  were  finished  and  the  roof  put  on,  and  then  it  would  enab:e  the  owner  to  get  rent  from  a  tenant.  He  might  point  to  a  purchase  made  many  years  ago  by  a  distin distinenistsed  enistsed distinenistsed  and  sagacious  man  at  the  north  end  of  the  town.'  It  was  perfectly  possible  that'Mr.  Leigh  when  he  bought  t  la'rad  on  the  north  shore  might  have  been  charged  with  'prudence,  but  ;let  them  look  at  the  result.  By  the  gredual  extension  of  commerce  the  whole  of  that  land  had  been  brought  into  play,  and  had  produced  an  immense  fortune  for  the  purchaser's  descendants.  (Rear,  hear.)  It  might  happen  that  they  might,  before  the  committee  in  parliament  make  some  arrangements  for  converting  the  Morpeth  dock  into  an  entrance,  and  leave  the  proposed  entrance  for  some  years  to  come.  They  did  not  know  what  parliament  might  do,  or  what  arrangements  might  be  made  by  the  dock  committee.  But  when  he  looked  to  the  enormous  steamers  which  were  coming  into  the  port,  he  thought  it  necessary  to  provide  accom accommodation  modation accommodation  for  that  class  of  vessels.  The  question  what  Birkenhead  had  done,  would  be  answered  when  the  works  were  completed.  Whether  they  were  completed  upon  Mr.  Rendell's  plans,  Mr.  Abernethy's  plans,  or  Mr.  Hartley's  plans,  the  works  must  spread  over  a  great  num number  ber number  of  years,  and  the  corporation  could  not  be  forced  to  do  what  was  impracticable.  Therefore,  the  question  put  by  Mr.  Hodson  was  somewhat  premature,  and  he  thought  they  had  only  to  deal  with  Birkenhead  in  the  best  way  to  ad  i  c  n  a  g  r  carry  they  possibly  could,  considering  it  as  an  established  fact.  as  they  had  been  compelled  in  some  degree  to  purchase  sp  the  property,  and  to  lend  the  whole  oftheir  aid  re  it  on  in  the  most  judicious  manner  possible,  over  such  a  period  Of  time  as  parliament  would  allow,  without  crippling  the  corporate  funds  by  going  headlong  into  immense  undertakings,  of  which  they  might  have  afterwards  to  repent.  (H  ear  ,  hear.)  Mr.  Pieton  did  not  altogether  agree  in  one  remark  of  Mr.  Holme's,  although  concurring  generally  with  what  had  fallen  from  him.  That  gentleman  deprecated  discus discussion  sion discussion  at  the  present  period,  considering  it  premature,  and  o  the  corpoiltion  NORTHERN  TIMES.-LIVERPOOL,  THURSDAY,  JANUARY  31,  185&amp;  not  calculated  to  further  their  objects.  lie  rather  diffeied  from  that  Opinion.  He  thought  the  time  had  come,  when  the  whole  question  should  properly  be  looked  in  the  face,  and  that  the  public  of  Liverpool  generally,  had  a  perfect  right  to  understand  the  subject  In  all  its  bearings.  The  council  had,  in  all  thee  did,  in  reference  to,  this  matter,  idted  with  •  the  &amp;haat  prudence,  and  propriety,  and  with  :due  ,reprd  'foi  the  interests  of  the  town,  They  had  a  very.  difficult  put  to  play,,and  he  believed  they  had  done  It  to  hest  of  their  ability  for  the  interests  of  the  town.  •  lie  thought  the  tiore  the  subject  .  was  discussed  and  the  bette  r  un  d  e  rstood,  the  bead  , STYLE=superscript  koUld  the  position  of  the  council  be,  both  in  reference  to  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  itself  and  wherever  the  proceedings  of  the  council  bossessed  any  interest  at  !all.-  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Picton  riefly  reviewed  the  eatiseg  which  led.  to  the  pt  among  which  a  principal_cause  was  the  dentintial  dis disputes  putes disputes  previously  going  on  between  Liverpool  and  Rirkep-  Jtead,  and  which  it  was  felt  desirable  to  rut  a  stop  to.  lle  believed  it  was  actuated  by  a  feeling  of  that  kind,  and  not  by  the  hope  of  any  immediate  profit,  or  indeed,  any  pros prospective  pective prospective  .  profit  at  all  within  any  reasonable  time,  that  the  council  stepped  in  and  made  an  offer  to  purchase  the  property,  considering  that  by  consolidating  all  the  inter interests  ests interests  of  both  sides  of  the  river  in  reference  to  the  commer commercial  cial commercial  facilities  of  the  port,  they  should,  thus  united,  be  better:able  to  sustain  theit•  rights  and  privileges,  and  con conduct  duct conduct  their  businesa  a§  a  cdturriercial  port  than  if  they  remained  a  divided  community.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  b,alieved  that  '  notwithstanding  all  the  difficulties  which  surrounded  them,  the  council  never  took  a  wiser  step  than  when  theY  purchased  the  Birkenhead  estate.  They  took  it  with  certain  difficulties  before  them,  not  one  of  Which  was  not  previously  foreseen  by  those  whe  took  an  in'erest  in  the  matter.  They  took  it  with  liabilities  to  carry  out  a  certain  set  of  plans  devised  by  Mr.  Rendell,  with  the  proviso  that  they  should  have  the  option  of  coming  to  parliament  again  this  year,  and  pro proposing  posing proposing  whatever  plans  might  suggest  themselves  to  the  deck  committee  as  likely  most  to  promote  the  interests  of  the  port.  Immediately  after  that  was  passed  the'special  homtnittee  put  themselves  in  communication  with  the  dock  committee.  He  thought  Mr.  Hodson  was  mistaken  in  supposing  that  Mr.  Rendell's  plans  were  more  expensive,  as  he  believed  ,  the  contrary  was  the  fact,  but  he  con contended  tended contended  that  they  were  now  bound  in  honour  to  carry  out  the  plans  they  had  adopted.  They  were  not  called  upon  actually  to  strain  every  nerve  to  push  them  upon  parlia parliament  ment parliament  at  all  risks,  but  to  offer  them  bona  fide,  as  the  best  which  had  occurred  to  them.  They  felt,  themselves  in  difficulties  upon  other  points.  it  e  ,  s  h  oul  d  say  that  that  part  of  'Birkenhead  which  applied  specially  to  dock  acdommodation  ought  to  have  been  purchased  by  the  dock  estate  of  the  town  and  not  by  the  corporate  estate.  They  *ere  placed  now  in  this  unfortunate  position—here  was  an  estate  which  had  been  brouaht  by  A.,  which  had  to  be  managed  and  taken  charge  of  by  8.,  who  had  no  interest  whatever  in  the  estate,  or  if  he  had  any  interest  at  all,  had  an  interest  somewhat  adverse.  It  the  corpora corporation  tion corporation  had  the  sole  control  of  the  works  they  could  carry  them  on  little  by  little.  But  the  difficulty  here  was  this— thistheir  their thistheir  unhappy  disputes  for  years  gon  e  Y STYLE=superscript  by  had  so  pre prejudiced  judiced prejudiced  the  government  authorities  and  the  house  of  comntons  against  them,  that  they  had  actually  got  the  absurd  notion  that  the  corporation  of  Liverpool  had  bought  the  Birkenhead  dock  estate,  in  order  to  prevent  it  from  being  brought  into  operation  at  all—that  the  corporation  was  so  wealthy  that  they  could  afford  to  throw  away  a  million  of  money  on  works  which  they  never  intended  to  use  at  all.  Therefore,  he  did  not  see  why  they  should  not  state  publicly  in  their  places  of  council,  that  they  had  an  interest  in  advancing  Birken Birkenhead,  head, Birkenhead,  and  that  it,  Was  their  interest,  as  well  as  their  object  to  obtain  all  the  facilities  which  the  nature  of  the  place  would  allow.,  (Hear,  hear.)  They  should,  therefore,  go  before  parliament  to  state  their  case  in  the  best  way  they  could.  In  carrying  out  the  details  of  the  matter,  there  should  be  confidence  to  some  extent,  in  the  committee  they  appointed.  The  great  principle  they  were  all  agreed  upon,  and  it  could  not  be  the  interest  of  the  committee  to  throw  away:money,  or  to  launch  into  large  undertakings,  without:seeing  their  way  how  to  get  out  of  them.  (Hear,  hear.)  •  After  a  few  words  from  Alderman  Parker,  Mr.  Charles  Turner  said  that  Mr,  Picton  had  alluded  to  an  antagonism  of  interests  between  the  dock  estate  and  the  council.  With  Mr.  Picton's  knowledge  of  both  bodies  and  the  commercial  interests  of  the  port  of  Liverpool,  it  was  surprising  that  such'  an  idea  should  have  ever  entered  into  his  head.  •  They  were  both  public  bodies,  both  were  associated  for  public  purposes,  and  both  had  the  interests  of  Liverpool  at  he  ar  t.  The  dock  committee  had  especially  entrusted  to  it  the  commercial  and  shipping  interests  of  the  port,  while  the  corporation  had  com committed  mitted committed  to  their  care  subjects  also  connected  with  the  interests  of  the  town,  and  how  there  could  be  any  antago antagonism  nism antagonism  of  interests  between  two  bodies  so  constituted.  he  could  not  possibly  conceive.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  dock  committee  had:not  been  able  to.  enter  into  negotiations  for  the  purchase  of  the  immense  estate  (Birkenhead),  in  a  great  measure,  through  the  want  of  the  means  of  doing  so.  Mr.  Picton  was  aware,  and  all  tcommercial  men  were  aware,  that  the  dock  committee  was  bound,  when  they  raised  sufficient  money  for  the  purposes  of  paying  the  interest  on  their  debt  and  the  expenses  connected  with  the  docks,  to  reduce  their  rates;  and,  during  the  last  year  the  margin,  after  paying  the  interest  on  their  debt  and  expenses  of  management,  was  so  small,  as  quite  to  preclude  the  possibility,  as  prudent  men,  of  their  entering  into  liabilities  of  that  great  nature.  In  fact,  it  was  per perfectly  fectly perfectly  clear,  'that  if  it  were  to  continue—he  hoped  that  under  present  circumstances  there  was  a  hope  of  its  ter terminating  minating terminating  sooner  than  they  at  one  time  expected  ;  but,  if  it  were  to  continue—it  was  perfectly  clear  tharthe  existing  revenues  of  the  dock  estate  would  not  be  sufficient  to  pay  the  increasing  liabilities  which  would  necessarily  come  upon  them.  Under  those  circumstances  it  was  totally  impossible  for  the  dock  committee  to  enter  into  negotia negotiations  tions negotiations  of  the  kind  ;  and  then  the  corporation  of  Liverpool,  with  that  public  spirit  which  distinguished  them,  stepped  forward  to  make  that  bargain,  which  he  agreed  with  Mr.  Hornby,  under  all  the  circuoistances,  would  be  beneficial  to  the  town  of  Liverpool,  although  for  some  years,  no  doubt,  it  would  entail  a  very  serious  loss  on  the  corpora corporation.  tion. corporation.  No  one  who  had  considered  the  subject,  could  con conceal  ceal conceal  that  fact  from  his  mind.  He,  however,  made  those  observations  merely  in  reply  to  Mr.  Picton,  and  to  show  that  there  was  no  antagonism  of  interests  between  the  dock  estate  and  the  council.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Hodgson  then  replied,  and  maintained  that  all  that  had  fallen  from  the  other  speakers,  was  but  a  corrobora corroboration  tion corroboration  of  his  views.  He  saw,  however,  that  his  motion  would  stand  no  chance  of  adoption  in  the  then  temper  of  the  council,  and  he  would  therefore  withdraw  it.  The  twelfth  clause  was  then  passed.  The  twenty-first  clause  empowers  the  corporation  to  let  out  water  from  the  docks,  for  the  purpose  of  effecting  sub substantial  stantial substantial  repairs  of  any  of  the  docks  or  basins,  after  one  week's  notice  in  writing,  under  the  hand  of  their  Town Townclerk,  clerk, Townclerk,  of  their  intention  so  to  do.  Mr.  Halhead  thought  seven  days'  notice  too  short  to  enable  shipowners  or  masters  to  make  the  necessary  pre preparations  parations preparations  for  the  removal  of  their  vessels,  and  moved  that  fourteen  days  be  substituted  for  seven  days.  After  some  conversation,  the  motion  was  put,  and  lost  on  a  show  of  hands.  The  remaining  clauses,  which  were  repitions  of  exist existing  ing existing  clauses,  were  passed  without  discussion.  There  are  123  clauses  altogether  in  the  bill.  The  council  then  adjourned.  SUNDAY  SCHOOL  AND  LITERARY  INSTITOTE.—  A  lecture  in  connection  with  thisinstitution,  was  delivered  in  the  usual  course,  at  the  Concert  Hall,  on  Tuesday  night.  The  lecturer  was  the  Rev.  W.  M.  P.  Unshon,  of  Leeds,  and  the  subject,  and  Science  —their  connection  with  The  Duke  of  Lancaster's  Own  Rifles,  stationed  at  Glas Glasgow,  gow, Glasgow,  have  just  given  their  first  instalment  of  volunteers  to  'he  line  for  the  year  1856.  170  men  have  been  approved.  principally  for  the  Queen's  Bays,  Artillery,  Marines,  31th,  40th,  71st,  and  Rifle  Regiments.  The  volunteering  was  limited  to  one  day.  The  regiment  now  stands  about  600  rank  and  file.  ANNUAL  MEETING  OF  THE  PEACE  SOCIETY.—The  annual  meeting  of  this  society  was  held  in  the  Slater-street  rooms,  on  Tuesday  night.  Mr.  Richard  Rathbone  occupied  the  chair.  After  the  routine  business  had  concluded,  a  lecture  was  delivered  by  the  Rev.  Francis  Bishop,  upon  the  general  influences  of  war,  and  the  injuries  to  social  welfare  and  morality,  with  whioh  it  is  accompanied.  TnE  MANCITESTER  POISONING.—The  body  of  John  Monaghan,  who  is  supposed  to  have  been  poisoned  for  the  sake  of  recovering  the  amount  for  which  his  life  had  been  insured.  was  discovered  on  Monday  afternoon  in  St.  Wilfred's  graveyard,  after  a  search  of  five  days,  during  which  many  other  bodies  had  been  exhumed.  The  inquest  was  to  be  opened  on  Tueiday  morning,  but  as  a  post  mortem  examination  will  have  to  be  made,  and  a  chemical  analysis  of  the  contents  of  the  stomach,  the  most  material  portion  of  the  evidence  will  not  be  ready  for  some  days  to  come.  CORONER'S  INQUFSTS.--On  Tuesday  the  coroner  held  the  following  inquests:  —Oa  the  body  of  an  unfortunate  female  named  Margaret  Brown,  aged  abut  32  years,  who  had  been  of  very  intemperate  habits.  Sarah  Norton  said  she  resided  in  a  cellar  in  Hotham-street,  and  on  Saturday  last  the  deceased  called  for  her,  and  said  she  had  come  out  of  the  Model  Jail  at  Waltham  ;  that  the  jail  had  killed  her,  and  that  the  police  used  her  very  rough  ;  before  she  had  been  committed  there  for  four  days,  for  being  drunk  and  disorderly.  She  appeared  very  ill,  end  witness  gave  her  a  glass  of  whiskey.  She  subsequently  got  worse,  awl  had  several  fits  from  that  time  up  to  after  1  o'clock  on  Tuesday  morning,  when  she  died.  A  surgeon  made  a  post  mortem  examination  of  the  body,  and  stated  the  cause  01  death  to  have  been  excessive  drinking.  Verdict  accordingly.—On  the  body  of  the  child,  Daniel  James  Christian,  the  son  of  a  tailor  residing  in  Pcllew-strset,  who  died  in  cons  , STYLE=superscript  luence  of  his  clothes  having  caught  fire,  whereby  he  was  fatally  in injured.  jured. injured.  Verdict,  Accidental  death.—On  the  body  of  Maria  Cunningham  '  aged  12  years,  who  also  died  from  injuries  received  by  her  clothes  catching  fire  in  the  house  of  her  parents,  Blenheim-street,  a  fortnight  ago.  Verdict  same  as  in  the  preceding  case.—On  the  body  of  Elizabeth  Turner,  aged  38,  who  resided  in  a  cellar  in  Hornby-street.  On  Saturday  night  the  deceased  was  drank,  and  whilst  in  that  state  her  clothes  caught  fire,  and  to  use  the  words  of  a  witness  who  was  examined,  deceased  was  burnt  to  death—literally  roasted  Verdict,  died  from  injuries  received  whilst  in  a  state  of  intoxication.  [This  case  was  described  as  a  truly  horrible  one.  The  deceased  had  a  child  dead,  and  with  several  persons  were  engaged  in  what  is  called  a  and  a  scene  of  drunkenness  took  place  which  the  coroner  described  as  the  most  frightful  he  had  known.  The  deceased  was  alive,  drunk,  burnt,  and  dead  in  half  an  hour.]  POLICE  COURT.-YESTERDAY  T~  (BEFORE  MR.  SMITR.)  WEIAT'S  YOUR  NAME  ?—A  young'wonien  of  ladylike  appearance',  address,  and  attire,  whose  name  was  set  down  as  Mary  Clarke,  %vat  charged  with  having  stolen  d  valuable  pin,  the  property  of  a  young  gentleman,  named  William  Qliverson.  'the  complainant  said  he  met  the  lady  in  Great  Charlotte-street  at  an  carry  hour  the  previous  evening,  when  she  positively  asked  him,  Is  your  name  Mr.  Charles  Clarke  replied  that  his  name.  wtcs  not  Mr.  Charles  Clarke,  nor  had  he  any  acquaintance  with  that  respectable  individual.  She  then  inquired  if  he  had  any  acquaintance  with  the  tinnily  of  the  Smiths?  He  was  (she  said),  Very  like  some  of  that  ilustrious  race.  Mr.  Oliverson  having  disclaimed  any  relationship  with  that  extensive  family,  the  prisoner;  in  the  most  polite  manner,  and  with  a  theatrical  wave  of  her  dexter-band  toxfards  his  breast,'  begged  his  par pardon,  don, pardon,  and  expressed  h  e  r  r  eg  r  e  t  dt,  the  mist  ikes  she  made,  and  wished  him  goof  night.  In  an  instant.  afterwards  he  missed  the  pin,  which  he  had  safe  immediately  pre previous  vious previous  to  the  magic  pass  she  made  towards  his  stock,  in  which  the  pin  was  fastened.  He  ran  after  the  prisoner  and  caught  her,  and  had  every  search  made  for  the  pine  but  it  was  not  found,  The  - STYLE=superscript  prisoner  said  she  had  certainly  asked  the  gentleman  if  his  name  was  Mr.  Clarke,  as  he  was  remarkably  like  him  ;  but  she  repu repudiated,  diated, repudiated,  in  the  strongest  terms,  the  charge  of  stealing  the  pin.  Police  officer  No.  225  said  he  made  every  search  for  the  pin  t  but.  could.  not  find  it.  The  prisoner  was  disch  argel.  THEFT  BY  A  SERVAI4T.--A  respectable  looking  girl,  named  Ellen  Barry,  late  a  servant  of  Mr.  Kenneth  M'Pugh,  Neth&amp;field-road,  was  brought  up  by  detective  Cdtdd  on  a  charge  of  having  embezzled  55.,  and  also  for  having  obtained  money  by  false  .  pretences.  On  the  15th  Dec.  the  prisoner  was  sent  to  a  butcher  for  a  leg  of  mut mutton,  ton, mutton,  to  pay  for  which  she  received  a  sovereign,  but  it  ap appeared  peared appeared  she  got  the  meat  without  payment,  keeping  Ss  as  the  amount.  Subsequently  she  went  to  a  public-house  and  borrowed  3s  for  the  purpose,  as  she  alleged  of  pay payin..;  in..; payin..;  for  a  parcel,  that  had  arrived  in  the  absence  of  Mr.  M'Pugh.  The  prisoner  alleged  that  she  had  paid  for  the  mutton,  and  that  she  intended  to  pay  the  3s  when  she  got  her  wages:  The  prosecutor  said,  he  should  not  have  brought  forward  the  charge,  but  he  had  reason  to  know  that  his  house  had  been  plundered  to  a  large  extent  by  the  prisoner,  on  the  death  or  his  wife,  some  time  ago.  The  prisoner  was  remanded  for  a  week.  THE  ROBBERY  OF  £2l.—Anne  Wilson,  and  James  Jackson,  were  brought  up  on  remand  on  a  charge  of  having  stolen  £2l  from  John  Wilson,  of  lireseot-row.  The  details  of  this  case  have  already  appeared.  The  prisoners  were  defended  by  Mr.  tiluck,  A  young  lady  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Pentony,  in  Commutation-row;  proved  that  the  note  (which  was  stolen  from,  and  identi identified  fied identified  by  the  prosecutor),  was  changed  there  on  Saturday  night,  in  paythent  for  a  pair  of  boots.  The  note  was  changed  by  a  female,  but  not  the  prisoner.  The  prisoners  were  again  remanded  fore  week.  CURIOUS  Casa.—A  man  named  William  Smart,  who  said  he  was  a  potato  dealer,  residing  at  !Elston,  near  Wolverhampton,  and  who  appeared  to  be  about  60  years  of  age,  charged  a  girl  named  111'Neil,  who  was  not  more  than  14  years  old,  with  having  assaulted  and  robbed  him  of,  34  sovereigns  in  a  house  of  ill  fame  ;  in  Gascoyne Gascoynestreet.  street. Gascoynestreet.  Two  policemen  said,  about  one  o'clock  in  the  morning,  they  heard  a  voice  in  the  street;  and  on  going  to  ascertain  the  cause,  they  saw  the  man  running  along  with  his  coat  on  his  arm,  and  the  girl  (to  use  their  words)  licking  him  most  unmercifully  on  the  head  with  a  flat  (  Here  the  poker  was  produced  The  prosecutor's  head  was  a  ll  b  an  d  age  d  up  an  d  hi  s  f  ace  covered  with  blood.  He  said,  the  prisoner  and  some  other  females  in  the  house  laid  on  his  head  with  the  poker  and  other  weapons,  and  knocked  him  into  a  com complete  plete complete  doldrum,  and  he  could  not  tell  what  happened,  except  that  he  got  jolly  well  The  police  said,  when  they  met  him  he  was  very  stupid.  They  asked  him  if  he  had  anything,  but  he  could  not  tell.  They  went  to  the  house,  and,  on  searching  it,  they  foand  34  sovereigns  in  a  handkerchief  concealed  in  a  room  ;  this  had  been  stolen  from  the  complainant.  The  girl  to!d  a  long  story,  which  iltrue,  did  not  reflect  much  credit  on  the  potato  dealer.  The  prisoner  was  discharged,  but  the  complainant  got  his  money.  (BEFORE  MR.  MANSFIELD.)  .  .  A  CANNIBAL  —A  black  man  named  William  Wilson,  was  charged  by  .  a  comrade  of  the  same  colour  named  Jackson,  with  having  violently  assaulted  him,  and  with  having  bit  off  one  of  his  lips  !  The  parties  were  in  a  boarding-house  kept  by  a  countryman  of  their  own,  when  some  quarrel  arose  between  them,  and  they  were  put  out  into  the  street,  where  they  had  a  fight.  The  prisoner  bit  the  complainant  in  the  arms  and  other  parts,  and  then  seized  one  of  his  lips  between  his  teeth  and  bit  it  off.  The  piece  of  flesh  was  here  produced  amid  a  thrill  of  disgust.  The  complainant  could  not  speak  in  consequence  of  the  injuries  he  had  received,  and  the  prisoner  was  remanded  until  the  result  of  them  could  be  ascertained.  ASsAuLT.—George  Wool,  apparently  a  seafaring  per person,  son, person,  and  Elizabeth  Freeman;were  charged  with  having  assaulted  a  publican  named  Loubs,  who  resides  in  John Johnstreet.  street. Johnstreet.  The  prisoners  wanted  to  get  into  the  house  of  the  complainant  after  hours,  but  were  refused,  whereon  they  assaulted  the  complainant.  They  were  each  fined  .ss.  and  costs:  SOUTHERN  AND  TOXTETH  HOSPITAL.—WEEKLY  REPORT,  JAN.  30,  1856.—1  n  patients  :—Discharged  :  cured,  12  ;  relieved,  2;  at  own  request,  l  ;  irregular,  1.  Dead,  0  ;  entered,  17;  under  treatment,  70.  Out  patients  :  cured,  25  ;  entered,  33  ;  under  treatment,  40.  Treasurer,  James  Houghton,  Esq.  Visitors,  Mr.  J.  Ingram,  and  Mr.  J.  Rogers.  Honorary  chaplain,  Re  r.  D.  T.  Barry,  B.A.  Physicians  and  surgeons  for  the  week,  Dr.  Cameron,  and  Mr.  Churton.  Ilouse  surgeons,  Mr.  Charles  Royston  and  Mr.  E.  C.  Garland.  CEEISTIANITY  IN  NEW  ZEALAND.—Last,  evening  the  members  of  the  Everton  branch  of  the  Church  Missionary  Society,  held  a  meeting  at  the  Everton  and  Kirkdale  School Schoolroom,  room, Schoolroom,  for  the  purpose  of  hearing  an  address  from  the  Rev.  Richard  Taylor,  a  misionary  from  that  colony,  detailing  the  progress  the  gospel  had  made  there,  and•  affording  interest interesting  ing interesting  information  in  connection  therewith.  He  was  attended  by  a  New  Zealand  chief.  On  Friday  evening  a  similar  meeting  will  be  held  at  Hope-hall.  _  Fimunn.--Much  surprise  was  excited  in  Manchester  on  Saturday,  by  a  rumour  of  the  failure  of  Messrs.  Richard  Clarke  and  Sons,  manufacturers,  concurrently  with  the  appearance  of  an  advertisement  in  the  newspapers  announc announcing  ing announcing  a  dissolution  of  the  firm.  The  rumour  proves  correct  ;  the  immediate  cause  ,of  the  stoppage  being  the  private  speculations  of  the  retiring  partner  in  the  public  funds  and  other  securities  to  a  large  amount.  We  shall  not  be  .far  'from  correct  in  the  following  general  statement  of  the  affairs  of  the  house  :—The  real  property,  say  £30,000,  secures  the  'mortgage;  the  shipping  liabilities,  £25,000,  are  covered  by  consignments  ;  and  the  stock  and  other  available  assets  are  expected  to  turn  out  well  in  meeting  the  trade  debts,  which  are  about  £16,000.  The  books  are  in  the  hands  of  an  accountant  ;  and,  -a  .meeting  of  creditors  will  be  held  in  a  few  days.  THE  COURTS  OF  BANIERUPTCY.—The  following  is  an  analysis  of  the  bankrupt  list  for  th  e  p  ast  year  :  ......  .  „  NUMBERS  OP  Rh:TURNS  FILED  IN  1855.  Official  A  ssig.  Official  As  sig.  London  ....  657  ..  10  Bristol  ....  85  ..  2  Birmingham  200  4  Liverpool..Bo  4  Leeds  .  ...  146  ...  4  Exetir  65  ..  1  Manchester  119  3  Newcastle  51  ..  2  The  amount  of  business  which  the  framers  of  the  Bank.  ruptcy  Act  calculated  would  probably  flow  into  each  dis district  trict district  may  be  measured  by  the  assignees  appointed,  and  we  have  therefore  inserted  them  as  above.  It  will,  therefore,  be  seen  that  there  has  been  much  less  bankruptcy  in  the  Liverpool  district  (which  embraces  all  North  Wales),  than  in  any  other.  Whether  this  arises  from  the  superior  prudence  and  circumspection  of  the  traders  in  this  part  of  Great  Britain,  or  from  other  causes,  is  a  subject  worth  attention.  REFJRM  IN  THE  UNIVERSITY  OF  CAMBRIDGE.—On  Tuesday  morning  a  meeting  was  held  at  the  Town-hall,  Manchester,  the  Mayor  in  the  chair,  to  receive  the  report  of  a  deputation  appointed  at  a  public  meeting  in  Birming Birmingham,  ham, Birmingham,  on  the  31st  of  October  last,  with  special  reference  to  the  Cambridge  University  Improvement  Bill  of  the  Lord  Chancellor,  and  to  agree  to  a  memorial  to  the  Lord  Chan Chancellor  cellor Chancellor  on  the  subject.  Mr.  Heywood,  M.P.,  read  the  report,  which  gave  an  account  of  interviews  which  the  deputation  had  had  with  Lord  Palmerston  and  the  Lord  Ct  ancellor,  at  which  various  subjects  of  importance  relative  to  the  proposed  measure  for  the  reform  of  the  Cambridge  University,  were  discussed.  The  Lord  Chancellor  was  much  interested  in  the  subject  of  Cambridge  academical  reform,  and  gave  his  attention  to  all  the  points  brought  before  his  notice  by  the  deputation.  A  memorial  signed  by  the  depu deputation  tation deputation  was  subsequently  presented  to  Prince  Albert,  the  Chancellor  of  the  University  of  Cambridge,  in  favour  of  academical  reform,  which  his  royal  highness  commanded  to  be  forwarded  to  the  resident  university  authorities,  for  their  consideration.  There  had  not,  however,  been  any  meeting  or  active  movement  of  the  friends  of  university  reform  at  Cambridge  for  more  than  six  months.  The  report  con coneluded  eluded coneluded  by  quoting  from  the  written  opinions  of  the  Rev.  J.  J.  Taylor  of  London,  Mr,  H.  A.  Bright,  Liverpool,  the  Rev.  James  Martineau,  Professor  Foster,  and  the  Rev.  John  Jenkyns  Brown,  on  academical  teform.  Mr.  Gibson,  M.P.,  in  moving  the  adoption  of  tbe  report,  advocated  the  throwing  open  the  ho  nours  and  the  emoluments  of  the  university  to  persons  of  all  religious  opinions.  Sir  John  Potter  seconded  the  motion,  and  it  was  agreed  to.  A  me memorial  morial memorial  to.  the.  Lord  .  Chaneellor  was  then  adopted,  a  ft  er  which  a  committee  was.  appointed  to  carry  out  the  objects  of  the  meetino  •  „,  b  •  HB'ALLEGED  MITRFIEU  OF  A  MOTHER  AND  HER  CHILD.  —KINGSTON,  Saturday.—The  two  prisoners,  Ford  and  Jackson,  were  again  brought  up  for  examination  before  the  bench  of  magistrates  this  day,  on  the  charge  of  wilfully  murdering  Mary  Ann  Peacock,  and  her  daughter  Eliza,  by  drowning  them  in  the  River  Thames.  After  some  further  evidence  had  been  given,  the  bench  discharged  Jackson,  but  Ford  was  fully  committed  for  trial,  the  bench  refusing  to  take  bail."
