text
"ALARMING  FIRE.  Last  night,  about  eleven  o'clock,  the  inhabitants  living  in  the  locality  of  Bevington  Bush,  were  thrown  into  the  greatest  consternation  by  an  alarm  of  fire,  which  it  was  found  had  broken  out  in  the  extensive  tenancy  occupied  by  Messrs.  Barton  and  Son.  No  sooner  had  the  alarm  been  given,  than  the  intelligence  was  received  at  the  fire  station  in  Temple  Court,  and  Mr.  Hewitt,  the  superintendent  of  th  e  fire  brigade,  with  all  the  appliances  connected  with  that  establishment  were  on  the  move.  No  sooner  had  the  fire  broke  out,  then,  from  the  nature  of  the  property  on  the  premises,  it  immediately  burst  out  into  a  great  flame,  which  was  seen  at  sonic  distance,  and,  combined  with  the  stench  from  the  burning  leather,  causcdhundreds  of  persons  to  repair  to  the  scene.  The  premises  are  very  extensive,  the  upper  part  of  which  are  chiefly  wards  or  drying  room,  in  whicicthe  leather,  after  going  through  the  process  of  tanning,  is  placed  for  drying,  and  beneath  is  the  depot  for  cork,  and  other  products.  It  appears  that  the  fire  broke  out  in  one  of  the  tan  sheds,  but  at  present  no  positive  cause  has  been  ascertained  as  to  how  the  fire  originated  ;  but  it  opened  with  great  vehemence,  and  before  the  fire  brigade  could  possibly  get  there,  the  whole  place  was  in  flames,  and  the  tire  was  distinguishable  for  miles  round.  As  soon  as  the  fire  brigade  arrived  the  hoses  were  placed,  and  with  judi judicious  cious judicious  management,  and  a  plentiful  supply  of  water,  the  fire  was  extinguished,  considering  its  magnitude,  in  a  very  short  time.  There  cannot  be  a  doubt,  but  had  it  not  been  for  the  invaluable  assistance  of  the  fire  brigade,  who  were  speedily  in  attendance,  and  who  are  so  well  trained  for  such  emergency,  that  the  loss  of  property  would  have  been  immense.  The  fire  was  extin extinguished  guished extinguished  with  the  greatest  alacrity,  and  the  chief  constable,  Captain  Greig,  was  in  attendance  as  soon  as  the  fire  was  discovered,  and  by  his  judicious  arrangements  mainly  assisted  in  keeping  order,  and  thus  preserved  pro property  perty property  which  must  otherwise  have  been  destroyed.  Having  witnessed  a  great  number  of  fires,  in  some  of  which  an  im immense  mense immense  amount  of  property  was  involved,  but  we  never  saw  a  greater  amount  of  efficiency  shown  on  any  occasion  than  was  displayed  by  the  fire  brigade.  The  loss  is  considerable,  but  the  property  is  fully  insured.  WHAT  WH  OUGHT  TO  Do.—A  in  the  Times,  makes  the  following  suggestions  which  are  indeed  obvious  enough  to  all  those  who  direct  their  speculations  to  the  question  ought  we  to  do  We  have  little  doubt  that  they  would  be  equally  effective  as  obvious  :  Until  the  10th  of  April  the  Russian  Baltic  fleet  may  be  con considered  sidered considered  hors  de  combat,  and  the  shores  of  England  safe  from  aggression.  The  first  step,  therefore,  should  be  the  collec collection  tion collection  in  the  Black  Sea  of  every  disposable  ship  belonging  to  the  allies.  Before  the  end  of  January  13  English,  13  French,  and  4  Turkish  sail  of  the  line  might  be  concentrated  there,  and  Sebastopol  and  the  Russian  fleet  of  18  sail  of  the  line  should  be  totally  destroyed.  A  small  squadron  of  five  sail  of  the  line  from  each  of  the  allies  might  be  left  to  as assist  sist assist  the  Turkish  arms,  but  the  fleets  of  France  and  England,  with  that  exception,  should  by  brought  to  England,  and  with  slight  exertions  a  fleet  of  34  sail  ot  the  line  might  ren rendezvous  dezvous rendezvous  in  Yarmouth  Roads  before  April  was  far  advanced.  This  formidable  fleet,  flu.4lted  with  victory,  w  )uld,  on  its  ar arrival  rival arrival  in  the  Baltic,  paralyse  the  Russian  flea  of  28  sail  ot  the  line,  and,  if  Cronstadt  be  not  impregnable,  might  de destroy  stroy destroy  it  there,"
