text
"ABERCROMBY  WARD.  The  contest  in  this  ward  between  Mr.  Earle  and  Mr.  Lee,  was  of  the  most  exciting  character,  and  although  Mr.  Earle  was  returned  by  the  respectable  majority  of  12,  the  history  of  municipal  contests  in  this  borough  affords  no  instance  of  a  sharper  conflict.  From  an  early  hour  in  the  morning,  the  opposing  candidates  were  running  neck  and  neck,  the  result  of  one  half  hour's  polling  shewing  a  majority  for  one,  the  next  turning  the  scale  in  favour  of  the  other.  This  state  of  things  continued  up  to  three  o'clock,  when  Mr.  Earle  was  nine  a-head  ;  by  half-past  three,  this  majority  was  reduced  to  five,  and  the  utmost  anxiety  prevailed  as  to  what  the  final  result  might  be.  Immediately  after  the  last  named  hour,  it  was  evident  the  conservatives  had  polled  to  their  last  man,  whilst  on  the  contrary,  Mr.  Earle's  friends  kept  arriving  in  quick  succession  up  to  four  o'clock,  when  the  poll  closed,  with  the  veteran  reformer  standing  at  the  head  of  the  poll  by  a  majority  of  twelve,  as  we  have  before  stated.  The  numbers  were,  for  Earle,  333,  for  Lee,  321.  This  we  believe  is  a  larger  number  of  electors  ;than  ever  before  polledin  the  ward.  On  the  result  becoming  known,  it  was  received  with  the  most  enthusiastic  applause,  the  crowd  continuing  to  cheer  as  they  proceeded  toMr.  Craig's,  Mulberry-street,  Mr.  Earle'scommittee-room,  where  it  was  announced  that  gentleman  would  address  the  electors.  When  the  large  crowd  had  assembled  in  front  of  Mr.  Craig's,  Mr.  GEORGE  MAXWELL,  Chairman  of  Mr.  Earle's  election  committee,  addressed  the  assemblage  from  the  window  of  the  committee-room.  On  making  his  appearance,  he  was  loudly  cheered.  He  said  Gentlemen,  by  the  return  of  our  friend  Mr.  Earle,  1  consider  we  have  achieved  an  immense  triumph.  (Cheers.)  You  have  not  only  got  the  best  man  that  could  be  found  for  the  representation  of  the  ward,  but  you  have  set  an  example  that  I  hope  other  wards  will  not  be  slow  to  follow.  (Cheers.)  Gentlemen,  it  has  been,  as  I  said  it  would  be,  a  well-contested  fight,  and  the  result  is  most  trium triumphant.  phant. triumphant.  (Cheers.)  I  have  not  in  my  possession  the  gross  amount  of  the  poll,  but  it  is  sufficient  to  tell  you  Mr.  Earle  has  a  majority  of  12.  (Cheers,  and  a  voice  Very  well,  there  is  luck  in  odd  numbers.  (Cheers  and  laughter.)  I  think,  gentlemen,  we  owe  a  debt  of  gratitude  to  those  independent  volunteers  whose  great  exertions  have  led,  in  a  great  degree,  to  this  noble  result—(cheers)  ;  and  I  consider  the  thanks  of  every  friend  of  freedom,  both  in  and  out  of  the  ward,  the  thanks  of  every  freeman  in  Liverpool  are  due  to  those  volunteers  who  have  so  nobly  fought  and  con conquered.  quered. conquered.  (Cheers.)  Mr.  Earle  is  here  to  speak  for  himself,  and  I  will  detain  you  no  longer,  but  return  you  my  .  thanks,  and  congratulate  you  in  having  secured  so  able,  so  indepen independent,  dent, independent,  and  so  fearless  a  representative.  (Loud  applause.)  The  votes  for  Earle  are  333,  for  Lee  321  ;  majority  for  Earle,  as  I  said  before,  12.  (Cheers.)  Mr.  EARLE  then  came  forward  and  was  enthusiastically  cheered.  He  said,  gentlemen  and  brother  burgesses,  it  is  usual,  when  about  addressing  such  an  amazing  concourse  of  persons  as  I  now  see  present,  and  one  so  respectable,  for  a  person  to  come  prepared  to  address  them.  I  myself  so  little  expected  to  stand  in  the  position  I  now  do,  that  I  have  pre prepared  pared prepared  no  speech  whatever.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  can  scarcely  believe  my  own  eyes  that  I  am  your  representative  —(cheers)  —in  that  most  august  assembly,  the  Town  Council  of  Liver Liverpool.  pool. Liverpool.  (Cheers  and  laughter.)  Gentlemen,  I  owe  you  my  most  cordial  thanks  for  the  good  feeling  and  kindness  you  have  shown  towards  me.  I  do  not  thank  you  for  returning  mu  to  tau  croioe.,n.,  4  m  4.1,„,,ir  y  ou  for  0  rood  opinion  of  me.  (Cheers.)  I  prize  it  most  h  ig  h  ly,  gentlemen,  and  I  consider  it  a  very  great  honour  to  b  e  re  t  urne  d  i  n  the  manner  you  have  returned  me.  (Great  applause.)  It  is  highly  hooom.blo  Lu  )  ourselves,  end  most  complimen complimentary  tary complimentary  to  me.  (Cheers).  I  must  say  one  word  on  an  expression  I  used  in  my  address  to  you,  which  was  having  the  audacity  to  appear  before  (Laughter).  Now,  gentle gentlemen,  men, gentlemen,  that  was  used  entirely  as  a  joke,  and  not  with  the  intention  of  being  serious.  The  gentleman  that  uttered  those  words  (Mr.  Brakell)  I  do  not  know,  even  by  person,  nor  by  his  calling,  but  I  must  say  I  have  received  from  him  the  most  handsome  letter  that  man  could  pen.  (Hear,  hear).  If  I  had  entertained  any  bitter  feelings,  which,  God  knows,  I  did  not,  for  he  did  not  offend  me,  and  had  they  been  ever  so  bitter,  the  letter  I  have  received  from  him  would  have  obliterated  them  for  ever.  (Cheers).  I  think  it  is  only  due  to  that  gentleman  to  state  that,  being  an  opponent  in  politics,  not  that  politics  have  anything  to  do  with  it,—on  the  present  occasion.  (Cheers).  Everybody  knows  what  I  am;  I  never  changed,  and  never  shall  change.  (Loud  cheers.)  Your  exertions  have  been  most  astounding.  (Applause).  I  could  not  have  conceived  you  would  have  managed  the  matter  in  the  way  you  have  done,  and  in  retiring  from  this  window,  and  wishing  you  health  and  happiness,  I  have  most  cordially  to  thank  you  for  your  kindness.  (Great  applause).  Mr.  ROI3ERTSON  GLADSTONE,  after  repeated  calls,  then  came  forward,  and  was  loudly  cheered.  He  said,  gentle gentlemen,  men, gentlemen,  whatever  may  be  said  of  your  representatives,  whether  it  be  for  good  or  evil,  you  have  this  day  returned  an  honest  man—(applause)  •  you  have  decided  that  questi  on  —(h  ear  ,  hear)  ;  and  you  have  equally  decided  another,  that  in  travel travelling  ling travelling  to  a  man's  brains,  you  should  not  have  to  go  through  his  stomach.  (Loud  applause.)  Now,  one  of  the  next  won wonders  ders wonders  you  will  hear  of  will  be  that  a  certain  representative  retired  from  this  ward,  and  was  made  an  alderman  of,  in  order  to  make  way  for  Mr.  Earle.  (Cheers  and  laughter).  Wonders  never  cease,  and  the  rapid  succession  with  which  one  election  has  followed  another,  almost  makes  the  word  change  its  meaning  and  become  victory.  (Cheers).  Gentlemen  we  may  all  of  us  differ  in  opinion,  but  surely  in  the  regulation  and  management  of  our  local  affairs,  we  may  continue  to  sink  some  little  differences,  and  strive  to  do  our  utmost  for  the  benefit  of  the  whole  community.  (Cheers).  I  am  quite  sure  of  this,  you  will  find  in  Mr.  Earle,  the  same  straightforward,  honest,  honorable  defender  of  your  inte interests  rests interests  he  has  always  been.  (Cheers).  And  he  has  this  ad advantage  vantage advantage  over  many,  he  speaks  his  mind.  (Cheers).  He  has  no  double  meaning  ;  no  double  fence  ;  you  know  what  he  intends  when  he  speaks,  and  what  his  mind  is,  and  I  believe  a  more  straightforward,  able  representative  you  could  not  find  in  this  community.  (Cheers).  I  beg  leave  to  thank  you  most  kindly  for  listening  to  those  few  remarks.  (Hear,  hear).  Mi..  CHARLES  WILLMER  then  proposed  a  vote  of  thanks  to  Mr.  Maxwell,  the  Chairman  of  Mr.  Earle's  Com Committee.  mittee. Committee.  Mr.  STEWART  seconded  the  motion  which  was  carried  by  acclamation.  Mr.  MAXWELL  was  extremely  obliged  for  this  instance  of  their  good  feeling,  and  after  the  extraordinary  exertions  they  had  used  that  day,  he  would  do  no  more  than  briefly  thank  them,  and  say,  that  whenever  he  could  be  of  any  use  in  the  liberal  interest,  whether  it  be  in  a  municipal  or  parlia parliamentary  mentary parliamentary  contest,  he  was  at  their  service.  (Cheers).  The  proceedings  tken  terminated  with  three  cheers  for  Messrs.  Earle,  Gladstone,  and  Maxwell.  PITT  STREET  WARD.  At  the  close  of  the  poll  in  this  ward  the  numbers  were—  For  Mr.  William  Mann  221  For  Mr.  John  Smith  Majority  for  Mr.  Mann  —s2  A  large  crowd  assembled  outside  Mr.  Mann's  committee committeeroom,  room, committeeroom,  Park  -lane,  where  they  were  addressed  by  the  friends  and  supporters  of  that  gentleman.  Mr.  RINDIER  announced  the  state  of  the  poll,  amid  loud  cheers,  and  congratulated  hi  s  f  r  i  en  d  s  u  p  on  th  e  no  bl  e  v  i  c  t  ory  they  had  achieved  in  having  Mr.  Mann  to  represent  their  ward  in  the  Town  Council.  They  would  find  him  a  most  efficient  member,  and  most  worthy  of  the  confidence  which  they  had  that  day  shown  by  the  result  of  the  poll  that  they  placed  in  him.  (Cheers.)  A  voice  in  the  Where  is  your  (Loud  cries  of  cheers  and  laughter.)  Mr.  Rimmen  :  A.  gentleman  below  has  asked  where  is  Mr.  Mann.  lle  is  in  London  upon  the  Pilot  Committee  busi business,  ness, business,  and  he  will  be  here  on  Monday,  an  d  w  ill  then  have  to  thank  you  for  the  lush  honour  which  you  have  this  day  done  him,  and  I  am  certain,  from  my  knowledge  of  him,  that  you  will  never  have  any  cause  to  regret  this  day's  proceedings,  and  that  you  never  could  have  a  more  efficient  representative.  (Cheers.)  I  know  no  man  more  worthy  of  the  honour  you  have  done  him,  and  in  him  Mr.  Jeffreys  and  Mr.  John  Gladstone  will  have  a  most  able  colleague.  (Cheers.)  Mr.  W.-P.  JEFFREYS,  who  was  received  with  loud  cheers,  next  spoke.  He  said  he  was  one  of  Mr.  John  Smith's  per personal  sonal personal  friends,  although  he  had  that  day  voted  in  favour  of  Mr.  Mann,  as  one  whom  he  thought  infinitely  superior  to  Mr.  John  Smith  to  fill  the  office  of  town  councillor,  and  become  his  (Mr.  Jeffrey's)  colleague  in  Pitt-street  Ward.  (Cheers.)  However  highly  he  thought  of  Mr.  John  Smith's  capacity  as  a  literary  man,  he  would  give  them  his  sincere  opinion,  that  they  had  that  day  chosen  a  gentleman  who  had  proved  himself  most  capable  of  fulfilling  the  onerous  duties  of  a  town  councillor,  and  who  had  performed  these  duties  and  the  duties  of  a  dock  sommittee-man  for  six  years,  to  the  entire  satisfaction  of  all,  whether  whigs,  tones,  or  radicals.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  ,He  was  extremely  sorry  for  the  position  in  which  the  friends  of  Mr.  John  Smith  had  again  placed  that  gentleman.  They  had  put  him  a  second  time  in  the  balance,  and  he  had  been  found  want wanting.  ing. wanting.  (Cheers.)  He  sincerely  regretted  that  injudicious  friends  had  placed  Mr.  John  Smith  in  such  a  position,  and  he  hoped  they  would  learn  after  a  second  defeat  within  twelve  days,  to  do  something  better  for  their  friends  in  future.  Mr.  John  Smith  might  well  Heaven  save  me  from  my  (Cheers  and  laughter.)  After  the  unblushing  hypocrisy  of  their  opponents,  in  declaring  that  they  were  not  going  to  canvass  the  ward,  that  they  were  not  going  to  coax  any  one  to  vote,  yet  they  were  found,  with  renewed  energy,  in  every  street  and  lane  ;  not  a  house  did  they  leave,  not  an  elector  did  they  spare,  where  they  had  the  slightest  hope  of  succeeding  •  and  they  canvassed,  coaxed,  Goled,  and  threatened,  until  they  got  or  ear,  hear.)  But  the  result  proved  that  was  more  frequent  than  (Cheers.)  When  would  these  people  know  when  they  were  properly  thrashed?  They  reminded  him  of  the  Irish  drummer,  who  had  the  very  unpleasant  duty  to  perform  of  flogging  a  poor  deserter.  Whether  the  drummer  flogged  high  or  flogged  low  he  could  not  please  the  deserter.  (Laughter.)  Now,  they  had  flogged  their  oppo opponents  nents opponents  high  and  flogged  them  low,  and  if  they  were  not  now  satisfied  he  was  sure  whenever  they  come  again  they  would  flog  them  in  a  double  manner.  (Cheers.)  They  had  chosen  a  gentleman  in  every  way  worthy  of  their  choice,  and  on  his  behalf  he  thanked  them.  Mr.  Mann  would  very  soon  return  to  thank  them  in  person,  and  he  was  very  sure  they  would  have  every  reason  to  feel  highly  gratified  with  the  selection  they  had  made.  (Cheers.)  Mr.  JOHN  RICKY  expressed  his  regret  that  Mr.  Mann  was  not  present  himself  to  express  his  thanks.  It  had  been  the  wish  of  his  friends  and  neighbours  that  he  (Mr.  Rigby)  would  allow  himself  to  be  put  in  nomination  upon  that  oc occasion,  casion, occasion,  ;,ut  he  told  them,  with  all  due  deference,  that  they  had  elected  a  man  very  much  better  qualified  to  represent  them  in  the  Town  Council  than  he  could  have  been,  a  man  who  was  well  known  to  the  community  at  large,  who  had  served  them  faithfully  and  efficiently  for  a  number  of  years  without  a  stain  upon  his  character.  (Cheers).  He  had  no  'doubt  that  when  persons  saw  the  efficiency  of  Mr.  Mann  in  the  Town  Council,  although  they  might  have  opposed  him  upon  the  present  occasion,  they  would  congratulate  the  men  of  Pitt-btroot  Ward  upon  having  elected  so  efficient  a  representative  of  their  Intel  cata.  (Cheers.)  They  were  opponents  merely  upon  the  day  of  election,  (hear,  hear);  and  he  for  one  would  be  very  sorry  that  his  friends  and  neigh neighbours  bours neighbours  whom  he  had  known  for  years,  should,  after  the  election  was  over,  have  any  word  or  charge  to  bring  against  him.  (Hear  and  cheers).  Mr.  CHARLES  CALLis,  who  was  loudly  cheered  congratu congratulated  lated congratulated  the  meeting  upon  the  result  of  the  struggle  in  which  they  had  been  that  day  engaged.  The  :election  of  that  day  was  caused  by  the  elevation  of  an  old  and  tried  servant  of  Pitt-street  Ward;  and  the  members  of  the  Town  Council  had  paid  a  compliment  to  that  ward,  through  Mr.  Toulmin,  by.havine  raised  him  to  the  position  of  an  alderman  after  he  had  served  the  town  faithfully  for  fourteen  years.  (Cheers).  The  compliment  was  to  the  electors  of  that  ward,  not  to  Mr.  Toulmin;  because  they  were  the  men  who  had  sent  him  into  the  Council.  (Hear,  hear)  They  had  been  called  upon  that  day  to  exercise  their  privilege  again,  and  they  did  so  in  the  same  noble  manner  as  ever,  and  recorded  their  votes  for  a  gentleman  who  had  faithfully  served  them.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  election  had  been  conducted  respect respectably,  ably, respectably,  and  upon  behalf  of  the  committee  he  could  say  that  not  one  word  had  escaped  them  or  any  of  the  supporters  of  Mr.  Mann  for  which  they  had  that  day  to  apologise.  (Hear,  hear.)  They  did  not  indulge  in  personalities—they  did  not  go  and  pick  holes  in  the  coats  of  their  opponents  —they  asked  the  electors  to  exercise  their  common  sense,  and  the  electors  had  done  so.  (Cheers.)  He  hoped  that  out  of  the  numerous  assemblage  there  no  one  would  go  away  with  any  unkind  feeling  towards  himself  or  any  of  the  supporters  of  Mr.  Mann.  (Hear  hear.)  He  was  not  aware  that  he  had  said  one  word  which  could  possibly  offend  any  of  their  opponents.  Mr.  Callis  concluded  by  stating  that  Mr.  Mann  would  thank  them  personally  at  the  Vine  Tavern,  at  seven  o'clock  on  Monday  evening,  and  again  expressed  his  con conviction  viction conviction  that  Mr.  Mann  would  do  all  in  his  power  to  promote  the  happiness,  comfort,  and  well-being  of  every  elector  in  Pitt-street  ard.  (Cheers.)  The  assemblage  then  broke  up.  IRELAND.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.  DUBLIN,  SATLTDAY  EVENING.  INCUMBERED  ESTATES  COURT.—Yesterday  the  ex extensive  tensive extensive  estates  of  the  Earl  of  Glengall  were  brought  to  the  hammer  by  the  Commissioners  In  the  rental,  they  were  described  as—the  fee  and  in inheritance  heritance inheritance  of  'the  town  of  Cahir,  the  manor  of  Cahir,  the  manor  of  Rehill,  and  the  manor  of  Castlegrace,  all  situate  in  the  barony  of  Iffa  and  Offa  West,  in  the  county  of  Tipperary  ;  Redmondstown,  in  the  barony  of  Iffa  and  Oft  East,  in  said.  conntv  :  pre premises  mises premises  M  in  the  town  of  uffle!,  In  the  baronies  of  Iffa  and  Offa  East,  and  Upper  Third,  in  the  coun counties  ties counties  of  Tipperary  and  Waterford  ;  and  the  lands  of  Derrinlaur,  in  the  barony  of  Upper  Third;  and  County  of  Waterford.  The  first  two  lots  which  made  up  a  profit  rent  of  £64  in  the  town  of  Cahir,  wers  sold  to  Mr.  John  Sadlier,  M.P.  for  £l6OO.  The  same  gentleman  also  put-Chased  lots  9-to  12inelusive,  lot  5  of  another  division  of  the  property,  and  the  whole  of  the  manor  of  Castlegrace  with  the  excep exception  tion exception  of  one  lot.  The  principal  other  purchasers  were  Captain  Daniel,  Mr.  Grant,  Mr.  Shean,  and  Mr.  Morgan.  The  bidding  was  very  brisk,  and  £204,075  was  realised,  being  beyond  an  average  of  twenty-four  years'  purchase.  SuorLIFTING.—A  respectable  womannamed  Ryan,  was  yesterday  brought  up  at  Capel-street  Police  Office,  charged  with  having  stolen  a  hair-brush,  from  Messrs.  .Cannock  and  White  ;  she  was  also  charged  with  a  similar  offence  at  Messrs.  Todd  and  Burns.  The  heating  of  the  case  was  adjourned.  SHORT  TIME  IN  .THE  BELFAST  SPINNING  MILLS.  —  The  Belfast  Mercury  says  :—After  due  considera consideration,  tion, consideration,  almost  all  the  mill  owners  of  this  town  anc  ,  l  ,  neighbourhood  have  agreed  to  work  short  commencing  on  the  28th  instant;  and  the  follow following  ing following  notice  has  accordingly  been  put  up  in  their  several  mills  We  hereby  give  notice  that  we  shall  work  three-quarter  time,  or  forty-five  hours  per  week,  until  further  notice,  commencing  on  Monday,  the  28th  day  of  the  present  This  determination  is  almost  unanimous,  as  only  two  firms  out  of  thirty-one,  in  Belfast  and  its  suburbs,  have  hitherto  withheld  their  signatures.  It  may  be  added,  that  those  signing  comprise  three-fourths  of  the  Trish  trade,  or  about  375,000  spindles,  and  five-sixths  of  the  spindles  in  Belfast,  and  a  circuit  of  ten  miles  round.  It  is  greatly  to  be  regretted  that  the  state  of  the  trade  requires  that  this  course  should  be  taken;  hilt  the  extensive  concurrence  of  opinion  may  be  regarded  as  the  best  proof  that  it  was  felt  to  be  necessary  thus  to  limit  production  for  a  time  7.  --we  trust  only  for  a  short  time.  THE  LATE  ACCIDENT  ON  THE  GREAT  SOUTHERN  AND  WESTERN  RAILWAY.—The  widow  of  the  late  Mr.  Jelly  has  put  in  a  claim  to  the  directors  for  70001.  compensation,  which,  it  is  stated,  will  be  given  to  her.  With  the  widow  of  Mr.  M'Nally.  who  was  killed,  there  has  been  a  disagreement,  and  a  declaration  has  been  filed,  claiming  10,0001  .  The  children  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  M'Sweeney  claim  20,0001.  KELLY  v.  BIRCH.—This  case  came  on  fur  argu argument,  ment, argument,  to-day,  in  the  Court  of  Chancery,  but  has  not  yet  concluded.  _  MISS  CANTWELL'S  CASE.—This  lady,  as  I  have  already  stated,  is  about  to  bring  an  action  for  false  imprisonment  against  Messrs.  Cannock  and  White,  but  the  writ  of  summons  will  not  be  issued  till  next  term,  when  the  proceedings  will  take  place  under  Mr.  Whiteside's  Common-Law  Procedure  Act,  which  comes  into  force  on  the  Ist  of  January  ;  and  by  which  the  plaintiff  will  be  less  liable  to  be  defeated  on  mere  technical  grounds.  COMMITMENTS  BY  COUNTY  COURTS.—It  appears  that  in  the  course  of  last  year  11,044  warrants  of  commitments  were  issued  by  County  Courts,  but  only  6,231  persons  actually  taken  into  custody  on  such  warrants.  MR.  COBDEN  ON  THE  LIQUOR  TRADE.—The  following  letter  was  lately  reeeived.in  answer  to  an  inquiry  addressed  to  Mr.  Cobden  as  to  the  best  mode  of  opening  the  trade  in  :  Afidhurst,  Nov.  9,  1853.  Sir,—ln  reply  to  your  inquiry,  I  venture  to  suggest  that  the  best  way  of  dealing  with  the  monopoly  of  spirits  is  to  abstain  from  drinking  them,  which,  for  upwards  of  20  years,  I  have  done.  Depend  upon  it,  they  are  nothing  better  than  slow  poison,  even  if  taken  moderately.  What  they  are  when  taken  in  excess  the  records  of  our  goals,  lunatic  asylums,  and  coroners'  inquests  will  inform  you  ;  and  I  am,  Sir,  your  most  obedient  servant,  RICHARD  MAIL  COMMUNICATION  BETWEEN  MILPORD  AND  WATER WATERFORD.—The  FORD.—The WATERFORD.—The  question  respecting  the  re=establishment  of  the  mail  communication  between  Hobbs  Point  and  Water Waterford  ford Waterford  is  now  in  full  as  as  the  time  for  opening  the  South  Wales  line  approaches.  The  Waterford  Chamber  of  Commerce  have  mooted  the  advisability  of  the  re-etablish re-etablishing  ing re-etablishing  of  mail  intercourse,  and  before  long  it  is  likely  that  a  oompany  will  be  formed  to  carry  out  the  undertaking,  when  it  is  probable  that  the  mails  will  be  carried  under  con•  tract.  By  the  means  of  the  South  'Wales  line  the  sea  pas passage  sage passage  to  Ireland  would  be  so  much  shortened  that  passengers  to  the  south  of  the  sister  country  would  infinitely  prefer  the  shorter  sea  route  from  Milford  to  Waterford  than  the  longer  one  from  Bristol  to  Cork,  or  the  lengthened  journey  via  Holyhead.  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  CorrecipotiVenct.  RIVER  NA  VIGATIOX.  POLICE  COURTS-SATIIRDAY•  LIVERPOOL.  Tones  v.  Corkhlil.—Mr.  Mansfield  delivered  judgment  in  this  case.  He  recapitulated  briefly  the  facts  given  in  evi evidence.  dence. evidence.  The  circumstances,  he  observed,  gave  great  excuse  for  the  act  of  Mr.  Corkhill,  although  they  could  not  abso absolutely  lutely absolutely  justify  an  assault  in  point  of  law,  but  it  appeared  the  blow  was  given  in  the  hurry  of  the  moment,  under  circum circumstances  stances circumstances  of  great  irritation,  and  when  Mr.  Corkhill  was,  per perhaps,  haps, perhaps,  led  to  suppose  that  Mr.  Jones  was  coming  towards  him  for  the  purpose  of  putting  him  out  of  the  booth.  The  court  was  therefore  of  opinion  that  a  nominal  penalty  would,  under  the  circumstances,  be  sufficient.  The  sentence  was,  that  Mr.  Corkhill  pay  a  penalty  of  ls.  and  costs,  or  be  imprisoned  one  day.  James  Sherbury  was  sentenced  to  three  months'  imprison imprisonment  ment imprisonment  for  picking  pockets.  Mary  Travers  was  charged  with  having  stolen  a  quantity  of  wearing  apparel  from  the  house  of  Christiana  Frazer,  of  Brownlow-hill.  Mr.  Clough  complained  of  the  pawnbrokers  who  received  the  clothes.  It  appeared  by  the  report  of  the  officer  that  they  had  been  served  with  notice  of  the  robbery,  and  notwith notwithstanding,  standing, notwithstanding,  they  made  no  report  of  having  received  the  pro property  perty property  until  the  officer  went  there  to  inquire,  through  infor information  mation information  which  he  had  received  from  the  prisoner.  He  had  had  to  make  the  same  complaint  before  upon  two  or  three  occasions.  The  pawnbrokers,  it  was  stated,  were  John  Epsom,  Richard  Ross,  Richard  Ilewson,  London-road  ;  and  Margaret  Oxberry,  Fontenoy-street.  The  prisoner  was  committed  for  trial.  STREET  ROBBERIES  BY  PROSTITUTES.—Mary  Broclrick  and  Ellen  Ridley,  two  women  of  the  town,  were  charged  by  Ann  Barry  with  forcibly  taking  from  her  two  shawls  in  Dutton-street.  Officer  165  stated  that  at  half-past  eleven  o'clock  on  Friday  night,  the  prisoners  passed  him  carrying  itwo  shawls,  and  when  he  was  a  little  way  from  them  they  ran  ;  Immediately  after  Barry  came  up  crying  out  that  she  had  ost  the  shawls,  and  that  the  prisoners  had  dragged  them  off  her  back  when  she  refused  to  treat  them  with  think.  They  were  committed  for  seven  days  each.  Esther  Miller,  a  girl  of  the  town,  was  charged  by  William  Jervis,  a  young  sailor,  with  picking  his  pocket  of  two  sove sovereigns  reigns sovereigns  in  a  public  house  in  Wellington-road,  at  half-past  two  on  Friday  afternoon.  The  sailor  said  he  was  drunk  at  the  time  and  knew  nothing  more  than  that  he  had  the  two  sovereigns  in  his  possession  when  he  met  the  girl.  A  boy  proved  that  he  saw  the  prisoner  put  her  hand  in  the  sailor's  pocket  and  take  something  out,  she  then  showed  two  sovereigns  to  a  man  who  sat  next  her.  Mr.  Clough  said  that  this  man  could  be  had  as  they  knew  who  he  was.  The  case  was  then  remanded  to  Monday.  CURIOUS  AFFILIATION  CASE.—  On  Saturday  week  a  case  of  affiliation  occupied  the  attention  of  the  magistrates  in  the  Police-court,  for  a  very  considerable  time,  and  owing  to  the  singular  turn  which  the  case.  took,  it  was  adjourned  to  Sa Saturday  turday Saturday  last.  The  facts,  as  detailed  in  evidence,  appear  to  be  as  follow  :  Jane  Wilcock,  a  young  girl,  summoned  Frederic  Shrivall,  professor  of  music,  occupying  business  apartments  in  Myrtle Myrtlestreet,  street, Myrtlestreet,  for  the  usual  allowance  for  the  maintenance  of  an  illegitimate  child.  The  plaintiff  swore  that  she  entered  de defendant's  fendant's defendant's  service  on  the  23rd  of  July,  1852  ;  on  the  25th  of  November  in  the  same  year,  illicit  intercourse  had  taken  place  between  them,  and  again  in  about  a  mouth  afterwards.  On  the  29th  of  August,  in  the  present  year,  she  had  been  con confined  fined confined  in  the  Workhouse.  Mr.  Evans,  solicitor,  appeared  for  the  defence;  and  on  Sa Saturday  turday Saturday  last,  Mr.  Aspinall,  barrister,  conducted  the  case  for  the  young  woman.  The  defence  set  up  was  this,  that  Jane  Wilcock  whilst  in  the  service  of  Mr.  Shrivall,  had  been  in  the  habit  of  drink drinking  ing drinking  habitually,  and  also  of  receiving  male  visitants  into  his  house  at  night,  and  returning  home  at  most  unseemly  hours.  Harriet  Kinsly  swore  that  she  had  frequently  seen  the  young  girl  drunk,  and  that  almost  every  night  she  had  men  with  her  in  the  kitchen;  according  to  her  account,  Wilcock  was  a  regular  bad  •  Mr.  Shrivall  deposed  to  the  habitual  drunkenness  of  the  girl,  stating  that  during  a  service  of  six  months  she  had  been  drunk  at  least  thirty  times.  He  also  mentioned  on  Saturday,  that  he  had  heard  that  a  Mr.  M'Clelland,  living  on  the  Cheshire  side  of  the  river,  was  the  real  father  of  the  child.  Mary  Hurst,  a  girl  casually  employed  in  the  house  swore  that  upon  one  occasio  n  s  h  e  saw  h  er  master  kissing  Wilcock,  his  arms  being  about  her  neck  at  the  time,  and  she  had  then  remarked  as  to  the  improper  nature  of  such  familiarity.  Mr.  M'Clelland  appeared  on  last  Saturday,  to  rebut  the  charge  as  against  himself  ;  he  said  he  had  only  heard  acci accidentally  dentally accidentally  of  his  name  being  mentioned  on  the  day  before,  and  that  he  came  forward  on  public  grounds  prepares  to  disprove  the  charge,  in  order  that  it  might  not  be  made  a  practice,  assassin-like  to  stab  a  man's  character  behind  his  back.  The  magistrates  said,  that  in  their  minds  there  was  no  aspersion  whatever  on  the  character  of  Mr.  McClelland,  for  anything  mentioned  in  that  court  with  respect  to  him  was  entirely  unsupported  by  proof.  Mrs.  Shrivall  was  examined,  and  she  swore  positively  to  the  drunken  habits  of  the  plaintiff,  and  to  the  late  hours  at  which  she  used  to  return  home  almost  every  night,  sometimes  at  twelve  o'clock,  and  never  sooner  than  eleven,  and  always  in  a  state  of  drunkenness.  The  witnesses  were  all  removed  from  the  tou  suvel,  elpu!.:  Latau  luay,  a  wo  u  r  e  e  i  t  y  ha  t  t  o  she  th  e  had  di  s  c  w  h  a  a  iitgeed  of  fn  Jane  s  o  .  Shrivall,  on  the  part  of  Mrs.  Greyson,  C  aven  di  s  h-t  errace,  M STYLE=superscript  Pr  i STYLE=superscript  ince'  L STYLE=superscript  s-  e STYLE=superscript  p  a STYLE=superscript  a  c STYLE=superscript  r  h STYLE=superscript  k  ni STYLE=superscript  ,  ansU  s  wore  that  she  had  waited  on  Mrs.  Shrivall,  on  the  part  of  Mrs.  Greyson,  Cavendish-terrace,  Prince's-park,  subs  equent  subs  equent  l  y  Wilcock  from  Shrivall's  service,  to  inquire  of  her  cha character,  racter, character,  Mrs.  Shrivall  had  given  her  a'  most  excellent  character,  not  only  generally,  but  for  sobriety,  and  during  the  'time  that  plaintiff  remained  in  her  service  she  had  no  fault  whatever  to  find  with  her,  except  a  want  of  physical  strength,  her  conduct  had  been  most  excellent,  and  she  had  no  reason  whatever  to  suspect  that  there  was  any  tendency  to  drunkenness;  on  the  contrary,  her  habits  were  those  of  perfect  sobriety.  Mrs.  M'Clelland,  mother  to  the  gentleman  mentioned  be before,  fore, before,  swore  that  she  never  had  a  better  servant  than  the  plaintiff.  She  never  saw  in  her  the  slightest  tendency  to  drunkenness;  on  the  contrary,  an  accusation  of  the  sort  with  respect  to  her  had  caused  her  (witness)  the  greatest  surprise.  Elizabeth  'Williams  deposed,  that  after  the  birth  of  the  child  she  called  on  Shriven,  on  the  part  of  the  plaintiff,  and  he  did  not  deny  the,  charge.  Mary  M‘liay,  the  mother  of  the  plaintiff,  deposed  to  the  same  thing.  After  the  conclusion  of  the  evidence,  Mr.  Evans  the  at attorney  torney attorney  for  the  defence,  applied  to  the  magistrates  to  ad admonish  monish admonish  the  reporters  not  to  mention  this  case.  The  magistrates  said  they  had  no  power  to  do  any  such  thing,  that  was  an  open  court,  and  the  press  should  use  their  own  discretion  ;  the  decision  was  that  Mr.  Shrivall  should  pay  the  highest  sum  the  court  could  award,  that  was  2s.  6d.  a  week."
