text
"DESTRUCTIVE  FIRES  IN  NEW  YORK  AND  BROOKLYN-DAMAGE  400,000  DOL  LARS-LOSS  OF  LIFE  About  6  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning,  the  30th  ult.,  a  fire  was  discovered  in  the  upper  part  of  one  of  the  build buildings  ings buildings  in  the  block  at  the  corner  of  Fulton  and  Nassau Nassaustreets,  streets, Nassaustreets,  known  as  Fowler's-buildings.  Some  accounts  say  that  the  flames  first  broke  out  in  the  building  No.  123,  Fulton-street,  while  others  assert  that  the  fire  commenced  in  No.  121.  It  is  probable  that  the  flames  had  been  smoul smouldering  dering smouldering  for  some  time  in  the  interior  of  the  building,  as  the  fire  had  attained  great  strength  when  it  was  discovered,  and  although  the  alarm,  raised  by  the  police  and  the  insurance  watch,  was  promptly  responded  to,  the  flames  were  raging  in  three  buildings,  No.  121  and  No.  123,  Fulton-street,  and  96,  Nassau-street,  before  the  firemen  could  commence  effec effective  tive effective  operations.  While  the  main  body  of  the  fire  department  exerted  them themselves  selves themselves  with  the  engines  and  other  apparatus  to  quench  the  flames,  some  of  the  members  joined  the  police  and  insurance  watch  in  saving  the  goods,  and  a  great  quantity  of  clothing  from  the  store  of  Mr.  Rogers  in  the  corner  building  was  conveyed  to  a  place  of  safety.  The  men  engaged  in  this  duty  were  subject  to  the  greatest  peril.  The  beams  of  the  third  floor  having  been  burned  through,  two  heavy  iron  safes  fell  with  a  tremendous  crash  on  the  floor  below,  and  the  whole  mass  sank  into  the  cellar,  bearing  with  it  several  of  the  brave  men  who  were  inside  labouring  to  secure  the  goods.  John  Carman,  of  engine  •  company  No.  5,  and  Michael  O'Brien,  of  hook  and  ladder  company  No.  11,  were  descend descending  ing descending  the  stairs,  when  they  were  caught  by  the  falling  mass,  and  buried  beneath  the  ruins.  It  is  also  thought  that  a  young  man  named  John  Van  Alen  shared  the  same  fate.  About  2  o'clock  this  morning,  the  body  of  John  Carman  was  recovered  and  taken  to  the  station  house.  It  was  so  badly  crushed  and  burned  that  it  could  only  be  identified  by  his  gold  watch  and  chain.  The  deceased  was  25  years  of  age,  and  leaves  a  wife  and  child.  Michael  O'Brien  was  unmarried.  Among  the  injured  were  Messrs.  Burke  and  Charles  Kent,  of  hose  company  No.  6  ;  John  Woolsey,  of  the  insurance  watch;  and  policemen  Snodgrass,  Rich,  and  Gaffrey.  Meanwhile  the  c  onflagration  continued,  and  the  three  buildings  mentioned  were  entirely  consumed.  The  build building  ing building  No.  98  Fulton-street  was  also  burned  out.  The  flames  caught  the  roofs  of  the  adjoining  buildings,  and  of  the  Herald  newspaper  building  on  the  opposite  side  of  Nassau  street.  These  structures  however,  were  saved,  though  no  t  without  great  damage  to  the  contents  by  water.  TJte  buildings  consumed  were  owned  by  M  r  .  J  ona  th  an  O.  it  owler,  °  Tocer,  or  orreenwicti  street,  whose  loss  is  esti estimated  mated estimated  at  $40,000  ;  insurance  $28,000.  The  ground  is  leased  to  him  by  the  Reformed  Dutch  Church,  to  whom  it  belongs.  The  block  consisted  of  six  stow  es,  oilo  of  which  was  not  harmed.  They  cost  $BO,OOO,  and  were  insured  for  $50,000,  as  follows  :  Grocers'  $15,000  ;  Broadway,  $8,000;  Merchants'  $18,000;  Irving,  $9,000.  These  are  the  in insurances  surances insurances  on  the  whole  block  belongng  to  Mr.  Fowler.  The  losses  of  the  companies  on  the  buildings  actually  destroyed  are,  of  course,  much  less  :  for  instan  ce  ,  th  e  M  erc  h  ants  '  h  as  not  lost  more  than  $6OOO.  The  stores  No.  123  Fulton,  and  No.  96,  Nassau-street,  were  chiefly  occupied  by  P.  S.  Rogers,  clothier,  whose  loss  is  estimated  at  $165,000,  on  which  there  was  insurance  to  the  amount  of  $50,000,  as  follows  :  Mercantile  Insurance  Office,  $5,000;  North  American,  Philadelphia,  $5,000  ;  Union  Mutual,  $5,000;  Beekman,  $5,000;  Astor,  $5,000;  Irving,  $4,000  ;  Building  Association  $5,000  ;  Empire  City,  $5,000  ;  Niagara,  $6,000  ;  Two  or  three  others,  about  $6.000  .  Total,  $50,000.  It  is  said  that  Mr.  Rog•ers  has  made  arrangements  to  re resume  sume resume  business  immediately.  at  No.  138,  Fulton-street.  The  third  story  of  No.  96,  Nassau-street,  was  occupied  by  Messrs.  Salisbury  and  Arrowsmith,  and  Jacot  and  Cour Courvoisier,  voisier, Courvoisier,  jewellers.  The  first-named  had  a  stock  valued  at  $75,000,  on  which  there  was  an  insurance  of  $57,000.  It  will  probably  be  recovered  from  their  sate.  Messrs.  J.  and  C.  are  said  to  have  removed  their  stock  in  safety.  In  the  basement,  Mr.  McJilton  had  a  restaurant,  and  lost  $l,BOO  --no  insurance.  No.  98  was  occupied  by  T.  W.  Strong,  engraver,  stationer,  &amp;c.  •  Mr.  Strong's  stock  was  valued  at  672,000—insured  to  the  amount  of  s2s,ooo—in  the  Nia Niagara,  gara, Niagara,  $5,000,  N.  Y.  Fire  Marine,  $5,000,  Etna,  $5,000,  Stuy Stuyvesant,  vesant, Stuyvesant,  $5,000,  North  West  of  Oswego,  $5,000.  Total,  $25,000.  Three  thousand  dollars  of  the  amount  of  the  po policy  licy policy  issued  by  the  Stuyvesant  Company  on  the  stock  of  Mr.  Strong  are  re  insured  in  the  Lorillard  office.  On  - STYLE=superscript  Fulton-street—the  next  building  was  occupied  by  Bunnell  and  Price,  booksellers  and  publishers.  Their  loss  is  $2,000  ;  not  insured.  In  the  upper  story,  James  H.  Lent,  military  equipments,  $l,OOO.  The  basement  of  No.  121,  Fulton-street,  was  occupied  as  a  store-room  for  paper,  by  Hannah  and  Beebe.  Their  loss  is  $4,000  ;  insured  for  $3,000  at  Hartford.  Above,  Sebert  and  Robinson,  litho lithographers,  graphers, lithographers,  lost  $5,000  ;  insured  at  the  New  York  City  office,  to  the  amount  of  $1,500.  John  Broad,  restaurateur,  in  the  basement,  total  loss  $2,000  ;  no  insurance.  The  Military  Aryus  office  was  in  the  same  building,  and  its  materials,  &amp;c.,  were  destroyed.  Loss  $2,000.  Published  by  John  Crawley.  The  stock  of  - STYLE=superscript  Messrs.  Hudson  and  Smith,  119,  Fulton Fultonstreet,  street, Fultonstreet,  looking  glass  dealers,  was  badly  damaged.  The  roof  of  their  building  was  partly  taken  off.  The  total  loss  by  this  fire  is  probably  not  less  than  $350,000,  about  one-third  of  which  is  covered  by  insu insurance.  rance. insurance.  About  eleven  o'clock  a.m.,  while  the  above  described  conflagration  was  raging  in  New  York,  a  fire  occurred  in  Brooklyn,  in  the  storehouses  of  Messrs.  T.  Shortland  and  Sons,  on  the  North  Pier  of  the  Atlantic  Dock,  recently  occupied  by  Messrs,  Verplank  and  Chambers.  The  fire  broke  out  in  the  engine  room  of  No.  33,  and  extended  to  the  adjoining  stores  on  either  side.  The  buildings  and  machinery  were  greatly  damaged,  and  the  contents,  amount amounting  ing amounting  to  nearly  70,000  bushels  of  wheat  and  corn,  were  partly  consumed  and  partly  spoiled.  A  portion  of  the  grain  was  insured  in  the  New  York  Corn  Exchange  for  $2,500  ;  and  the  buildings  and  machinery  were  insured  for  $25,000  in  the  Etna  and  Protection..  offices  of  Hartford,  Ct.,  and  a  - STYLE=superscript  New  York  office.  Th  e  t  o  t  a  l  l  oss  ,  probably,  exceeds  $BO,OOO.  THE  BURNHAM  MURDER.—We  observe  in  the  Times  of  Wednesday,  that  at  the  inquest  held  on  the  remains  of  the  female  recently  murdered  at  Burnham  Abbey,  in  answer  to  the  question  as  to  the  probable  length  of  time  the  body  might  have  been  burning,  Dr,  Robinson,  after  giving  his  opinion,  is  reported  to  have  observed  that  Pass,  of  Leices Leicester,  ter, Leicester,  burned  a  body  in  his  room  s  ,  b  e  f  ore  a  l  arge  fi  re,  and  it  took  several  hours  to  consume  There  is  a  great  mistake  here.  Mr.  Pass  was  the  murdered  man.  He  travelled  at  the  time  referred  to  on  his  own  account,  as  a  bookbinders'  tool  manufacturer.  On  one  of  his  business  visits  to  Leicester  lie  called  at  the  workshop  of  a  man  of  the  name  of  Cook,  who  murdered  Mr.  Pass,  cut  up  the  body  in  a  shocking  manner,  and  then  attempted  to  conceal  the  horrible  crime  he  had  committed  by  burning  the  whole.  Mr.  Pass  was  a  respectable  tradesman,  carrying  on  business  in  London,  and  was  well  known  both  in  Liverpool  and  Manchester,  and  in  many  other  parts  of  the  country.  RAILWAY  SIGNALS  AND  COLOUR  BLINDNESS.  •  The  majority  of  colour-blind  persons  are  able  to  distinguish  red  from  bright  green  when  these  are  bright,  near  the  eye,  and  well  illuminated;  but  the  power  of  distinguishing  diminishes  with  great  rapidity  in  proportion  to  the  distance  they  are  removed  from  the  eye,  The  coloured  day-signals  on  rail railways—especially  ways—especially railways—especially  the  flags,  which  alone  are  available  in  some  of  the  most  pressing  emergencies  —soon  tarnish  and  darken,  and  consequently  diminish  the  distances  at  which  the  two  danger  signals  can  be  distinguished.  Railway  directors  have,  therefore,  an  emphatic  interest  in  this  subject.  They  should  invariably  ascertain  that  the  men  in  their  employ employment  ment employment  really  and  truly  know  one  danger  signal  from  another,  or  danger  signals  from  ordinary  signals  . STYLE=superscript  —Dickens's  House Household  hold Household  Words,"
